Goqgte books

0

AaA-


THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE^/COMMONS.

VOL. 40.

VQL. 40. A

f |

I BiMtoblbilottMk ] I M*nch«n J

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From May the 18th, 1784,

In the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

December the 1st, 1785,

In the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of The House of Commons.

1803.

vol. 4a

A2

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 40.

VOL. 40.

B

I Proclamation for dissolving Parliament.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS We have thought fit, by and with the Advice of Our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now stands prorogued to Tuesday the Sixth Day of April next: We do, for that End, publish this Our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on

Tuesday the said Sixth Day of April next. And We being desirous and resolved, as soon as may be, to meet Our People, and to have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known to all Our loving Subjects, Our Royal Will and Pleasure to call a new Parliament: And do hereby further declare, That, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, We have this Day given Order to Our Chancellor of Great Britain, to issue out Writs, in due Form, for calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Teste on Friday the Twenty-sixth of this instant March, and to be returnable on Tuesday the Eighteenth Day of May following.

Given at Our Court at The Queen's House, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, in the Twenty-fourth Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the K i n g.

JAMES

Lord

Steward's

Deputation.

C^fAMES Duke of Chandos, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Household, and one of His Majesty’s most T’ honourable Privy Council, To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, Richard Hopkins, Sir John Eden, Baronet; the honourable James Murray; Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Baronet; John Wilkes, Robert Waller, George Mdiey, Francis Cockayne Cast, John Ord, George Hardinge, Richard Pepper Arden, Sir John WrotLesley% Baronet; Sir Charles Gould, William Mainwaring, Charles Brett, Richard Benyon, William Graves, Clement Tudxvay, Sir Charles Middleton, Baronet; John Macbride, the Right honourable Lord Apsley, Barnt Barne, Philip Stiphens, Robert Burton, JohnBuller, Sir Wat kin Lcxces, JW/w J3wh/, Sir James Langham, Baronet; the honourable JToAw Leveson Gower, Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Richard Vernon, Richard Arthur Holdsworth, Andrew Bayntun, Chaloner Arcedeckne, Dalhousie Watherston, John Call, Nathaniel Smith, Sir John Miller, Baronet; the Bight honourable Lord Frederick Campbell, William Hussey, Thomas Hunt, Bamber Gascoyne, Senior* Thomas Berney Bramstohe, Edward Loveden Lovedtn, Charles Medoavs, Henry Pexiton, John Strutt, JeAw Zee, Lambton, Wharton Amcotts,

Charles Morgan, Sir Charles Preston, Baronet; Lord Viscount Neville, John Morgan, Robert Preston, James Macpherson, Alexander Garden, JeAtf Robinson, JoAw Patry, Alexander Hood, Sir Bernard Turner, Sir Peter Butrell, Robert Fenshaw, John Rogers, Alexander Popham, Hero Dalrymple, John Scott, Thomas Steele, George White Thomas, John Aubrey, Michael Angelo Taylor, Maurice Lloyd, William Augustus Spencer Boscawen, John Thomas Ellis, Sir Michael Le Fleming, Baronet; the honourable Ae*YA Stewart, George Rose, Sir Robert Palk, Baronet; Nathaniel Newnham, Benjamin Hammet, Robert Colt, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Baronet; Sir George Howard, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath; Penyston Portlock Perwney, Richard Middleton, the honourable John Jefferys Pratt, Abel Smith, the honourable Edward Norton, Sir James Pennyman, Baronet; Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde, Baronet; John Rolle, Charles Pcnruddocke, Paul Orchard, John Tempest, Thomas Gilbert, the honourable William Cornwallis, Francis Reynolds, George Jennings, Sir Thomas Frankland, Baronet; John Galley Knight, Richard Barwell, Samuel Salt, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet; Philip Francis, Richard Gamon, Sir Charles Kent, Baronet; Sir John Rous, Baronet; William Selwyn, Edward Leeds, James Whoncood Adeane, John Mortlock, Sir Thomas Halifax, Richard Phillipson, Peter Bathurst, William Beckford, Richard Wilbraham Bootle, John Nesbit, John Aldridge, William Egerton; the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, Charles Lef ebure, Thomas Farrer, Richard Howard, Thomas Boothby Parkyns, Robert Mackreth, John Cator; the Right honourable Lord Hinchingbrook, Sir Thomas Rich, Baronet; Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Baronet; George Osbaldeston, Sir Charles Famaby Radcliffe, Baronet; Edwin Lascelles, John Smith, Peirse Asheton Curzon, Roger Wilbraham; the Right honourable William Pitt, George Douglas, Hugh Montgomerie, John Clevland, William Pochin, John Peach Hungerford, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, Baronet Sir Charles Davers, Baronet; Timothy Caszcall, Bamber Gascoyne^ Junior; Christopher Potter, John Stanley, the Right honourable Lord Newhaven, John Harrison, John Blackbume, George Vansittart, the honourable George Cranjieid Berkeley, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my Place and Stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the taking of the said Oaths before me; to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Eighteenth Day of May 1784; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be elected, or to sit or vote as Members of the House of Commons; according to the Directions of another Statute, made the Sixteenth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me; to all and every Person and Persons who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not be present at the Meeting of Election; and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters herein before-mentioned; Ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and foil Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the same. In Testimony whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Eighteenth Day of May, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, fyc* Annoque Domini 1784.

Chandos. ( L. S.)

Parliamentum

Parliament

meets.

Message to alteud the King.

House directed to choose a Speaker.

24 Geo. III. 18° Mali.

Parliamentum inceptum et tentum apud civitatem Westmouasteri-ensem die Martis, 18° die Mail, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Tertii, Dei gratia, Magnae Britanniae, Francias, et Hiberniae, Regis, Fidei Defensoris, &c. 24° annoque Domini 1784.

THE King’s most Excellent Majesty having, by His Royal Proclamation (hereunto annexed) dated the 25th Day of March last, dissolved the last Parliament, and by His Writ of Summons, issued under the*Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing . Teste at Westminster, on Friday the 26th Day of March, called a new Parliament, and appointed the same to meet and sit this Day; the most Noble James Duke of Chandos, Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold, came, about Twelve of the Clock, into One of the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, where the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament are usually administered; and John Hatscll, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Ley, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, attending according to their Duty; and the honourable John Yorke, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered to the said Mr. Hatsell a Book, containing a List of the Names of such Members &s had been returned to serve in this Parliament, the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed to several of the Members who appeared, and afterwards made a Commission or Deputation under his Hand and seal (hereunto also annexed) impowering several of the Members who had before been sworn to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; some of which Commissioners administered the same accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which, a Message was delivered by Sir Francis Molyncux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod.

Gentlemen,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly the House went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers; where the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by His Majesty’s Directions, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

HIS Majesty has been pleased to command me to acquaint you, That He will defer declaring the Cause of calling this Parliament, till there shall be a Speaker of the House of Commons: And therefore it is His Majesty’s Pleasure, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, do immediately repair to the Place where the Commons usually sit, and there choose a fit Person to be your Speaker; and that you present Vox. 40.

such Person, who shall be so chosen, to His Majesty here, for His Royal Approbation, Tomorrow at Two of the Clock.

And the House being returned;

The most honourable James Marquis of Graham, Son and Heir apparent of the most noble the Duke of Montrose, and One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Great Bedwyn, in the County of Wilts, addressing himself to the Clerk (who, standing up, pointed to him, and then sat down) proposed to the House for their Speaker the Right honourable Charles JVolfran Cornwall; in which Motion he was seconded by Sir George Howard, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, and One of the Burgesses for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln.

The House then calling Mr. ConwaU to the Chair, he stood up in his Place, and expressed the Sense he had of the Honour proposed to be conferred on him; and having recommended the Choice of a properer Person, he submitted himself to the House.

The House then again unanimously calling Mr. Cornwall to the Chair* he was taken out of his Place by the said Marquis of Graham and Sir George Howard, and conducted to the Chair; where, standing on the upper Step, he returned his humblest Acknowledgments to the House for, the great Honour they had been pleased to confer on him; but hoped that the House would permit him to state the Circumstances he'had before mentioned in another Place.

But the Members cried, No, No.

And thereupon he sat down in the Chair; and then the Mace (which before lay under the Table) was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Gallway, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Comptroller of His Majesty’s Houshold, and One of the Citizens for the City of York, having congratulated Mr. Speaker elect, moved to adjourn till To-Morrow, Twelve of the Clock.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

G

Mr. Cornwall chosen Speaker.

6

21° — 240 Mail.

Message to attend the King.

Choice of

Speaker

approved.

19 — 20 ——

Mercia n, 19* die Mnii;

Anno 240 Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1784.

TI ! F, House being met, and Mr. Speaker elect having taken the Chair;

A Message was brought from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molymux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker elect was presented to His Majesty, for His Royal Approbation: And

Then the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain after receiving Directions from His Majesty, signified His Majesty’s Approbation of Mr. Speaker elect.

The House being returned:

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had been in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty had been pleased to approve of the Choice the House had made of him to be their Speaker; and that he ha.!, in their Name, and on their Behalf, by humble Petition to His Majesty, laid Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges, particularly that their Persons, their Estates, and Servants might be free from Arrests, and all Molestations; that they may enjoy Liberty of Speech in all their Debates, may have Access to His Majesty’s Royal Person whenever Occasion shall require; and that all their Proceedings may receive from His Majesty the most favourable Construction; which, he said, His Majesty had confirmed to them in as toll and ample Manner as they have been hen totore granted or allowed by llis Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors.

And then Mr. Speaker repeated his most respectful Acknowledgments to the House for the Honour they had done him.

Mr. Speaker then put the House in Mind, that the first Thing to be done, was to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oaths of Abjuration and Qualification, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker, first alone, standing upon the upper Step of the Chair, took the said first mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration; and also delivered in to the Clerk of the House, an Account of his Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification.

And, after him, several other Members took the said first mentioned Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1784. |

Jovis, 20* die Mail;

Anno 24* Georgii IIl, Si Regis 1784. fa

tar.

Prayers.

SEVER A L other Members present took the Oaths, Members and made and subscribed the Declaration, and take Oaths, took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Veneris, 21° die Maii;

Anno 240 Georgii lIItU Regis 1784.

Prayers.

C E V E R A L other Members present took the Members O Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, Oaths, and took and subscribed the Oatn of Abjuration, according to the Laws made lor those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscrioed the said Oath accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 24* die Mail;

Anno 240 Georgii IIIm Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Members Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, take Oaths, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time. Outlawries.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Grands Committee for Religion do Grand tom-sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. mittees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered,

24 Geo. III. 240 Mail.

7

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do will proceed with the utmost Severity against such sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House. Offender.

* Committee of Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap-

’ Privileges. pointed.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ambler, Mr. Steele, Mr. Hunger ford, General Burgoyne, Mr. Orel, Mr. Powney, the Lord Mahon, Mr. Phipps, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr] Grenville, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Mr. Zee, Mr. Powys, Sir George Howard\ Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John Jervis, the Lord North, Mr. Alderman Neivnham, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Brett, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Marquis of Graham, Sir Robert Palk, Mr. Eden, Mr. Ellis, Sir Peter Burrell, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Baring, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hussey, Sir Francis Bassett, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Secretary at War, The Master of the Rolls, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Fanshaw, Mr. JVyndham, Mr. Adam, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Cast, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Alderman Hrilkesm, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber; and to sit eve 17 Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Usual Ordered, That all Persons who will question any

Orders. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, w ho are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election t by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters

O O vT*

excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver, the like Lists, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stanger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is sitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speakers Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House or Gallery thereof, while the House is sitting.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where this House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Con>-mittee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High v>rime and Misdemeanor; and this House

Vol. 40.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers? of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminslei' Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do see the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be

within

Usual

Order*

C,

8 240 Ma . 1784.

Usual within the Lobby of thfe House, or upon the Stairs Orders. leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, evefy Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members sending for the dame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, 6r Packet, directed to this House*, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning* after such Notice, be declared to be null* and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the same.

their Qualification, and took and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Notice being taken of the Return, or Answer, made Westminster by Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the C ity of Westminster., E,ectu>n* to the Precept of the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, for the electing Two Citizens to serve in this Parliament for the said City, and which Return or Answer, is inserted in the Book of Returns; the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Sheriff of the County of Middlesex certifies and returns, that by virtue of the Writ to him directed, he, on the 26th March, in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, duly made and delivered his Precept to the Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, whereby he commanded him, without Delay, to cause Two Citizens to be elected for the said City; and that on the 17th May, in the Year aforesaid, he did receive from the said Bailiff a Return, or Answ er, to the said Precept, and which he hath annexed to the Writ to him the said Sheriff directed, and which Return, or Answer, is in the Words and Figures following:

Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, doth hereby certify unto the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, that by virtue cf a certain Precept dated the Twenty-sixth Day of March last, and on the same Day delivered to him the said Bailiff by the said Sheriff, for the Election of Two Citizens to serve in the ensuing Parliament for the City of Westminster \ and by virtue of the Writ therein recited (Proclamation of the Premises in the said Precept first-mentioned, of the Day and Place as in the said Precept is directed, first being made) he the said Bailiff did proceed to the Election of Two citizens to 9erve in the ensuing Parliament for the sail City of Westminster, on the First Day of April now last past, on which Day appeared and were put in Nomination the Three Candidates herein after named; and a Poll being demanded, he the said Bailitf did forthwith proceed to take the said Poll, and continued to take the same, Day by Day, during Six Hours each Day; vizi from Nine in the Forenoon to Three in the Afternoon, until the Day of the Date of these Presents, inclusive, on which Day the said Poll was fimily closed, wdien the Numbers on the said Poll for the said several Candidates stood as follows; viz.

For the Right honourable Sir Samuel Hoed,

Baronet, Baron Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland - 6,694

For the Right honourable Charles James Fox 6,233

For Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet - 5,998

Chester and

Merioneth

Returns.

Members

sworn.

The House taking Notice, by the Book of Returns, that there is no Return made for the County of Chester, or for the County of Merioneth;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House,' of the 24th Day of March 1714. and the 51b Day of April 1715, of the Proceedings of the House, in Relation to the Return for the County of Cumberland might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received Certificates from the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, That the Sheriffs of the Counties of Chester and Merioneth had made their Returns of the Members for the said Counties.

Then several other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of

And the said Bailiff farther sets forth, that on the said final Close of the Poll, a Scrutiny was dvily demanded in Behalf the said -Sir Cecil Wray, which Scrutiny the said Bailiff has granted for the Purpose of investigating the Legality of the Votes more accurately than could be done upon the said Poll, and the said Scrutiny so granted is now pending and undetermined; and, by reason of the Premises, the said Bailiff humbly conceives he cannot make any other or further Return to the said Precept, than as hereinbefore is contained, until the said Scrutiny shall be determined, which he fully intends to proceed upon with all practicable Dispatch. In Witness whereof, he the said Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the said Liberty, hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal, the Seventeenth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four. Thomas Corbett,

Bailiff. KLJ

A Motion

9

4 Ge6. III. 24d Mail

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, whose duty it was to execute the Precept directed to him by the Sheriff of Middlesex, for the Election of Two Citizens to serve in the present Parliament for the City of Westminster, and to return the same to the Sheriff On or before the 18th Day of May Instant, being the Day on which the present Parliament was appointed to be holden, having proceeded to take, and having finally closed, the Poll before the said 18th Day of May, ought to have returned Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for preventing " irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers " in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve " in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the previous Question being put, That the said proposed Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T.ll«fe.beY«M,{5£]^fW^ } I36.

}„83.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Thomas Corbett, Esquire, Bailiff of, the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster^ do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

The King's Mr. Speaker reported to the House* That when the Speech. House did attend His Majesty, upon Wednesday last, in the House of Peers, His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is os followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have the greatest Satisfaction in meeting you in Parliament at this Time, after recurring, in so important a Moment, to the Sense of My People. I have a just and confident Reliance, that you are animated with the same Sentiments of Loyalty, and the same Attachment to our excellent Constitution, which I have had the Happiness to see so fully manifested in every Part of the Kingdom. The happy Effects of such a Disposition will, I doubt not, appear in the Temper and Wisdom of your Deliberations, and in the Dispatch of the important Objects of public Business which demand your Attention. It will afford Me peculiar Pleasure to find that the Exercise of the Power, entrusted to Me by the Constitution, has been productive of Consequences so beneficial to My Subjects, whose Interest and Welfare are always nearest My Heart.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the current Year to be laid before you; and I trust to your Zeal and Affection to make such Provisions for their farther Supply, and for the Application of the Sums granted in the last Parliament, as may appear to be necessary.

I sincerely lament every Addition to the Burthens of My People; but they will, I am persuaded, feel the Necessity, after a long and expensive WTar, of effectually providing for the Maintenance of the National Faith and Our Public Credit, so essential to the Power and Prosperity of the State.

Vol. 40.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The alarming Progress of Frauds in the Revenue, accompanied in so many Instances with Violence, will not fail on every Account to excite your Attention.

I must at the same Time, recommend to your most serious Consideration, to frame such Commercial Regulations as may appear immediately necessary in the present Moment. The Affairs of the East India Company form an Object of Deliberation deeply connected with the general Interests of the Country. While you feel a just Anxiety to provide for the good Government of Our Possessions in that Part of the World, you will, I trust, never lose Sight of the Effect which any Measure to be adopted for that Purpose may have on Our own Constitution, and Our dearest Interests at Home. You will find Me always desirous to concur with you in such Measures as may be of lasting Benefit to My People: I have no Wish but to consult their Prosperity, by a constant Attention to every Object of National Concern, by a uniform Adherence to the true Principles of Our free Constitution, and by supporting and maintaining, in their just Balance, the Rights and Privileges of every Branch of the Legislature.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Address on

posed, That an humble Address be presented to His King’s

Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this sPcech*

House, for His Most Gracious Speech from the

Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that we are animated with those Sentiments of Loyalty, and that inviolable At- tachment to our excellent Constitution, which are, we trust, inseparably united in the Hearts of His Faithful Subjects:

That we acknowledge, with the warmest Gratitude and Satisfaction, His Majesty’s Wisdom and Goodness, in recurring, at so important a Moment, to the Sense of His People’; and that we trust so seasonable an Exercise of the Power entrusted to His Majesty by the Constitution will not fail to be attended by the most beneficial and happy Effects:

To assure His Majesty, that His Faithful Commons will be ready to take proper Measures for the Application of the Sums voted in the last Parliament, and to grant such further Supplies as may appear to be necessary; having the fullest Confidence that all His Majesty’s Subjects will, from Loyalty to His Majesty, and Zeal for the Interests of the Country, be ready to support those heavy Burthens which, in Consequence of a long and expensive War, are now unavoidable; and will be sensible of the Necessity of effectually providing for the Maintenance of the National Faith and the Public Credit, so essential to the Power and Prosperity of the State:

To assure His Majesty, that we shall apply our utmost Attention to the Means of preventing the increasing Frauds in the Revenue: That we shall also take into our most serious Consideration such Commercial Regulations as the present Situation may immediately require:

That, in our Deliberations on the Affaire of the East India Company, so deeply connected with the general Interests of the Country, we shall be truly anxious to provide for the good Government of our Possessions in that Part of die World: That we shall be careful never to lose Sight of the Effects which any Measure, to be adopted for that Purpose, may have on our excellent Constitution, and our dearest Interests at Home:

That we are deeply penetrated with the Gracious and Parental Expressions of His Majesty’s Affection and Goodness to His People; and have the most dutiful Reliance on His Majesty’s Royal Attention to every Object of National Concern, and to the true D Principles

10

34° — $5° Mail. A. 1784.

Principles of our free Constitution, which can only be secured by maintaining, in their just Balance, the Rights and Privileges of every Branch of the Legislature;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " That we acknowledge, with the warmest Gratitude and Satisfaction, His Majesty’s Wisdom and Goodness, id " recurring, at so important a Moment, to the Sense " of His People; and that we trust so seasonable an of Exercise of the Power entrusted to His Majesty by " the Constitution will not fail to be attended by the " most beneficial and happy Effects."

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 24th Day of December last, of His Majesty’s most Gracious Answer to the Address of this House, of the 2 2d Day of the same Month, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 26th Day of January last, of the Resolution of the House, upon reading His Majesty’s said most Gracious Answer, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Edward James\

Eliot, \ 282.

Mr. Robert Smith: J

Tellers for the Noes, } -4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that we are animated with those Sentiments of Loyalty, and that inviolable Attachment to our excellent Constitution, which are, we trust, inseparably united in the Hearts of His Faithful Subjects:

That we acknowledge, with the warmest Gratitude and Satisfaction, His Majesty’s Wisdom and Goodness, in recurving, at so important a Moment, to the Sense of His People; and that we trust so seasonable an Exercise of the Power entrusted to His Majesty by the Constitution will not fail to be attended by the most beneficial and happy Effects:

To assure His Majesty, that His Faithful Commons will be ready to take proper Measures for the Application of the Sums voted in the last Parliament, and to grant such further Supplies as may appear to be necessary; having the fullest Confidence that all His Majesty s Subjects will, from Loyalty to His Majesty, and Zeal for the Interests of the Country, be ready to support those heavy Burthens which, in Consequence of a long and expensive War, are now unavoidable; and will be sensible of the Necessity of effectually providing for the Maintenance of the National Faith and the Public Credit, so essential to the Power and Prosperity of the State:

To assure His Majesty, that we shall apply our utmost Attention to the Means of preventing the increasing Frauds in the Revenue: That we shall also take into our most serious Consideration such Commercial Regulations as the present Situation may immediately require:

That, in our Deliberations on the Affairs of the East India Company, so deeply connected with the general Interests of the Country, we shall be truly anxious to provide for the good Government of our Possessions in that Part of the World: That we shall be careful never to lose Sight of the Effects which any 9

Measure to be adopted for that Purpose may have on our excellent Constitution, and our dearest Interests at Home:

That we are deeply penetrated with the Gracious and Parental Expressions of His Majesty’s Affection and Goodness to His People, and have the most dutiful Reliance on His Majesty’s Royal Attention to every Object of National Concern, and to the true Principles bf our free Constitution, which can only be secured by maintaining, in their just Balance, the Rights and Privileges of every Branch of the Legislature.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. John James Hamilton, Sir William Molesworth, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Secretary at War, the Master of the Rolls,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Mulgrave, the Lord Mahon, Mr. Steele, Mr.

William Wyndham Grenville, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. James Luttrell, the Lord Delaval, Mr. Rose, or any Five of them: And they are to w ithdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

And then, the House having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That Mr.....Grojan, Deputy to the Person ta

Bailiff of the City of Westminster, do attend this House attend, this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, 25° die Mali;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

APETITION of the Prisoners for Debt, now Debtor* confined in Saint Thomass Ward, or Prison, in Petition, and for the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Trade with last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for America.

" further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act,

" made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for preventing certain Instruments from " being required from Ships belonging to the United " States of America; and to give to His Majesty,

" for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better u carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, and Mr. Aubrey, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Several

II

24 Geo. III. 250 Mali.

Electio* Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections Petition!. and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That whenever several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, shall, at the same Time, be offered to be presented to the House, Mr. Speaker shall direct such Petitions to be all of them delivered in at the Table, where they shall be classed and read in the following Order; viz. Such Petitions as complain of Double Returns, in the First Class; such as complain of the Election or Return of Members returned to serve for Two or more Places, in the Second Class; and the Residue of the said Petitions, in the Third Class: And the Names of the Places to which such Petitions (contained in the First Class, if more than One) shall relate, shall, in the first Place, be written on several Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and the same Pieces of Paper shall be then rolled up, and put by the Clerk into a Box or Glass, and then publicly drawn by the Clerk; and the said Petitions shall be read in the Order in which the said Names shall be drawn: And then the like Method shall be observed with respect to the several Petitions contained in the Second and Third Classes respectively;

An Amendment w'as proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Words " Second Class," the Words " such as complain of Returns only, in the " Third Class."

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 6th, 19th, and 23d Days of December 1774, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Third" and inserting the Word " Fourth" instead thereof; by leaving oiit the last " and; " and, after the last " Third," inserting the Words " and " Fourth." .

And the Question being put, That the Word " Third " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Fourth" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the last "and" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " and Fourth" be inserted after the last "Third;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That whenever several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, shall, at the same Time, be offered to be presented to the House, Mr. Speaker shall direct such Petitions to be all of them delivered in at the Table, where they shall be classed and read in the following Order; viz. Such Petitions as complain of Double Returns, in the First Class; such as complain of the Election or Return of Members returned to serve for Two or more Places, in the Second Class; such as complain of Returns only, in the Third Class; and the Residue of the said Petitions, in the Fourth Class: And the Names of the Places to which such Petitions {contained in the First Class, if more than One) shall relate, shall, in the first Palace, be written on several Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and the same Pieces of Paper shall be then rolled up, and

V 0 l. 40.

put by the Clerk into a Box or Glass, and then publicly drawn by the Clerk; and the said Petitions shall be read in the Order in which the said Naimes shall be drawn: And then the like Method shall be observed with respect to the several Petitions contained in the Second, Third, and Fourth Classes respectively.

Then several Petitions, complaining of Double Returns, were delivered in at the Table; and the Names of the Places to which such Petitions related were, in the first Place, put into a Glass, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

A Petition of Roger Wilbraham, Esquire, was read; Midshall Setting forth, That at the last Election for Members El«ction. to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Midshall', otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner, David Howell, Christopher Hawkins, and William Boscawen, Esquires, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the said Christopher Hawkins, by himself and his Agents, was guilty of Bribery and other corrupt Practices, and of using undue Influence in procuring, and endeavouring to procure, Persons to vote for him at the said Election, and also in preventing Persons who would have given their Voices in Support of the Petitioner, from attending and appearing at the Poll for that Purpose; and that a considerable Majority of Persons, legally entitled to vote at the said Election, gave their Voices in Favour of the said Devoid Howell, who was duly elected and returned to serve as one of the Burgesses for the said Borough; and that a Majority also of Persons legally entitled to vote at the said Election polled and tendered their Voices for the Petitioner, but that the Portreeve of the said Borough, before whom the Poll was taken, rejected the Votes of several Persons having a Right to vote, which were tendered on Behalf of the Petitioner, and admitted many Persons to give their Voices in Favour of the said Christopher Hawkins, who were not legally qualified as Electors, by which Means there appeared upon the Poll an equal Number of Voices in Favour of the Petitioner and of the said Christopher Hawkins; and that although the said Portreeve, in Consideration of such Equality of Numbers, claimed, as Returning Officer, to have a casting Voice, and actually gave such casting Voice in Favour of the Petitioner, nevertheless the said Portreeve hath returned, That Twenty-one Persons, having a Right of voting at the said Election, elected the Petitioner, and that the like Number of Twenty-one Persons, having a Right of voting, elected the said Christopher Hawkins, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Mitchell: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and give such Relief as the Circumstances of the Case require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 15th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Christopher Hawkins, Esquire, was also Ditto, read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Midshall, otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall,

Roger Wilbraham, David Howell, William Boscawen,

Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, after the Teste and issuing of the Writ, and during the Election, the said Roger Wilbraham, by himself and Agents, was guilty of bribing and entertaining the Votes, and of other corrupt Practices, and of using undue Influence in procuring and endeavouring to procure, Persons to vote for him, and of preventing others, who would have given their Votes for the Petitioner, from attending for that Purpose; and that the said David Howell and the Petitioner had a Majority of the Votes of the said Electors, and ought only to have been returned Burgesses, but that the Reverend John Bassett, the Portreeve and Returning Officer of the said Borough, admitted Persons, who were

12

Mait. 1784.

were not Electors thereof, to vote for the said Roger Wilbraham, and refused to receive the Votes of Persons who were Electors of the said Borough, and offered to vote for the Petitioner, and declared, that 27 Burgesses^ and Persons appearing to have a Right of voting, voted for the said David Howell, and that 21 other Burgesses, appearing to have a Right of voting, voted for the said Roger Wilbraham (of which said 21 he the said Portreeve was one) and that the like Number of 21 Burgesses voted for the Petitioner, and thereupon the said Portreeve also declared the said David Howell duly elected one of the said Burgesses; -and that if he the said Portreeve had a Right to give a casting Vote or Voice at such Election, he would, and did, give the same for the said Roger IVII-braham, and accordingly the said Portreeve returned the said David Howell duly elected, and declared that the said 21 Persons first mentioned elected the said Roger Wilbraham to be a Burgess, and that the 21 Persons last mentioned elected the Petitioner to be a Burgess, and returned both the said Roger Wilbraham and the Petitioner accordingly; and that the Petitioner, as well as the Burgesses of the said Borough, are aggrieved by such Return, as the said Portreeve ought only to have returned the said David Howell and the Petitioner Burgesses: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Name of the said Roger Wilbraham may be erased from such Return, and the Petitioner have such Relief as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Downton A Petition of the Honourable Henry Seymour Con-

Election. way? atlc| Robert Shqfto, Esquire, was read; Setting

forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioners and the Honourable Edward Bouverie, and William Scotty Esquire, Doctor of Laws, were Candidates; and that the said Election came on at Dmnton, aforesaid, on the Fifth Day of April last, and a Poll being demanded, the same was taken before Henry Harrison, Esquire, the proper Returning Officer for the said Borough, when a great Majority of legal Votes appeared in Favour of the Petitioners, who were thereupon declared by the said Returning Officer to be duly elected, and have been accordingly returned by him as Burgesses to serve in ' Parliament for the said Borough; but that John Dagge, Gentleman, did, at the same Time, without any legal Authority, claim, and take upon himself, the Office of Returning Officer for the said Borough, and did then and there take a Poll, and partially and illegally rejected a great Number of legal Votes which were tendered for the Petitioners at the said Poll so taken by the said John Dagge, and received a great Number of illegal Votes in Favour of the said Edward Bouverie and William Scott, and did thereupon declare that the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the said Edward Bouverie and William Scott, and that they were duly elected, whereas in Truth a great Majority

of the legal Votes given or tendered at the said Poll so taken by the said John Dagge was in Favour of the Petitioners; and that the said John Dagge bath taken upon himself falsely, partially, and illegally, to make a Return of the said Edward Bouverie and William Scott as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and declare,

that the said Return of the Petitioners, so made by the said Henry Harrison as aforesaid, is the legal Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and that the Petitioners are duly elected Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and also to grant to the Petitioners such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 18th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday the 18th " and inserting the Words " Thursday the 17th" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Friday the 18th" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday the 17th" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 17th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

No Petitions of the Second Class, described in the Election Resolution of the House, were delivered in at the Petitions. Table.

Then several other Petitions were delivered in at the Table, as complaining of Returns only: And the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order:

A Petition of Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, relating to the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, was read.

And it appearing to the House, that the said Petition complained as well of the Merits of the Election as of the Return for the said Borough, the same was, by the Direction of the House, withdrawn from this Class.

A Petition of John Ixrwther, Esquire, relating to the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read.

And it appearing to the House, that the said Petition also complained as well of the Merits of the Election as of the Return for the said Borough, the same was, by the Direction of the House, withdrawn from this Class.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Henley Bedford Ongley, Lord Ongley of the Kingdom of Ireland, was Election, read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Bedford, the Petitioner, together with the Right honourable John Earl of Upper Ossory, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, were Candidates; and that William Lugsden, of Little Stoughton, in the County of Bedford, Yeoman,

William Day, of Eaton Socon, in the said County,

Miller, and the Reverend Deciimis Reynolds, of Clop-hill, in the said County, Clerk, were admitted by William Goldsmith, Esquire, who was the Sheriff of the said County, to vote, and severally gave their Votes, at the said Election, for the Petitioner; but the Votes of the said William Lugsden and William Day were taken down in the Sheriff’s Poll Book as given for the said Earl of Upper Ossory and St. Andrew St, John, and the Vote of the said Dccimus Reynolds was

not

Westminster

Election.

24 Geo. III. iCMaii 13

not entered in the Sheriffs Poll Book, though he took the Freeholders Oath, and in Fact voted singly for the Petitioner; and that, previous to the Close of the Poll, the Mistake of the Sheriffs Clerk, with regard to the Vote of the said William Lugsden, was discovered, and Application was made to the Sheriff to correct such Mistake, and perfect and complete Evidence wfas offered to satisfy him of the same; but the said Sheriff absolutely refused to enquire into and correct any Mistake which his own Clerks might have made, and thereupon declared that the Numbers on the Poll were, for the said Earl of Upper Ossory 10,50, for the said St. Andrew St. John 974, and for the Petitioner 973, and falsely made his Return in Favour of the said Earl of Upper Ossory and St. Andrew St. John, whereas in Truth, of the Votes actually given and received by the said Sheriff at the said Election, a greater Number was given in Favour of the Petitioner than in Favour of the said St. Anch'ew St. John, and the said Sheriff ought to have returned the Petitioner as one of the Members chosen by the Freeholders to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Bedford, instead of the said St. Andrew St* John: And therefore praying, That the said false Return of the said Sheriff.may be amended, and the Petitioner’s Name inserted therein in the Stead and Place of the said St. Andrew St. John, and that an early Day may'be appointed for taking the Merits of this Petition into Consideration, and that the Petitioner may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 22d Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition does not relate to the Return only;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for foe Y} 66.

Tellers for foe Noes,{"j; } 2,°'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 22d Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Two Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, the Right honourable Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Baron Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, a Poll being demanded, the same was opened by Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, on the 1st Day of April 1784, and continued from Day to Day, Sundays excepted, until the 17th Day of May, being the Day before the Day on which this present Parliament was summoned to meet, and when the Writs for the Election of Members to serve therein were commanded to be returned; on which said 17th Day of May, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, the said Thomas Corbett finally closed the said Poll; and that the Numbers upon the said Poll, at the final Close of the same were as follows, viz. For Lord Hood 6694 — For the Petitioner 6233 — For Sir Cecil Wray *5998; and that, in consequence of an Agreement proposed by Lord Viscount Mahon, pa the Part Vol. 40.

of Lord Hood and Sir Cecil Wray, and entered into between the said Candidates at the Commencement of the said Poll, Eleven Inspectors on each Side, and Five Friends on each Side, constantly attended the said Poll, and no Vote, to which any Objection was made, was received for the Petitioner on the said Poll, without an Appeal to the presiding Officer, and his Decision that such Vote was good; and that, in the early Part of the said Poll, Sir Cecil Wray obtained a Majority of Votes thereon, to the Number of 318, and that, from the Time such Majority began to be diminished, to the final Close of the said Poll, almost every Vote which was tendered for the Petitioner was vehemently contested, and every Objection w'hich could be suggested, either by Inspectors, Friends, or Counsel, was made thereto; and that the said Poll was finally closed by the said Thomas Corbett, neither by the Consent of the Candidates, nor after a certain Interval without the Tender of any Vote, but by his the Bailiff’s own Authority, because the King’s Writ to the Sheriff commanded the same to be returned by the 18th Day of May 1784; and that the said Precept from the Sheriff to the Bailiff of Westminster, after informing the said Bailiff that he the said Sheriff had received a certain Writ of the King to him directed, which is in such Precept set out in the very Words thereof, commands the said Bailiff to cause Two Citizens to be elected for the said City, according to the Exigency of the said Writ, and in what Manner he shall have executed that Precept, immediately after the said Election, to make known to the said Sheriff so that he may certify the same to the King in His Chancery, as by the said Writ he is commanded; and that not only the plain and precise Terms of the said Writ and Precept, but the constant and invariable Usage of Parliament, require a Return of Members to serve in Parliament on or before the 18th Day of May, being, in this Instance, the Day on which the Parliament was summoned to meet; and that the Act of the Tenth and Eleventh of King William the Third, Chap. 7, doth positively and unequivocally require the Sheriff, or other Officer, having the Execution and Return of any Writ for the Election of Members to serve in any new Parliament summoned and called, to make Return of the same on or before the Day that such Parliament shall be called to meet; and that, after the final Close of the said Poll, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, on the 17th Day of May, a Scrutiny of the said Poll was demanded on Behalf of Sir Cecil Wray, which was immediately objected to by the Petitioner, who strongly urged that such Scrutiny could not be proceeded upon by the said Bailiff after the Time on which, by Law, he was required to return the said Writ, and that, when he had finally closed the said Poll, because by Law he had no Power to continue the same any longer, it would be inconsistent and absurd to grant a Scrutiny into such Poll, to commence and be proceeded upon by him after his Power to continue such Poll was terminated; yet the said Bailiff did take upon him, contrary to the Exigency of the Writ, the positive Injunctions of the said Statute, and the invariable Law and L^sage of Parliament, in the most arbitrary and illegal. Manner, to declare that he would grant such Scrutiny, to commence and be proceeded upon after the Day appointed for the Return of the Writs for summoning this Parliament; and that, immediately after the final Close of the Poll, and casting up the Numbers, which appeared to be in favour of Lord Hood and the Petitioner, the Electors of the said City and Liberty caused an Indenture of Return of Lord Hood and the Petitioner, executed by the said Electors, to be tendered to the said High Bailiff, but he positively refused to accept or to execute the same; and that, notwithstanding such Pretence of granting a Scrutiny, the said Bailiff, being well aw^re that be was bound E by

Westminster

Election.

*4

*5

Mail

A. 1784.

by Law to make a Return on or before the said 18th Day of May, and that it was not lawful for him, on any Pretence, to refuse or neglect to make a Return, did, on the said 17th Day of May, make to the Sheriff of Middlesex the Return herein after set forth; and that the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex has made the following Return to the Clerk of the Crown: " The Sheriff of the County of Middlesex certifies and " returns that, by virtue of the Writ to him directed,

" he, on the 26th Day of , in the Twenty-

" fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, duly " made and delivered his Precept to the Bailiff of the " Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate " Church of Saint Peter at , whereby he " commanded him, without Delay, to cause Two " Citizens to be elected for the said City; and that, " on the 17th May,in the Year aforesaid, he did " receive from the said Bailiff a Return or Answer to " the said Precept, and which he hath annexed to the " Writ to him the said Sheriff directed, and which " Return or Answer is in the Words and Figures following: — Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the Liberty of " the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of " Saint Peter at Westminster, in the County of " sex, doth hereby certify unto the Sheriff of the said " County of Middlesex, that, by virtue of a certain " Precept, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of March last, " and on the same Day delivered to him the said * Bailiff by the said Sheriff, for the Election of Two " Citizens to serve in the ensuing Parliament for the " City of Westminster, and by virtue of the Writ " therein recited (Proclamation of the Premises in the said Precept first mentioned, of the Day and " Place, as in the said Precept is directed, first being " made) he the said Bailiff did proceed to the Election of Two Citizens to serve in the ensuing Parliament for the said City of Westminster, on the First " Day of April now last past; on which Day appeared, " and were put in Nomination, the Three Candidates " herein after named, and a Poll being demanded, he " the said Bailiff did forthwith proceed to take the " said Poll, and continued to take the same Day by " Day, during Six Hours each Day, viz. from Nine in the Forenoon to Three in the Afternoon, until " the Day of the Date of these Presents, inclusive; " on which Day the said Poll was finally closed, when " the Numbers on the said Poll, for the said several " Candidates, stood as follows, viz. For the Right " honourable Sir Samuel Hoad, Baronet, Baron Hood " of the Kingdom of Ireland, 6694 — For the Right " honourable Charles James Fox 6233 — For Sir Cecil " Wray, Baronet, 5998; and the said Bailiff further " sets forth, that, on the said final Close of the Poll, " a Scrutiny was duly demanded in Behalf of the said " Sir Cecil Wray, which Scrutiny the said Bailiff has " granted, for die Purpose of investigating the Legality of the Votes more accurately than could be " done upon the said Poll; and the said Scrutiny so " granted is now pending and undetermined; and, by

as aforesaid, has conducted himself in a Manner equally arbitrary, illegal, unconstitutional, and unprecedented, and which, if countenanced, would not only totally subvert the ancient Forms of Election of Members to serve in Parliament, but would defeat all the wise Ends for which those Forms were at first adopted, and have since hitherto invariably prevailed; and that the Petitioner conceives, and is advised, that the said Return is highly injurious to the Petitioner, a palpable Breach of Duty in the said Bailiff, an open Violation of the Act of Parliament, a wilful Disobedience to the Writ, and a manifest Disregard of the invariable Law and Usage of Parliament, and, therefore complains to the House of the said Return so made by the said Bailiff to the Sheriff of Middlesex, and by the said Sheriff annexed to the said Writ for Middlesex, returned by him to the Clerk of the Crown: And therefore paying the House to take the same into immediate Consideration, and to order the said Bailiff forthwith to execute the said Indenture of Return so tendered tp him, and to make a proper and perfect Return to be annexed to the said Writ for Middlesex, or to give the Petitioner such further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 8th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition does not come within the Description of a Petition complaining of an undue Election or Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, the Proceedings upon which are regulated by Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;

Mr. Fox withdrew.

Resolved, That the said Petition does not come within the Description of a Petition complaining of an undue Election or Return of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, the Proceedings upon which are regulated by Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be withdrawn.

Then the Residue of the Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, now ready to be offered to the House, were delivered in at the Table: And the Names of the Places, to which the said Petitions related, reason of the Premises, the said Bailiff humbly con- were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the ceives he cannot make any other or further Return., Clerk in the following Order:

to the said Precept than as hereinbefore is contained, until the said Scrutiny shall be determined, " which he fully intends to proceed upon with all " practicable Dispatch. In Witness whereof, he the " said. Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the said Liberty, " hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal, the Seventeenth Day of May, in the Year of Our Lord One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four. Thomas

" Corbett, Bailiff. ancj that the said Bailiff,

in refusing to execute the said Indenture tendered to him, and to return the Petitioner as one of the Two Citizens duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said City, according to the usual Course of Proceeding in such Cases, and in the common and established Form of Returns, and in making such special Return 5

A Petition of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, was read; Bridgewater Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to Election, serve in Parliament for the Borough of,

in the County of Somerset, the Honourable Anne Pou-lett, Alexander Hood, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and the issuing of the Writ for the Election, and previous to and during the Poll, by themselves and their Agents, and by other Ways and Means on the Behalf and at the Charge of the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood, did give, present, and allow to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, in order to procure

themselves

4 Geo. III. 25 0 Mai 1

themselves to be elected for the said Borough; and that the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hoody previous to and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as duly elected; and that, by the said and other undue Means, the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood obtained a Majority on the Poll, and were returned accordingly, in Prejudice of the Petitioner and the Electors of the said Borough, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 24th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ivelchester A Petition of John Har court, Esquire, and Sir Samuel Election# Hannay, Baronet, was read; Setting forth, That, at the

late General Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, Peregrine Oust, Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that the said Mr. Cast and Mr. Hopkins, previously to and during the Election, by themselves, their Friends, and Agents, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, by giving and promising Money, Securities for Money, and other Rewards, to the Voters of the said Borough, whereby, and by other illegal and corrupt Means, many of the Voters of the said Borough were induced and prevailed on to give their Votes at the said Election for the said Mr. Oust and Mr. Hopkins; and that many Persons who had no Right to vote were on the Poll admitted by the Returning Officer to vote for the said Mr. Cast and Mr. Hopkins \ and, by the aforesaid and other undue and corrupt Means, the said Mr. Oust and Mr. Hopkins obtained a colourable Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and were accordingly returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ivelchester , in Violation of the sacred Purity of Election, in Derogation of the Rights of the legal and uncorrupted Electors of the said Borough, and in Preju-'' dice of the Petitioners, who, having a Majority of

\ legal and uncorrupted Votes on the Poll, were duly

I elected, and ought to have been returned Members

for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 29th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ditto. A Petition of John Pitt, John Shorland, and others, Electors in the Borough of Ivelchester, was also read; Setting forth, That, at the last General Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, John Harcourt, Esquire, Sir Samuel Hannay, Baronet,

I Peregrine Oust, Esquire, and Benjamin Bond Hopkins,

Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Peregrine Cust canvassed the said Borough by his Agents only, and did not appear at the Timfe of the Poll; and that the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins offered himself as a Candidate but a few Days previous to the Day of Election, before which Time he was not known within the said Borough; and that the said Peregrine Cust and Benjamin Bond Hopkins, by themselves and Agents,

I were severally guilty of many flagrant and gross Acts of Bribery and Corruption, giving and distributing Money to many of the Voters, and promising to several others of them Money and other Rewards to give Vol. 40.

their Votes for the said Peregrine Cust and Benjamin Bond Hopkins at that Election, by reason whereof, and various other Means of undue Influence, the said Peregrine Cust and Benjamin Bond Hopkins procured themselves to be unduly elected and returned as Members for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the said John Harcourt and Sir Samuel Hannay, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as the Members, in direct Violation of the Freedom of Election, and to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners and the uncorrupt Voters in the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into. Consideration at the saipe Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, was read; Colchester Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members Election* to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, which began on Wednesday the 31 st of March last, Sir Edmund Affleck, Baronet, Christopher Potter, Esquire, and the Petitioner were Candidates; and that the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned, but William Scaber, Esquire, Mayor of the said Borough, who presided as the Returning Officer at the said Election, behaved himself with the greatest Partiality in Favour of the said Christopher Potter, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right of voting, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and by admitting on the Poll, for the said Christopher Potter, the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote, and ought to have been rejected; and that the said Christopher Potter, by his Agents and Friends, previous to and during the Election, w»as guilty of Bribery and other illegal and corrupt Practices, by which Means, and many other undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices of the said Christopher Potter, his Friends, and Agents, the said Christopher Potter procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges. of the Electors for the said Borough of Colchester; and that a Commission of Bankrupt was issued against the said Christopher Potter on the 17th of April 1783, and he was thereupon found and declared a Bankrupt, and on the Second Day of the Month of May following an Assignment of all his Estate and Effects whatsoever was made for the Benefit of his Creditors, and that at such Time the said Christopher Potter had no Freehold Estate whatsoever, and from the Estate and Effects of the said Christopher Potter, the Petitioner is informed, no more than Two Shillings and Six Pence in the Pound has been paid to his Creditors; and for these Reasons the Petitioner begs Leave to represent to the House, that the said Christopher Potter had not, at the Time of the said Election, such an Estate, in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, of and in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected and returned to serve as a Member for the said Borough, according to the Law in that Behalf made and provided, and that the said Christopher Potter was not capable of being elected and returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 1st Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or

lyme Regis Election

Ditto.

Ashburtoa

Election

16 Mail A. 1784.

or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of fie Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Robert Wood> Esquire, and John Cator, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, the Honourable Henry Fane} the Honourable Thomas Fane, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that, at the Poll taken upon the said Election, before William Peterson, the Returning Officer, a great Majority of legal Electors appeared in Favour of the Petitioners, some of whom actually voted, and the rest of them tendered their Votes, for the Petitioners; and that the said Returning Officer, during the Time of taking the said Poll, acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said Henry Fane and Thomas Fane, and admitted so many illegal Votes in their Favour, and rejected so many legal Votes which were duly tendered in Favour of the Petitioners, as to leave a Majority upon the Face of the Poll in Favour of the said Henry Fane and Thomas Fane, under Colour whereof the said Henry Fane and Thomas Fane were returned, although the Petitioners were duly elected by a great Majority, and ought to have been returned; and that several of the Votes, given at the said Election, in Favour of the said Henry Fane and Thomas Fane, were procured by them, and their Agents, by Means of Bribery and Corruption: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 6th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being resident Freemen, and resident Freeholders, of and in the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, the Honourable Henry Fane, the Honourable Thomas Fane, Robert Wood\ Esquire, and John Cator, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, at the Poll taken upon the said Election, William Peterson, the Returning Officer, permitted many Persons to vote, who, not being resident within the said Borough, had no Right so to do, and refused to admit several others, being resident Freeholders, who had a Right as such to have given their Votes at the said Election, whereby the said Henry Fane and Thomas Fane were unduly returned, although the said Robert Wood and John Cator were duly elected by a very great Majority, and ought to have been returned; which Proceedings of the said Returning Officer the Petitioners apprehend to be a Violation of the Rights of themselves, and others, the legal Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief thereupon as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, was read; Setting forth, That, at a Court held in the Borough of Ashburton, On Monday the 5th Day of April 1784, by William Winsor and Joseph Sunter, Portreeves and Returning n

Officers of the said Borough, for the Purpose of electing Two Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, and Robert Mackreth, Esquire, having been put in Nomination as Candidates, John Tonkin, an Elector of the said Borough, stated some Objections to such Nomination, and himself nominated the Petitioner to the said Returning Officers, and recommended him to the Electors then there assembled as a fit and proper Person to be one of the Representatives of the said Borough of Ashburton in Parliament, and accordingly demanded a Poll to be opened for the said Sir Ralph Payne, which Nomination, Recommendation, and Demand, were seconded by John Winsor, another Elector of the said Borbugh; and that the Petitioner being thus proposed, the other Tw'o Candidates then in Nomination, Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, and Robert Mackreth, Esquire, who were both personally present, produced on Oath their respective Qualifications, under the Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, to sit in Parliament, and the like Qualification of the Petitioner was by some of the Electors required to be then and there immediately produced, previous to the Admission of the Petitioner as a Candidate, or to the opening of any Poll for him; and that the Petitioner not being in Person present, the said Requisition could not be then complied with, and it was insisted on Behalf of the Petitioner, that the Law did not require the Production of his Qualification at the Place of Election previous to his being received as a Candidate, or to the opening of a Poll for him, yet the said Returning Officers, partially contriving to procure the Return of the said Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, and Robert Mackreth, Esquire, did in Breach of their Duty, refuse to admit the Petitioner as a Candidate to represent the said Borough of Ashburton in Parliament, and to open a Poll for him, to the great Injury of the Petitioner, and in manifest Violation of the Freedom of Election; and that, in pursuance of the said partial and illegal Design of the said Returning Officers to procure the Return of the said Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, and Robert Mackreth, Esquire, the said Returning Officers did then and there proceed to open a Poll for the said Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, and Robert Mackreth, Esquire, together with the Right honourable Fredtrick Lord North, to the Exclusion of the Petitioner, and have returned the said Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, and Robert Mackreth, Esquire, duly elected Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ashburton; and that the Petitioner did, on the j 7th Day of May Instant, before William Addington and Edmund Kelly, Esquires, Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, duly take the Oath of Qualification, prescribed by the Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for securing the Freedom of Parliaments by the further qualifying the Members to sit in the House of Commons; and that the Petitioner conceives, and is advised, that sue hr partial and illegal Conduct of ’the said Portreeves, Returning Officers of the said Borough of Ashburton, touching the said Election and Return of Members to serve, in Parliament for the said Borough of Ashburton, has rendered such Election and Return null and void: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant him such Relief, and take such other Measures thereupon, as the Nature of his Case shall, in the Judgment of the House, require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 8th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on th© Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition

Pontefract

Election.

24 Geo. III. ac° Maii. 17

A Petition of Joshua Smith and George Jackson, Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Petnyn, in the County of Cornwall, Sir Francis Bassett, Baronet, Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that Eduard Hodge, the Portreeve of the said Borough, who presided as the Returning Officer at the said Election, shewed a great and manifest Partiality in Favour of the said Sir Francis Bassett and Sir John Saint Aubyn, and in the Course of the Poll rejected the Votes of many Persons who had a right to vote, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and did admit many Persons to vote for the said Sir Francis Bassett 'and Sir John Saint Aubyn who had no Right whatsoever to vote in the Election of Members to represent the said Borough; and that the said Sir Francis Bassett and Sir John Saint Aubyn, by themselves and their Agents on their Behalf, and others by their Privity and Direction, previous to and during the said Election, were guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, in order to procure themselves to be elected, and for the same Purpose did, by Promises and other undue Influence, of themselves, their Friends, and Agents, prevent, and attempt to prevent, divers Persons from voting for the Petitioners; and that by the Means aforesaid a colourable Majority of Votes appeared upon the Poll for the said Sir Francis Bassett and Sir John Saint Aubyn, and the said Portreeve returned them as Burgesses duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned duly elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that such Proceedings are in Prejudice of the Rights of a Majority of the legal Electors of the said Borough, in Violation of the Laws of Elections, and to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 13th day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the honourable William Cockayne and John Walsh, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That Pontefract is an ancient Borough of Burgage Tenure, and an ancient Corporation; that the Corporation consists solely of Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent, and the only Persons, legally entitled to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, are such as have within the said Borough a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent; and that at the last Election there for Members to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, John Smyth, and TFilliam Southeron, Esquires, together with the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that, in open Violation of the Right of the real Electors of the said Borough, John Seaton, Esquire, the Mayor and Returning Officer, took upon himself arbitrarily to reject the Votes of One hundred and Twenty-eight Persons, Laving within the said Borough a Freehold of Burgage Tenure., paying a Burgage Rent, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and permitted a great Number of Persons to poll for the said John Smyth and William Southeron, who had no Right to vote, and returned the said John Smyth and William Southeron, though the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, to grant them such Relief as they shall appear to merit, Vox,. 40.

and to do further therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 8th day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Pontefract thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses Electors for Election. Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and divers other Burgesses Electors of the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That Pontefract is an ancient Borough of Burgage Tenure, and an ancient Corporation; that the Corporation consists of Persons having Freeholds of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent, and of no others, and down to 1768 there appears by the Journals to have been several contested Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that at neither of such contested, nor at any other Elections there down to that Time, did any other Persons vote than such as were Freeholders of Burgage Tenure of the said Borough; and that, upon a Contest in 1768, the Return having been made by Freeholders of Burgage Tenure only, agreeably to the Constitution and uninterrupted Usage of the Borough, an Attempt was made for the first Time by the then Petitioners, and by Persons calling themselves Electors, to overthrow the Right of Election in the Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, and to establish a Right in the Inhabitants Householders, Resiants within the said Borough; and that the said Petition w^as heard at the Bar of the House, on the 6th of February 1770, and at the said Hearing Tw o obscure Entries in Two Journals of the 28th of May 1624, different in Expression, w'ere read,

Counsel on both Sides were heard thereupon, and the House solemnly considered the same in a Debate of many Hours, when it was determined, upon a Division of 161 to 32, that the said Two Entries, appearing in Two several Journals of the same Date, should not be admitted to be read to the Counsel at the Bar as the last Determination of the House touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for that Borough, and thereupon the House permitted Evidence to be offered to establish the Right of Election in the Borough, and the Counsel proceeded accordingly to give Evidence, that the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract is in Persons having a Freehold of Burgage Tenure within the said Borough, paying a Burgage Rent; and that Witnesses were examined, Returns produced, and other Evidence given, to prove the said Right, and several Entries in the Journals of the House, and Reports from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching Elections for the Borough of Pontefract, were read, and the House, upon the whole, resolved, " That the " Right of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of " York, is in Persons having within the said Borough " a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage " Rent;" and that, at the Third Election which happened after the said Resolution, viz. at the General Election in 1774, the Inhabitants Householders, Resiants within the said Borough, in open Defiance of that clear and recent Determination of the House, repeated their Attempt to overturn the ancient Constitution of the said Borough, and destroy the Right of Election therein, by claiming a Right to poll, but their Votes were rejected by the Returning Officer; a Petition was, in consequence, presented against the Sitting Members, and referred to a Select Committee of the House, when the first Question before the said Committee was, whether the aforesaid Entries in the Two Journals of the 28th of May 1624, or either of them, or the Resolution of the House of the 6th of February 1770, should be read, as the last Determination of the House of Commons touching the Legality

F of

18 a50 Mali. 1784.

of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for the as shall be thought necessary by the several Par-Borough of Pontefract, within the Intent and JVIean- ties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the scud Pe-ing of the Act of the Second of George the Second, titions.

Chapter the 34th, which Question was solemnly argued

by Counsel on each Side before the said Commit- A Petition of John Sinclair, Esquire, of Ulbster, was Kirkwall,&c. tee, who thereupon resolved, " That the Counsel be read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candi- Election.

" restrained from offering any Evidence touching date at the last Election.of a Member to serve in Parthe Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall\

" liament for the Borough of Pontefract, contrary to Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, in Scotland, which the last Determination of the House of the 6th of Election was held on Monday the 26th Day of April " February 1770;" and afterwards, upon the Ques- 1784; and that, at the said Election, John Gordon, tion, whether the Sitting Members, who had been Esquire, of Carrol, and John Campbell Sutherland, returned by the Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, were Esquire, of Forse, the Delegates for the Boroughs of duly elected, decided their Seats in their Favour, con- JVick and Dornoch, duly chosen and appointed for formably to the Right of Election established by the those Boroughs, voted for the Petitioner; and John said last Determination in the House of the 6th of Riddoch, Esquire, Major General Charles Ross, and February 1770-, and that at the next General Election Duncan Munro, of Culcairn, pretending to have the in 1780, all Disputes concerning the Right of Elec- legal Commissions, and to have been duly chosen De-tion seeming to be at Rest, there was no Contest; and legates from the Boroughs of Kirkwall, Tain, and that, at an Election for One Representative in 1783, Dingwall, voted for the Right honourable Charles the Dispute revived, a Contest ensued, the Return was James Fox; and that the Commission produced by the made upon the Burgage Tenure Votes only, in pur- said John Riddoch, Esquire, as Commissioner or Dele-auance of the last Determination in the House of the gate for the Borough of Kirkwall, was not only in 6th of February 1770, and the true Constitution of the itself void and null, having been brought about by Borough; a Petition upon the Claim of Right in the open Force and Violence, contrary to the Votes given Inhabitants Householders, Resiants, was presented by a Majority of the legal Electors, and not having against the Sitting Member, and the Select Com- the Common Seal of the Town, appended by the mittee, instituted upon that Occasion, decided the Town Clerk, according to an express Act of Parlia-Seat in Favour of the Petitioner, rendering nugatory, ment to that Effect, but also, the said Borough of in that Instance, the last Determination in the House Kirkwall had no Right or Title to send or make of the 6th of February 1770, from the Time of which Choice of a Delegate to vote at the said Election, on Decision, to the late Dissolution of Parliament, the Account of the Want and unjust Exclusion of certain Two Representatives of Pontefract sat in the House of constituent Members, essentially necessary to have Commons upon Two contradictory Titles; and that, been present, by the Set and Constitution of the Bo-in consequence of that Success, the same Persons rough; and that the Commission produced by the renewed the same Claim at the last General Election, said Major General Ross is void and null, in respect when John Walsh, Esquire, the honourable William that the said Commission bears, That David Ross,

Cockayne, Sir Rowland Winn, Baronet, John Smyth, Writer in Tain, was appointed Assessor, to act in the Esquire, and William Southeron, Esquire, were Candi- Absence of the said Major General Charles Ross, which dales, and John Seaton, Esquire, the Mayor of the is manifestly contrary to Law, no Borough being enti-said Borough, took on himself to reject the Votes of tied to name above One Commissioner; and that the One hundred and Twenty-eight Freeholders of Bur- said Duncan Munro, Esquire, of Culcairn, was not gage Tenure, who tendered their Votes for the said entitled to give a Vote at the said Election, in repect he John Walsh and William Cockayne, and admitted to did not produce the Precept of the Sheriff of Ross to the vote for the said John Smyth and William Southeron, a Magistrates of Dingwall, nor any Evidence that the great Number of Persons who had no other Pretence Orders and Directions of the Legislature, in regard to

of Right than as Householders, Inhabitants Resiants the Choice of a Commissioner, had been complied

within the said Borough, and thereby gave a coloura- with, nor any Authority upon which his Commission ble Majority to the said John Smyth and William was founded; and that the said Right honourable

Southeron, and returned the said John Smyth and Wil- Charles James Fox was ineligible, not being a legal

Ham Southeron as duly elected to serve in the present qualified Burgess in any one of the said Boroughs,

Parliament for the said Borough, although the said and having no Connection with, or Property in them,

John Walsh and William Cockayne had a Majority of nor paying Tax and Stent to His Majesty, according legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And to the Laws and Acts of Parliament directing the same; that the Petitioners, desirous of preserving the Rights and also, that his Election is contrary to an Act of the incident to them as Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, Scots Parliament, for settling the Manner of electing and of being relieved from the Disturbances to which Sixteen Peers and Forty-five Commoners to represent they dre exposed at every Election from the Claim set Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain, which Act up by the Inhabitants Householders, Resiants, in Con- declares that none shall be capable to elect, or be tempt of the last Determination in the House of the elected, to represent a Shire or Burgh in the Parlia-6th of February 1770, therefore pray the House will ment of Great Britain for Scotland, except such as were take such Measures as to them may seem meet, not then capable at the Time of the Union to elect, or be only for redressing the Injury which has been done to elected, Commissioners for Shires or Boroughs to the the Petitioners in the Return of the said John Smyth Parliament of Scotland, which no Person was capable and William Southeron as Representatives in Parliament of, being born out of Scotland, unconnected with that for the Borough of Pontefract, but also for establishing Country, and who had no Estate or Property therein; in future the Legality of the Votes of the Petitioners, and that the Petitioner having had the Votes of the and other Persons having within the said Borough Delegates of the Boroughs of Wick and Doimoch at Freeholds of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage the Election aforesaid, and the Delegate or Commis-Rent. sioner from Wick having also declared, that in the

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Event of an Equality of Votes, by the Incapacity of Consideration at the same Time that the last pre- any one or more of the Four other Commissioners, that ceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consi- he gave his casting or decisive Voice in Favour of the ' deration. Petitioner, he had thereby a Majority of legal Votes,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, notwithstanding which, the said Right honourable or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, Charles James Fox has been returned as the Burgess

1 duly

24 Geo. III. 25°

x9

Saltash

Election.

Oikhampton

Election.

duly elected to serve in Parliament for the aforesaid District of Boroughs, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, to permit him to be heard by Counsel, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 15th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Gordon, commonly called Lord Strathaven, and John Curtis, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, and the Right honourable Chai'ks Jenkinson and Charles Ambler, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Mr. Nicholas Mill, the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, behaved himself with Partiality in favour of the said Charles Jenkinson and Charles Ambler, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right of voting at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and by admitting on the Poll, for the said Charles Jenkinson and Charles Ambler, the Votes of several Persons who had no right of voting, and ought to have been rejected; and thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Charles Jenkinson and Charles Ambles", and they were returned duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Saltash: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 20th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Humphry Minchin, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, which began on Monday the 5th Day of April 1784, the Petitioner, the Right honourable George Capel Conningsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, and John Lurmoore, Esquire, and Thomas Wig gens, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner and the said George Capel Conningsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, were duly elected, and ought, in Justice, to have been returned as Members to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; but that Henry Lurmoore, then Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, was very partial in favour of the said John Lurmoore and Thomas Wiggens, admitting many Persons to poll for them who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and rejecting many Persons who were entitled to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, and the said George Capel Coimingsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden; by means whereof, and of other undue and illegal Practices of the said Returning Officer, and of the said John Lurmoore and Thomas Wiggens, the said John Lurmoore and Thomas Wiggens are returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the said George Capel Conningsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden: And therefore praying, That the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and

Vol. 40.

that such Relief may be granted to the Petitioner therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 10th Day of June next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 2 2d Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Christopher Cunningham Vickry, Noah Cartwright, John Youlden, Henry Gale, Joseph Harris, Henry Jole, William Jole, John Lane, John Limebear, William Weekes, Edward Palt ridge, Thomas Earle, and Thomas Gliddon, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, in Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the same Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, which began on Monday the 5th Day of April 1784, the Right honourable George Capel Conningsby, Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, Humphry Minchin, Esquire, John Lurmoore, Esquire, and Thomas Wiggens, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Lord Viscount Malden, and Humphry Minchin, Esquire, were duly elected, and ought, in Justice, to have been returned ' as Members to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; but that Henry Lurmoore, then Mayor and returning Officer of the said Borough, was very partial in favour of the said John Lurmoore and Thomas Wiggens, admitting many Persons to poll for them who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and rejecting many Persons who were entitled to vote, and offered to poll for the said Lord Malden and Mr. Minchin; by means whereof, and of other undue and illegal Practices of the said Returning Officer, and of the said John Lurmoore and Thomas Wiggens, the said John Lurmoore and Thomas Wiggens are returned as duly elected, to the great Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and that such Relief may be granted to the Petitioners therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Charles Alexander Crickett, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late General Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipsunch, in the County of Suffolk, William Middleton, Esquire, John Cat or, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, upon the closing the Poll upon the Third Day of April last, the Numbers of Voters for the said William Middleton appeared to be 460, for the said John Cator 297, and for the Petitioner 7; and that after the Teste and issuing of the Writ, and previous to the said Election, and during the Time of the said John Cator s canvassing the said Borough, he had, by himself or his Agents and Manager?, been guilty of a most notorious and flagrant Attempt to bribe the Corporation of Ipswich, to elect him a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by offering a large Sum of Money to the said Corporation, or to some Person or Persons for that Purpose; and that after the Teste and issuing of the said Writ, the said John Cator, by himself and his Agents and Managers, made very large Promises of Presents and Rewards to the Electors of the said Borough, or some of them, if he, the said

John

Oakhampton

Election.

Ipswich

Election.

20

259 Mali. 1784.

John Color, should be elected and returned to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that, after the Teste and issuing of the said Writ, the said John Cator, by himself and his Agents and Managers, made very large Promises of Presents and Rewards to many of the Electors of the said Borough, if they, the said Electors, would vote for the said John Cator at the Election of Members to be returned to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that, after the Teste and issuing out of the said Writ, and previous to the said Election, the said John Cator, by himself, or by his Agents and Managers on his Behalf, and at lus Charge, did give and allow to divers Persons, having Votes in such Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and did make Promises to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, to divers Persons having Votes in such Election, in order to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and the said John Cator, by himself or his Agents and Managers, by many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, did bribe and cor-mpdy procure a great Number of the Electors of the said Borough to vote for the said John Cator at the said Election; and that John Spoonei', Esquire, though One of the Bailiffs of the said Borough, and joint Returning Officer with Peter Clarke, Esquire, the other Bailiff of the said Borough, was an avowed Agent of the said John Cator, and did, under his express Direction, make use of divers corrupt and illegal Means to influence the Electors for the said Borough to give their Votes for the said John Cator at the said Election; and many of the said Electors did actually give their Votes for the said John Cator, in consequence of such corrupt and illegal Influence of the said John Spooner, one of the Bailiffs and Returning Officers as aforesaid; and that by means of those, and other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, the said John Cator did influence, obtain, and procure the said Number of 297 Votes, filled at the said Election for the said John Cator, and thereby obtained a Majority of corrupt Votes over the Petitioner, and was returned as one of the Members duly elected to represent the said Borough of Ipswich in Parliament; whereas if such corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices had not been used, the Petitioner would have had a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, and would have been returned a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that Justice may be done therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 1 oth Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Cricklade A Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert

Election. Nicholas, Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That at the

late General Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, Robert Adamson, Charles Westley Core, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that many indirect and unwarrantable Practices were made use of By the said Robert Adamson and Charles Westley Core, and also by other Persons in their Interests, to procure a colourable Majority for them, the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core; and that Richard Townsend was the Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, and before the Poll did attempt, by undue and improper Influence, to prevail upon Persons, who had no Right of voting, to appear and tender their Votes in favour of Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, promising, and giving them Reasons to believe, that he would admit them upon the Poll at all Events; and that during the Poll

the said Richard Townsend did behave himself with marked and continued Partiality and Preference towards Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, and did illegally and arbitrarily admit a great Number of Voters who had no Right to vote, nor were qualified in any Manner to give their Votes at such Election for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, and did wilfully and knowingly reject many Voters who were duly qualified to vote, and who tendered their Votes in favour of the Petitioners, and did, by a Variety of other undue and illegal Devices, attempt to procure a fraudulent and colourable Majority for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, and did, against the earnest and continued Remonstrances of the Petitioners and their Counsel, admit without proper and sufficient Enquiry all Persons to vote for Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, and did discourage all Enquiry into the Rights or Titles of those who tendered their Votes for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core; and that the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, by themselves and their Agents, before and at the said Election, were guilty of gross Bribery, in order to corrupt the Voters of the said Borough; and as well by giving! as by promising to give, Money and other Rewards "to the Voters of the said Borough, and by other illegal, corrupt, and indirect Means, did prevail on many of the Voters of the said Borough to give their Votes at the said Election for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core; and that in consequence thereof, and by the partial, arbitrary, and illegal Conduct of the Returning Officer, a colourable Majority of Votes was obtained for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, under which the said Returning Officer has endeavoured to protect himself for the illegal Return which he has made of the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, who had a clear Majority of legal and uncorrupted Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough, and in Subversion of the true and sacred Rights of Election, ami of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 27th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of George Byng, Esquire, was read; Set- Middlesex ting forth, That, at the last Election of Knights of the Election. Snire to serve in Parliament for the County of Middlesex', which came on at Brentford, in the said County, on the 22d Day of April last, the Petitioner, and John Wilkes, and William Alainwaring, Esquires, were Candidates; and that, before and during the said Election, the said John Wilkes, by himself and his Agents, was guilty of Bribery and other corrupt and illegal Practices, and did, by Bribery, Threats, Menaces, and undue Influence, procure divers of the Electors for the said County to vote for the said John Wilkes, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and that, at the said Election, a Poll being demanded and taken before the Sheriff for the said County, a Majority of legal Votes was given in favour of the Petitioner over the said John Wilkes, and the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Knights of the Shire for the said County; but the said Sheriff' admitted a great Number of illegal Votes in favour of the said John Wilkes, and rejected divers legal Votes which were tendered in favour of the Petitioner, and hath returned the said John Wilkes and William Mainwaring as the Two Persons duly elected to serve in Parliament as Knights of the Shire for the said County, whereas the Petitioner ought to have been returned as one of the Persons duly

elected

Lancaster

Election.

Preston

Election.

24 Geo. III. 25° Mali. 21

elected to serve in Parliament as Knight of the Shire for the said County, instead of the said John Wilkes: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Re-' lief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 29th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Lowther, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lancaster'y in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Abram Rmolin-son, Esquire, Francis Reynolds, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that divers unlawful and unwarrantable Practices were made use of by and on the Part of the said Abram Rawlinson and Francis Reynolds, as well before as during the Poll; and that, in the Course of the Poll, John Bowes the Mayor, and Doctor Campbell the Low Bailiffe of the said Borough, Two of the Returning Officers at the said Election, acted with great Partiality, and improperly rejected Numbers of legal Voters who tendered their Voices for the Petitioner, and admitting many Persons to vote for the said Abram Rawlinson and Francis Reynolds, who were not legally qualified so to do; and that the said Returning Officers admitted several on the Poll with Queries, in order to re-consider and determine on the Legality of such Votes at some subsequent Time before the Return should be made, which the said Mayor and Bailiffe refused to do, notwithstanding a Scrutiny was demanded on Behalf of the Petitioner, which the said Mayor and Bailiffe also refused to grant, and returned the said Abram Raxvlinson and Fi'ancis Reynolds as Burgesses for the said Borough, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That he may be heard by Counsel against the said Election and Return, and may be relieved in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 3d day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clayton, Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Sir Hemy Hoghton y Baronet, John Burgoyne, Esquire, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners were duly elected Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by a Majority of the Persons qualified to vote by the Constitution of the said Borough; notwithstanding which, William Green, Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, and James Cawburn and Joseph Seaton Aspden, Gentlemen, Bailiffs of the said Borough, presiding at the said Election as Returning Officers, thought fit, contrary to all Justice and Right, and in Violation of the Constitution of the said Borough, arbitrarily to admit a great Number of Persons to vote for the said Sir Hairy Hoghton and John Burgoyne, who had no Right to vote at the said Election; and, under a Colour of a pretended Majority of Votes thus illegally admitted, the said Mayor and Bailiffs have unduly returned the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne, as the Burgesses elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament, to the great Prejudice of the Persons entitled to vote by the

Vol. 40.

Constitution of the said Borbugh, and to vthe great In* jury of the Petitioners, who ought to have been returned the said Burgesses: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 5th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Preston thereunto subscribed, being Inn Burgesses, Inhabitants Election, within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also read; Setting forth,

That, at the late Election of Members to 9erve in Parliament for the said Borough of Preston, Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire, Ralph Clayton, Esquire, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, and John Burgoyne, Esquire, were Candidates; and William Green, Esquire, the present Mayor of the said Borough, and James Cowburn, Gentleman, and Joseph Seaton Aspden, Gentleman, Bailiffs of the said Borough, presided at such Election as the Returning Officers; and that, by the Constitution of the said Borough, no Person hath (as the Petitioners conceive, and doubt not to prove) any Right of voting upon the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, but Inn Burgesses of the said Borough, inhabiting within the same; and that, at the said Election, the said Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clayton had a Majority of legal Votes, according to the Constitution of the said Borough, and the said Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clayton ought therefore to have been returned the Tw'o Burgesses to serve for the said Borough in Parliament; but the said Returning Officers thought fit, contrary to all Justice, to admit a great Number of Persons, who had no Right to poll at the said Election, to give Votes for the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne, contrary to the Constitution of the said Borough, whereby a greater Number of Votes appeared on the Poll for the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne than for the said Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clayton; and, under Colour of such Majority, the said Mayor and Bailiffs did, contrary to the Protests of the said Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clayton, and the Petitioners, unjustly return the said Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne, as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in preference to the said Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clayton, who had a greater Number of legal Votes on the Poll than the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and others the legal Electors for the said Borough, and in Defiance of the Laws requiring fair Elections: And therefore praying,

That the House w ill take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Leggey Tregony commonly called Lord Viscount Lewisham, and John Election. Bettemorth, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, and the Right honourable Lloyd Kenyon, and Robert Kingsmill, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the said Lloyd Kenyon and Robert Kings* mill were guilty of Bribery and other corrupt Practices in procuring Persons to vote for them at the said G Election;

22

25° Mail. A. 1784.

Election; and that the Poll was taken before Mr. William Curgenven, Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, and a great Majority of Persons, legally entitled to vote at the said Election, voted, or tendered their Votes, for the Petitioners; but the said William Curgenven rejected many of their Votes, and admitted other Persons, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, to poll for the said Lloyd Kenyon and Robert Kingmill; and that several Officers in His Majesty’s Service, both in the Civil and Military Departments, took a very active Part in the said Election, and were guilty of various illegal Acts, in order either to disqualify, or prevent from voting, several Persons who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners; and by these, and other illegal and grossly partial Proceedings, the said Lloyd Kenyon and Robert Kingsmill procured a Majority on the Poll, and the said William Curgenven hath illegally and unwarrantably returned them as Members for the said Borough, without the Concurrence, and against the express and declared Sense, of a considerable Majority of the legal Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and give them such Relief as the Circumstances of the Case may appear to deserve.

Ordered\That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 10th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s

Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former

Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Address on Mr. John James Hamilton reported from the Corn-

King’s mittee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address

Speech. to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg Your Majesty will be assured, that we are animated with the warmest Sentiments of Loyalty, and an inviolable Attachment to our excellent Constitution, which are, we trust, inseparably united in the Hearts of Your Faithful Subjects.

We acknowledge, with the warmest Gratitude and Satisfaction, Your Majesty’s Wisdom and Goodness in recurring, at so important a Moment, to the Sense of Your People; and we trust that so seasonable an Exercise of the Power entrusted to Your Majesty by the Constitution will not fail to be attended by the most happy and beneficial Effects.

Your Majesty may be assured, that Your Faithful Commons will be ready to take proper Measures for the Application of the Sums voted in the last Parliament, and to grant such further Supplies as may

appear to be necessary; having the fullest Confidence that all Your Majesty’s Subjects will, from Loyalty to Your Majesty, and Zeal for the Interests of the Country, be ready to support those heavy Burthens which, in Consequence of a long and expensive W ar, are now unavoidable; and that they will be sensible of the Necessity of effectually providing for the Maintenance of the National Faith and the Public Credit, so essential to the Power and Prosperity of the State.

We also beg Leave to assure Your Majesty, that we shall apply our utmost Attention to the Means of preventing the increasing Frauds in the Revenue: That we shall take into our most serious Consideration such Commercial Regulations as the present Situation may immediately require.

That, in our Deliberations on the Affairs of The East India Company, so deeply connected with the general Interests of the Country, we shall be truly anxious to provide for the good Government of our Possessions in that Part of the World.

That we shall be careful never to lose Sight of the Effects which any Measure, to be adopted for the Purpose, may have on our excellent Constitution, and our dearest Interests at Home; and that we are deeply penetrated with the Gracious and Parental Expressions of Your Majesty’s Affection and Goodness to Your People, and have the most dutiful Reliance on Your Majesty’s Royal Attention to every Object of National Concern, and to the true Principles of our free Constitution, which can only be secured by maintaining, in their just Balance, the Rights and Privileges of every Branch of the Legislature.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to II is Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s mo&t honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to King’s both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration sPee, h to l* Tomorrow Morning. cons'dei

Then the Petition of the Right honourable Charles Westminster James For, relating to the late Election for the City Election, of Westminster, and to the Return, or Answer, of the Bailiff of the said City to the Precept of the Sheriff of Middlesex', and which Petition was this Day delivered in at the Table, and read, and was directed by the House to be then withdrawn, was presented to the House, and again read.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Friday Morning next, and that the Petitioner be then at Liberty to be heard by his Counsel in Support of the said Petition.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Thomas Corbett, Esquire, Bailiff of Persons t* the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate atteild-Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. . Grojan, Deputy to the Bailiff of the City of Westminster, do attend this House at tho same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4 Geo. III.

26° M

23

Mercurii, 26° die Mali;

Anno 240 Georgii IIIlli Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

Private Bills, p E SO L VE D, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills after the 16th Day of June next.

Kingap- The Lord Gallway reported to the House, That His attended. Majesty> hav*ng been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended Tomorrow, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Longnor A Petition of several of the Freeholders and Owners

Inclosure. of in the Open Fields and Undivided Inclosures,

and also of Lands and Tenements having a Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds lying within the Manor and Loidship of Longnor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford\ was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

’ That there are, within the said Manor and Lordship,

certain Open Fields and Undivided Inclosures, containing about 160 Acres, belonging to the Petitioners, and others; and also, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, containing about 300 Acres, on which the Petitioners, and other Freeholders, Owners of Messuages and Lands in the said Manor and Lordship, have Right of Common; and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Advantage to the Public in general, as well as to the Petitioners and all others having Right therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manuer as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pochin do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Levers

Museum.

A Petition and Representation bf Sir Ashton Lever, Knight, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the early Part of his Life, having a Turn for Natural History, began to collect Specimens and Articles of every Kind, and, being flattered by his great Success, resolved to remove his Museum to the Metropolis, not doubting but he could make it, by its Pre-eminence over all other Collections, of Public Benefit, and a National Honour; and that, notwithstanding the Difficulty and Expence of this Undertaking, he entered upon it with determined Spirit, and pursued it in such a Manner as to have secured every capital Article that has offered itself, and, by selecting out of some Hundred thousand Specimens, has actually formed a Collection superior to any Thing of the Kind in Europe, or perhaps to them all united, as it comprehends Subjects so rare and valuable as are not to be found in any other Cabinet; and that the Petitioner has persevered in this Pursuit at a very great Expence, encouraged by a firm Belief that it might be rendered worthy the Attention of the Public, in which he has been confirmed by the Opinion of Persons of the first Consequence, but it is nowr grown too great a Concern for an Individual; and that, notwithstanding this Collection has been made in Hopes that it would have been purchased for the Use and Benefit of the Public, yet Vol. 40.

from the critical Situation of the Times it has been thought improper to apply for the Indulgence of Parliament in the Mode he intended otherwise to have done,* and it cannot easily be disposed of in the common Way of Sale: And therefore praying, r£hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize and impower the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of the said Museum and Collection, and the several Pieces composing the same, in such Manner as the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall think proper, without being liable or subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament against any Sale or Sales by Way of Lottery, or Lots, Tickets, Numbers,' or Figures; and that such Sale or Sales, so to be made of the said Museum, and of the several Pieces composing the same, by the Petitioner, hb Executors, Adminbtrators, or Assigns, before a Day in the Act to be specified, may be good and valid, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding, or otherwise as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition and Representation be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ,

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, Sir William Middleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Governors of Elrington the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Inclosure. County of Kent, Fexvster Johnson, of Ebchester HUl, in the County of Durham, Esquire, and Francis Treed-dell\ of Thrcepwood, in the County of Northumberland,

Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds in the Town Fields and Town Green of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, contain about 755 Acres; and that the Petitioners, the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, are seised of and in divers Parcels of the Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields, and the Petitioner Fewster Johnson is seised to him and his Heirs of and in divers other Parcels of the Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields, and the Petitioner Francis Twed* dell is sebed, for the Term of his natural Life, of and in divers other Parcels of the Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields, with Remainder to his Infant Sons, John Txveddell, Francis Tweddell, and Robert Tweddelland all other his Son and Sons severally and successively, and the several Heirs Male of their Bodies, with Remainder to Gccwen Aynsley, of Little Hark, in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, and his Heirs; and that the greatest Part of the several Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds belonging to the Petitioners, the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Fewster Johnson, and Francis Tweddell the Father, lie intermixed and dispersed; and there are also, in the said Town Fields, certain Parcels of Land, of which, and also of the said Town Green, the Petitioners, the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Fewster Johnson, and Francis Tweddell, are seised as Tenants in Common, in certain proportions, but no other Persons have any Right, Title, or Interest, in or to any of the Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields and Town Green; and that the Petitioners have come to an Agreement, that all the Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields and Town Green (except the Closes or Parcels of Ground called The Riding, White-hill, Broomhill, Lowbogg, Round Close, Lons Plain, Scrudging Bank, Whorlister, Swinewelthill, Crookhill, and Winter side, belonging to the Petitioner Fexoster

Johnson)

c.

24

26° Mali. A. 1784.

t)ebt0rs

Petition.

Sandall, «5cc. Inclosure.

Bast India Company*

Johnson) shall be divided, set out, and allotted, unto and amongst the Petitioners, the Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Fewster Johnson, and Francis Tweddell, according to the Value of their respective Lands and Grounds in the said Town Fields (except as aforesaid) in one or more Plot or Plots, as shall be most advantageous and convenient to the Petitioners in general; and that the making of such Division and Allotments would tend greatly to the Improvement of the Value of the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Brandling, and Sir William Middleton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, in and for the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Prison of The King's Bench, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise complaining of their Distress, and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Doncaster, in the County of York, Lords of the Manors of Long Sandall and Hextrope with Balby, in the same County; and of several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors, several Open Common Fields, Open Meadows* Commons, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be cultivated and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a* Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That on the 5th Day of March 1783, the Petitioners presented a Petition to this House, stating . such Matters, and praying such Relief as

therein mentioned, which Petition was referred to a Select Committee; and, on the 12th Day of the same Month, the said Committee made a Report to the House respecting the Facts stated in the said Petition, to which the Petitioners crave Leave to refer; and that a temporary Relief was granted to the Petitioners upon Part of the Matters contained in the said Petition and Report, by Two Arts, made in the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign; one intituled, "An Act to discharge and indemnity the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to The " East Indies from all Damages, Interest, and losses, in " respect to their not making regular Payment of certain Sums due, and to become due, to the Public;

" and to allow further Time for such Payment; and to " enable the Company to borrow a certain Sum of " Money, and to make a Dividend of Four Pounds " per Centum to the Proprietors at Midsummer 1783 and the other intituled, "An Act for granting Relief " to the United Company of Merchants of England te trading to The East Indies, by allowing further " Time for the Payment of certain Sums due, and " to become due, to the Public; and by advancing " to the said Company, on the Terms therein mentioned, a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by " Loans or Exchequer Bills; and' to enable the said " Company to make a Dividend of Four Pounds per " Centum to the Proprietors at Christmas 1783, and " to regulate the future Payment of Debentures of " Drawbacks on East India Goods and that, on the 2d Day of July last, this House resolved, *' That " the House would, early in the then next Session " of Parliament, proceed in the further Consideration " of the Matters contained in the said Report; " but that no further Relief hath since been given to the Petitioners upon the Matters contained in the said Petition and Report, than by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue so much of an Act, made in the last " Session of Parliament, as allows further Time for " the Payment of certain Sums due, and to become " due, to the Public, from the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to The East Indies; " whereby the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, were impowered to postpone and allow further Time for the Payment of certain Sums, therein mentioned to be due from the Petitioners to the Public, unto such Time or Times as they should think fit, not beyond the 1st Day of May 1784; and that the Petitioners have not yet been able to make Payment of the Sums of Money in the said last Act mentioned, and also to provide for the ordinary Currency of their Affairs; and that, besides the Debts owing by the Petitioners to the Public, Bills of Exchange, to a very great Amount, have been drawn upon their Court of Directors from India, on Account of the Expences of the late War in India, and to provide Goods for European Investments, which Bills have not been accepted, because they exceed the Amount which, by Law, the said Court of Directors are allowed to accept without the Permission of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; and that the Petitioners sustained Damages and Losses, occasioned by the late War in Europe, in high Freights and extra Demurrage, in waiting for Convoys, &'c. Captures of Ships, and other Losses consequent to the War, to the Amount of £. 2,500,000, and upwards, besides the Expences of the Wars in India, and besides £. 300,000 paid to Government during that Time, as mentioned in the said former Petition; and that, upon a full and strict Investigation into the State of the Petitioners Affairs and Prospects, it appears beyond Doubt, that the Petitioners are abundantly able to pay the said Debt to Government, the said Bills oj( Exchange, and all other

Demands

East India Company.

WoUon iiasstt . Election.

24 Geo. lit; 26° Mali. 25

Demands upon them, if a reasonable Time shall be the Bribery and other illegal and corrupt Means practised allowed for that Purpose; and it also appears, that their by the said George Augustus North and Robert Seymour temporary Inability is occasioned by the late Wars in Conway, and their Agents, previous to and during India, and by the Damages, Losses, and Interruptions the said Election, the said George Augustus North arising to their Trade from the late European W ar; and Robert Seymour Conway obtained a colourable and that, although the general State of the Petitioners Majority of Votes upon the Poll over the Petitioned,

Affairs well warrants their continuing a Dividend to and were by the said Benjamin Franklin unjustly the Proprietors of their Stock at the Rate of Eight returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, per Centum per Annum, yet, as the Law now stands, whereas the Petitioner had an undoubted Majority whilst the Petitioners Bond Debt exceeds £. 1,500,000, of legal Votes over both the said George Augustus North they cannot make such Dividend without the Authority and Robert Seymour Conway, was duly elected* and of Parliament; and that the Deficiency upon the ought to have -been returned to serve in Parliament for annual Account, made up by the Petitioners, and the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to delivered to the Lords of the Treasury; up to the 1st take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him Day of March last, amounted to £. 141,940, which such Relief as the Justice of his Case requires, and as to ought to be carried to the Debit of the present Year's the House shall seem meet*

Account* as hath been done in like Cases, under the Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consi-Authority of some of the Acts which have been deration upon Thursday, the 12th Day of August next, passed, concerning the Petitioners Affairs, since the at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Agreement Act of the Year 1781; but, as the Law Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

now stands, the said Deficiency of £.141,940 cannot Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as be carried to the present Year’s Account, nor can any shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the subsequent Deficiency be carried forward to another Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Year: And therefore praying the House to take the

Petitioners Case into Consideration, and to grant them A Petition of Banastrc Tdrleton, Esquire, was read; Liverpool such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. Setting forth, That, at the late Election of BurgeSses Election.

r Ordered, rlhat the said Petition do lie upon the to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Liverpool,

Table. in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Right honour-

able Richard Lord Penrhyn of the Kingdom of Ireland,

' The House was moved, That the Entry in the Sir William Meredith, Baronet, Bambei' Gascoyne Journal of the House, of the 23d Day of January, in the Younger, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Can-the last Session of Parliament, of- the Order, " That dictates, and William Hesketh, Esquire, the present " the Directors of the East India Company do lay Mayor of the said Borough, Charles Pole, and Edmund " before this House their Opinions, together with the Rigby, Gentlemen, the now Bailiffs of the said Borough,

" Accounts and Estimates on which such Opinions presided at such Election as Returning Officers; and " shall be grounded, as to the Mode and Extent of that, at the said Election, the said Bamber Gascoyne " Parliamentary Interference, which, according to the and the Petitioner had upon the Poll a Majority " Information and Belief of the said Directors, would of good and legal Votes, according to the Constitution " prove an effectual Relief to the Company, in the of the said Borough, and the Law of Parliament,

" Respite of Duties for such Time as the Exigency and therefore the Petitioner, together with the said " of the Company's Affairs may appear to require, Bamber Gascoyne, were duly elected Burgesses to " and in permitting the Acceptance of unaccepted Bills, serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough,

" so that they may become payable at such Times as and ought to have been so returned; notwithstanding u it shall appear that the Company will, in the ordinary which, the said Returning Officers thought fit, conCourse of their Affairs, be able to pay the same, trary to Justice and Right, unduly to return the said might be read. Lord Penrhyn along with the said Bamber Gascoyne,

And the same being read accordingly; as the Burgesses elected to represent the said Borough

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- in Parliament* to the great Prejudice of the Persons pany do lay before this House, all such Information as who voted in Behalf of the Petitioner, and to the has been received by them since the making up the great Injury of the Petitioner, who, having a Majority Report which was presented to this House, by the said of legal Votes, ought to have been returned as Directors, on the 16th Day of February last, as relates one of the said Burgesses, in the Stead of the said to the several Matters referred to in the said Order of Lord Penrhyn; and that the said Returning Officers, the 23d Day of January. contrary to all Justice and Right, in Violation of the

Constitution of the said Borough, and in Defiance Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and of the Laws requiring fair Elections, did arbitrarily Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; admit a great Number of Persons, who had no Right the same were delivered in at the Table: And the to poll at the said Election, to give Votes for the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related, said Lord Penrhyn, so as to give him, the said Lord were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Penrhyn, a colourable Majority against the Petitioner,

Clerk in the following Order; viz. and did unjustly and injuriously strike from off the

A Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, was read; Poll several Votes which had been given by Freemen

Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses of the said Borough for the Petitioner, which were

to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wotton good and legal Votes, and ought tb have been so Basset, in the County of WiltSi the honourable George accepted, received, and adjudged; and tljat the said Augustus North, the honourable Robert Seymour Returning Officers did refuse to receive, at the said Coirway, Abraham Robarts, Esquire, and the Petitioner, Election, during the Poll, several good and legal were Candidates; and that Benjamin Franklin, Mayor Votes which were tendered in Favour of the Petitioner of the said Borough, who presided as Returning Officer by Freemen having a Right to vote at the said Election, at the said Election, acted with the greatest Par- and which Votes ought to have been received and tiality in Favour of the said George Augustus North accepted; and that the said Lord Penrhyn, by him-and Robert Seymour Conway in many Respects, and self, his Agents, and Partizans, did give to several particularly in admitting many Persons to poll for the Persons, who voted for the said Lord Penrhyn at the said George Augustus North and Robert Seymour Election, divers Sums of Money, and other valuable

Conway, who had no Right to vote, whereby, and by Things, for the Purpose of procuring the said Persons,

other undue Practices of the said Mayor, and also by and in order to induce them to vote in his Behalf,

Vol. 40. H contrary

Manufactures in Scotland.

0,6 26°

contrary to the Fairness and Freedom of* Election, and did promise to divers other Persons large Sums of Money, or other valuable Things, if they would not vote for the Petitioner, but for the said Lord Penrhyn, whereby the Petitioner was unduly deprived of the Benefit of several Votes which otherwise would have been given in his Favour against the said Lord Penrhyn-, and that several Persons, who voted at the said Election in Favour of the said Lord Penrhyn, and against the Petitioner, were bribed so to do, and did accept of Money, or some other valuable Thing, or did, under the Influence of a Promise to receive Money, or some other valuable Thing, give their Votes in Favour of the said Lord Penrhyn against the Petitioner; and that, after' the Teste of the Writ, and during the said Election, the said Lord Penrhyn, by himself, his Agents, or others in his Behalf, gave divers Sums of Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, to a great Number of the Voters, in order to procure their Votes, and for that Purpose did open Houses of Entertainment within the said Borough, and elsewhere, wherein great Numbers of the Voters were treated and entertained by the said Lord Penrhyn, his Agents, and Friends, who were also guilty of divers other corrupt and illegal Practices in the Course of the said Election, in manifest Violation of the Law of the Land, and the Freedom of Election, and also to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 17th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 1 oth and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of Sir James Maxwell, of Pollock, Baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Craufurd, John Maxwell, and John Craig, Proprietors of the Soap Manufactory of Glasgow, and Copartners under the Firm of Robert Craufurd and Company, Merchants in Glasgow, and of James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh IVyUie, Thomas Dunmore, Robert Dunmore, Junior, James

Robert Craufurd, George Kippen, Thomas Connell, James Genrmil, John Craufurd, James Scott, and William Semple, Proprietors of the Rope Manufactory of Glasgow, and Copartners under the Firm of James Corbet and Company, Merchants in Glasgow, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That by several Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, and, among others, by an Act passed in

the Year 1661, in the First Parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, " Act for erecting of Manufactories;" by another Act, passed in the Year 1669, in the Second Parliament of the said King Charles the

Mail. 1784, '

Second, intituled, 11 Act concerning the Excise and " Customs;" and by another Act, passed in the Year' 1681, in the Third Parliament of his said Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, u Act for encouraging Trade and Manufactories," certain Privileges and Immunities were granted, and Rules made,- for encouraging and promoting Manufactories in Scotland, and particularly, Materials useful for Manufactures were allowed to be imported, for the Use of such Manufactures, free of Customs and Excise, and alt other Public Burthens; and, in order to prevent all Questions and Debates in relation to the said Privileges and Immunities, the Lords of the Exchequer and Privy Council in Scotland were, by certain of the said Acts, authorized to enquire and declare what Manufactories already were, or thereafter should be, duly qualified to enjoy the Benefit of the Privileges and Immunities by the said Acts bestowed; and that, under the Encouragements held forth by the said Acts of Parliament, Two Manufactories were erected in Glasgow, the one in the Year 1674, for making of Soap, and the other in the Year 1696, for making of Ropes and Cordage, the Proprietors of each of which Manufactories did obtain from the Exchequer and Privy Council of Scotland an Order, or Act, declaring their respective Works to be duly qualified in Terms of the Statutes in that Behalf, and which Manufactories, so established and approven, have been continually carried on since the respective Times of their Erection, and do now, by Course of regular Successions and Conveyances, belong to the following Persons, viz. the first mentioned Manufactory for making of Soap, to the Petitioners Sir James Maxwell, Baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Craufurd, John Maxwell, and John Craig, by Way of Copartner, known by the Appellation of the Soap Work Company of Glasgow, and transacting Business under the firm of Robert Craufurd and Company, and the other Manufactory for making of Ropes and Cordage, to the Petitioners James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh Wyllie, Thomas Dunmore, Robert Dunmore, James Somma'vitle, Robert Craufurd, George Kippen, Thomas Connell, James Getnmil, John Craufurd, James Scott, and William Semple, also by Way of Copartner, known by the Appellation of the Rope Work Company of Glasgoa\ and transacting Business under the Firm of James Corbet and Company; and that, by the 6th Article of the Treaty of Union, settled and agreed upon in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, between the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, Provision is made,

" That all Parts of the United Kingdom, for ever,

" from and after the Union, shall have the same " Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, and " be under the same Prohibitions, Restrictions, and " Regulations of Trade, and liable to the same Customs and Duties on Import and Export; and that " the Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks,

" Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations of Trade,

" and the Customs and Duties on Import and " Export, settled in England when the Union cominences, shall, from and after the Union, take Place " throughout the whole United Kingdom, excepting " and reserving the Duties upon Export and Import " of such particular Commodities from which any " Persons, the Subjects of either Kingdom, are specially " liberated and exempted by their private Rights,

" which, after the Union, are to remain safe and " entire to them, in all respects, as before the same and that, upon the Commencement of the said Union, Doubts and Disputes did arise between the Officers of her Majesty’s Customs and the Proprietors of the said Soap and Rope Works, who claimed the Privilege of importing Materials for their respective Manufactories free of Duties, as a private Right, constituted by the Acts of Parliament and Acts of 7 Privy

24 Geo. III. Mail.

Privy Council before mentioned, and, as sufch, saved by the Exception in Favour of private Rights contained in the aforesaid 6th Article of the said Treaty of Union; to which Claim the Officers of the Revenue objected, that the Exemption from Duties, given by the Acts of Parliament and Privy Council of Scotland, was not in the Nature of a private Right, but of a public Encouragement to Trade, and as such was determined and at an End by the Treaty of Union; in respect of which Disputes it was agreed upon, as an interim Expedient, that the Proprietors of the aforesaid Manufactories should grant Bonds for the Duties of the Materials to be imported by them, with Condition to pay the same in case the Parliament of Great Britain, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, should adjudge the said Materials liable to the Payment of Duties, which Agreement of taking such Conditional Bonds, as aforesaid, was for some Time carried into Execution, until the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh gave Orders for levying the Duties upon all such Materials, imported for the Use of the said Manufactories, as were by Law chargeable with Duties upon being imported for other Purposes; whereupon the Proprietors of the said Manufactories paid the Duties accordingly, but under Protest that the Right of Exemption claimed by them should not thereby be hurt, nor themselves precluded from reclaiming such Duties as already had been, or afterward should be, paid by them; and, for bringing the Right of Exemption so claimed by them to Trial, the Proprietors of the said Rope Work did some Time since institute an Action in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, at the Suit of the said James Corbet, One of the said Proprietors, and Assignee of the rest of those Proprietors, against Edward Burrow, Collector of the Customs at the Port of Port Glasgow, and John Clerk, then the Deputy of the said Edward Burrow, at the Member Port of Greenock, for that they had, against Right, refused to re-pay Duties levied by them on certain Materials imported for the Use of the said Rope Work; in the Course of the Proceedings on which Action a special Verdict was agreed upon and settled by the Parties, and returned by a Jury, upon which Verdict Counsel were heard by the Lord Chief Baron and other Three Barons of the said Court, and the Judges having been equally divided in their Opinion, the Question remains hitherto undetermined; since the Time of which Hearing, certain Propositions have been offered by the Petitioners, the Proprietors of the said Works, for accommodating the Matter in Dispute; and that it has been alledged by the Officers of the Revenue, that the Claim of Exemption made by the Petitioners, the Proprietors of the said Manufactories, would, on the one Hand, if established, be very prejudicial to the Public Interest, being capable to be exercised in an unlimited Extent with respect to the Commodities which are the Subject thereof, to the great Diminution of the Revenue, and the Breach of that Equality in Trade which ought to have Place in all Parts of the United Kingdom; while, on the other Hand, the Petitioners, by Means of the aforesaid Treaty of Union, and the Doubts and Disputes thereupon arising in relation to the Right of Exemption claimed as aforesaid, as well as by Reason of the Proceedings consequent upon such Doubts and Disputes, and in firm Reliance upon the public Faith of the Kingdom, laid out a considerable Sum of Money towards carrying on the said Works, have suffered considerable Loss and Inconveniency, the Exemption from the Payment of Duties enjoyed by them, under the Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, having, by the aforesaid Means, been abridged or interrupted, and much Expence incurred by Law Suits, and otherwise; and that, in a Case so circumstanced, it is submitted to be reasonable and just that some Compensation should be made to the Petitioners for the private Loss Vol. 40.

they have suffered in Consequence of the said Treaty of Union, a Transaction calculated for National Advantages, and, it is at the same Time expedient to remoVe all such Doubts and Disputes, as aforesaid, in future: And therefore praying, That Leave msly be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, herein above recited, and for granting Relief to the Petitioners, and for extinguishing or abolishing all Claims or Pretensions of the Proprietors of the said Two Manufactories, called the Soap and Rope Manufactories of Glasgow, and their Successors, to'any Exemption from the Payment of Customs or Duties.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition, as well of John Goddard, of Elm, in Dixons Debt the County of Cambridge, Esquire, one of the Sure- to the Crown, ties for Francis Divon, late of Upzvell', in the same County, Esquire, deceased, Receiver General, for the County of Cdmbridge, the Town and University of Cambridge, and the Isle of Ely, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and Inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax; as also of John Mayer, of IVis-bech Saint Peters, in the same County, Gentleman, another of the Sureties for the said Francis Dixon, as Receiver General, for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and Inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax; together with a Certificate thereunto annexed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That, on the 10th Day of March 1767, the said Francis Dixon, then Receiver General, for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses,

Windows, and Lights, together with Matthew Woodward and William Morley, of New Broad Street Buildings, London, Merchants, and the Petitioner John Goddard, as Sureties for the said Francis Dixon, became bound to His present Majesty in the Sum of £.6,000, with a Condition for the said Francis Dixon's due Execution of his said last mentioned Office, and accounting for, and paying into the Exchequer, the several Sums by him to be received for His Majesty’s Use, on Account of the said last mentioned Rates and Duties; and that, on the 29th Day of June 1776, the said Francis Dixon, then Receiver General for the Places aforesaid, of the last mentioned Rates and Duties, together with Robert Wensley, of Wisbech Saint Peters, aforesaid, Esquire, since deceased, the Petitioner John Goddard, and also John Everson, of Button, in the County of Lincoln, Merchant, as Sureties for the said Francis Divon, became bound to His said Majesty in the Sum of £. 6,000, with a Condition of the same Tenor with that in the said before-mentioned Bond; and that, on the 14th Day of Nooember 1778, the said Francis Dixon, then Receiver General, for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and Inhabited Houses, together with the Petitioners and Sir Clement Trafford, of Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk, and Thomas Wilson, of Wisbech Saint Peters aforesaid, as Sureties for the said Francis Divon;

became,

28 26° Mail. A. 1784.

Dixon's Debt became bound ft) His said Majesty in the* Sum of cceding furthef with legal Proteus; and that the Pe-

to the Crow«v £4^00, with a Condition for the said Francis Dixons due Execution of his said last mentioned Office, and accounting for, and paying into the Exchequer, the several Sums by him to be received for His Majesty's Use, On Account (if the said last mentioned Rdte$ and Unties; and that, on the 5th Day of August 1780, the said Francis Diicon, then Receiver General, for the Places aforesaid, of the Land Tax, together with the Petitioners and Johnson Dixon, of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, Merchant Tone of the Sons of the said frauds Dixon) as Sureties1 for him the said Francis Dixon, became bound to His said Majesty in the Sum of £16,000, with a Condition for the said Francis Dixons due Execution of his said last mentioned Office, and accounting for, and paying into the Exchequer, the several Sums by him to be received for His Majesty's Use, on Account of the Land Tax for the Year 1780; and that, on the said .5th Day of August 1780, the said Francis Dixon, then Receiver General, for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Inhabited Houses, together with the Petitioners and the said Johnson Divon, as Sureties for him the said Francis Dixon, became bound to His said Majesty in the Sum of £ 2,000, with, a Condition for the said Fraiicis Dixons due Execution uf his said last mentioned Office, and accounting for, and paying into the Exchequer, the several Sums by him to be received for His Majesty's Use, on Account of the said last mentioned Rates and Duties; and that the Petitioner John Goddard, from Motives of Friendship to and Confidence in the said Francis D'urn, did enter into the said several Bonds as One of his Sureties, and the Petitioner John Mayer, having been Clerk to, and afterwards taken into Partnership by, the aforesaid Robert IVensley (since deceased) in his Business of an Attorney, who was for several Years, merely from Motives of Friendship, one of the Sureties for the said Francis Divon, for the Purposes aforesaid, w?as afterwards prevailed upon to become one of the said Francis Dixons Sureties to His Majesty in the aforesaid Three last mentioned Bonds; and that the Petitioners did not entertain any Suspicion but that the said Francis Dixon w as perfectly regular in his Accounts and Payments to the Crown, till the Month of July 1781, when they were informed, that the Commissioners of Taxes had put some Stop to the said Francis Dixons further Receipts in virtue of his Offices aforesaid; whereupon the Petitioners immediately applied to the said Francis Dixon, to know the State of his Accounts with the Crown, and, having got an Account of the said Francis Dixon's Debt to the Crowm, immediately came to London, and gave Information thereof to the said Commissioners of Taxes, and then found that the said Commissioners had repeatedly applied to the said Francis Dixon, to pay in his Balances, and that he had gone so far in deceiving the Commissioners, as well as the Petitioners. as to make an Affidavit that a considerable Part of the Debt appearing on such Accounts to be due from him was uncollected, and owing from the Country; and that the Petitioners immediately procured Extents against the Estate and Effects of the said Francis Divon, who suddenly destroyed himself on the 19th Day of July 1781; and that the said Francis Dixon was, at his Death, indebted to His Majesty in £.28,763. 165. 3 d. a Sum much more than both the Petitioners are worth; and the aforesaid Johnson Dixon, the other Surety for the Land Tax, one of the Sons of the said Francis Dixon, was only a Nominal Partner in Trade with his Father, as a Merchant, and not possessed of any considerable Property; and that the Management of the Business late of the said Francis Dixon was, upon his Death, entrusted to the Petitioners, and they immediately afterwards got Possession of his Real and Personal Estates, thereby saving great Waste, as well as the heavy Expence of pro-

titioners soon after prevailed with Three of the bote of the said Francis Dixon (the eldest of whom was his Heir at Law) to release their Claims to their said Father’s Real Estate, and have had a Conveyance of shell Real Estate made to themselves, the better to enable them to dispose of the same, for securing the Debt due to the Crown, and for indemnifying the sard Francis Dixons Sureties, as far as his Property would extend; and that the Petitioners, from being such Sureties, found it absolutely impracticable to give such Security for taking out Administration to the Effects of the said Francis Dixon, as the Prerogative Court of Canterbury requires in Cases of this Nature, and, with all their Endeavours, assisted by the Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in that Behalf, were unable to obtain such Admini&traJ lion; hut they did, notwithstanding, with much Risque! to their Friends acting for and under them, and with? Trouble to themselves, undertake the Conduct of thd Affairs of the said Francis Dixon, and raised from his Personal Estate, and the Rents and Profits of his Real Estate, the clear/Sum of £5,026. 8s. 11 d\. and have paid into the Exchequer £4.500, Part thereof; and the Residue, being £.526. 8s. \\d{. remains in their Hands; and that the scattered Property of the said Francis Dixon was so circumstanced as to require immediate and very extraordinary Attention, as well as Skill, in disposing thereof; and the Petitioners have, both with unwearied Diligence and constant Attention, applied themselves to the Management and Disposition of such Property, having allotted a great Part of their Time to those Concerns for the last Tw o Years and upwards; and, by such Means, they have not only saved the Expence of Agents in the Country, but, as they humbly conceive, have increased the Value of the Property of the said Francis Dixon9 and rendered the same very considerably more productive* than it otherwise would have been, and have done every Thing in their Power to forward the Sale thereof; and that the Petitioners did lately apply to the Lords of the Treasury, stating the several Matters aforesaid, and also, that Difficulties had arisen respecting the Title to the Real Estates of the said Francis Dixon, and that the Petitioners were advised it would be necessary, in order to obviate such Difficulties, that an Act of Parliament should be obtained, to authorize the respective Purchasers to pay their Purchase Monies to such Persons as in such Act should be named, and to declare that, after such Payment, the Purchasers should hold the purchased Premises, discharged of all Claims of the Crown, with such other Provisions as might be found proper, and, that the Petitioners were very desirous of paying the small Balance in their Hands, and of rendering up all the Ileal and Personal Property of the said Francis Divon, and, after doing Justice to the World in regard to the small Sums they were themselves indebted, were ready and willing to give up such Part of their own Property as their Lordships might think reasonable, towards Satisfaction of the Debt due to the Crown, and that, notwithstanding the y had been so unfortunate as to enter into such Security, they hoped they might b© permitted to retain some Part of their Fortunes, so a9 to enable them, with their own Industry, to live with some Degree of Comfort, and therefore prayed their Lordships to give Leave that a Bill might be brought into Parliament for the above Purposes, and also to authorize their Lordships to compound with the Petitioners, and to discharge them from the said Debt; and that the Petitioners, from the great Difficulty attending the disposing of real Property in that Part of the Country where the Estates of the late Francis Dixon and also of the Petitioners are situate, are unable to ascertain how much the Property of the said Francis t)ixon, and also of the Petitioners and the other Sureties

of

24 Geo. III.

26° Mail

29

of the said Francis Dixon, are able to satisfy of the said Debt due to the Crown; yet the Petitioners hope, from all the Funds aforesaid, they will be able to raise the further Sum of £. 10,000: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition*

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Downton, the honourable Henry Seymour Conway, Robert Shafto, Esquire, the honourable Edward Bbuverie, and William Scott, Esquire, Doctor of Laws, were Candidates; and that the said Election came on at Downton aforesaid, on the 5th Day of April last, and a Poll being demanded, the same was taken before Henry Harrison, Esquire, the proper Returning Officer for the said Borough, when a great Majority of legal Votes appeared in Favour of the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Sliafto, who were thereupon declared by the said Returning Officer to be duly elected, and have been accordingly returned by him as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; but that John Dagge, Gentleman, did, at the same Time, without any legal Authority, claim and take upon himself the Office of Returning Officer for the said Borough, and did then and there take a Poll, and partially and illegally rejected the Votes of the Petitioners, and a great Number of other legal Votes, which were tendered for the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto, at the Poll so taken by the said John Dagge, and received a great Number of illegal Votes in Favour of the said Edward Boiwerie and William Scott; and did thereupon declare, that the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the said Edward Bouveiie and William Scott, and that they were duly elected; whereas, in Truth, a great Majority of the legal Votes given or tendered at the said Poll, so taken by the said John Dagge, was in Favour of the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto; and that the said John Dagge hath taken upon himself falsely, partially, and illegally, to make a Return of the said Edward Bouverie and William Scott, and not of the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto, who were duly elected Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto, and in direct Violation of the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners, and the other legal Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 17th Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of the

Vol. 40.

honourable Henry Seymour Cojrway and Robert Shafto,

Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum .*

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his /Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, ori the Hearing of the Matter of the said Pe* titioih

A Petition of Several Owners and Proprietors of Brailes Lands and Estates within the Townships or Hamlets Iaclosure. of Upper Brailes and Lorver Brailes, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships or Hamlets, several Open and Common Fields and Meadows, and also several Commons or Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but it would be very beneficial to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such <

Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a 6ill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ladbroke, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, and Sir Robert Lawley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Nam^s are Blagdon thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors Inclosure, of Estates within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read $

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Commons and Waste Lands, the Property of the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the Petitioners apprehend it would be very advantageous to them, and to all other Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said several Commons and Waste Lands, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Phelips end Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

3o

270 Mail. A- 1784.

Sheffield

Market.

Longnor

Inclosure.

Jovisy 27° die Mail;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP Regis, 1784,

PRAYERS.

A PETITION of the Right honourable Charles Howard, commonly called Earl of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, is a large and populous trading Town, wherein a public Market is holden Twice in every Week, and a public Fair Twice in every Year; and that the present Market Place within the said Town is too small for the Use of the Inhabitants and others frequenting the said Market, and the Passage along the public Streets adjoining to the Market Place is greatly obstructed, and rendered very inconvenient to Travellers, by the Stalls and Standings necessarily placed therein on Market Days, and the present Slaughter Houses stand in a very improper Situation, and are frequently very offensive to the Inhabitants of the said Town; and that the Petitioner is Owner of the said Market Place and the Shops and other Buildings erected thereon, and entitled to the Right of holding the said Market, and is also Owner of a very considerable Estate within the other Parts of the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and that the said Market Place might be much enlarged, and made more convenient, and the Passages through the adjacent Streets rendered safe and commodious, if certain ancient Houses and other Buildings, belonging to the Petitioner and others, situate on the East Side thereof, were taken down, and the Scites thereof, and some vacant Ground adjoining thereto, were added to the present Market Place, and, that a proper Place for slaughtering of Cattle might be built in some more convenient Situation; and that Application hath been made to the Petitioner by many of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood, requesting him to enlarge the said Market Place, and to erect proper Shops and other Buildings thereon, and to remove the said Slaughter Houses; which Improvements the Petitioner believes would be of very great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons resorting thereto, and would also be advantageous to the Petitioner and the future Owners of his said Estate; wherefore the Petitioner is willing and desirous to cause the said Improvements to be done, in case he shall be enabled to raise, by Sale and Mortgage of some Parts of the said Estates, a sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Expence thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to make the several Improvements before mentioned, and to raise a competent Sum of Money to defray the Expences thereof, by such Ways and Means, and under such Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Hungerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Longnor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of the honourable Edward Bouverie, and Downton William Scott, Doctor of Laws, was delivered in at t,lection* the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-lio.iers, together with the honourable Henry Seymour Conway, and Robert Shafto, Esquire, were Candidates at the last Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Doxvnton, in the County of Wilts, and the proper and legal Returning Officer for the said Borough is the Bailiff or Steward of the Lord of the Manor and Borough of Downton, or his sufficient Deputy; and that, at the last Election for the said Borough, Joseph Elderton, Esquire, was the Bailiff or Steward of the said Manor and Borough, and duly appointed John Dagge, Esquire, to be his Deputy for presiding as Returning Officer at the said Election, and the said John Dagge was the proper and legal Returning Officer for the said Borough, and acted as such at the said Election accordingly; and that Henry Harrison took upon himself, without any Right or Title whatsoever, also to act as Returning Officer at the said Election, under Colour of an Appointment as Deputy to ... . Searle, Esquire; and that the Poll was duly taken by the said John Dagge, and the Petitioners had a great Majority of legal Votes upon the said Poll, and the said John Dagge did execute an Indenture by which he returned the Petitioners as duly elected to serve as Burgesses in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, upon the Poll taken by the said Henry Harrison, under Colour of the said Appointment as aforesaid, he declared that the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto, and he also executed an Indenture by which he returned the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and that the Sheriff of the County of Wilts hath annexed both die said Indentures of Returns to his Writ; and that the said Henry Harrison acted very partially, and admitted several Persons to vote for die said Henry Seymour Con-way and Robert Shafto, who had no legal Right to vote, and rejected several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioners at the said Election, and who had good and legal Votes, and who ought to have been admitted to poll, and thereby gave a pretended Majority of Votes to the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto against the Petitioners, who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned by the said Heniy Harrisoti, if he had been the legal Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shqfto, by themselves and divers other Persons for them and on their Behalf, and the said Hemy Harrison, were guilty of divers corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices at and before the said Election, in order to procure them, the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto, to be returned for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in manifest Violation of the Freedom of Election, and the Law of Parliament; and that the said Robei't Shafto, at the Time of this pretended Election and Return, had, by himself, or some Person in Trust for him, an Office, Place, or Employment, touching or concerning the farming, collecting, or managing His Majesty’s Customs, or some other Office in the Revenue, whereby the 9aid Robert Shafto, at the Time of his said pretended Election, was incapable of being elected or returned as a Member to serve for the said Borough of Downton: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief, with regard to the said Return, and also on the Merits of the said Election, as shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 17th Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of the honourable Henry Seymour Conway, and Robert Shqfto, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

7 ’ Memorandum:

34 Geo. III. 270 Mali. 31

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the lotli and nth Years of His. present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Heal ing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Megesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Trade with Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the America. House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain " Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to *' give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain u Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Copamerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " StatesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Phillips* A Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knightsbridge, being Preservation offered to be presented to the House; of Provisions. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That in March 1781 the Petitioner presented a Petition to the House of Commons, stating, that having been informed of the Ravages and Devastations made during Sea Voyages on the dry Provisions in His Majesty’s Navy by Weevils and other Insects, he had, after many Years incessant Study and Assiduity, discovered a cheap Composition, easy in its Application, and the Expence not exceeding Five Guineas, in eradicating Weevils, Spiders, Maggots, and Cockroaches, out of a First-rate Man of War; and that the House is in Possession of numerous and incontrovertible Testimonies of the great Utility of the Petitioner’s Discovery; and that the Petitioner having been the Author of an Invention of the utmost Consequence to the Health and Lives of Seamen in His Majesty’s Service, as the Commissioners for victualling the Navy, and several Vol. 40.

respectable Naval Officers, testified in a Committee of the House in 1781, a Bill was, in consequence thereof, submitted to Parliament, for providing a Reward of £. 3,600 to the Petitioner, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the Destruction of Insects, but which Reward the House of Lords postponed until further Proofs of the Success of the Petitioner’s Invention, and ordered a particular Account of the Result of such Experiments as were then making, or should be made, on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, of the Efficacy of the Petitioners Powder, to be laid before them; in Obedience to which, the Commissioners of the Admiralty have laid before Parliament a Number of Certificates, incontestibly proving the great Importance of the Petitioner’s Invention; and that the Petitioner, conscious, from the Addition of the numerous and incontrovertible Testimonies in Support of his Invention, that the Utility of his Discovery gives him a Claim to Public Protection, and to Public Reward, is induced, notwithstanding the Invention has been acquired by Eighteen Years unremitted Application, at the Expence of £. 4,000, and at the Hazard of his Life (he being now almost blind) to make known to the House, that he is ready and willing to lay open the Nature and Manner of preparing his Composition, that all His Majesty’s Subjects may reap the Benefit of it, upon receiving such Compensation for his Trouble and Expence as the House shall think fit to grant.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ^examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr John Luttrell, Mr. Medley, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom- .

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of John Barrington, Esquire, was deli- Newport vered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, Election* at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, the Petitioner, together with the honourable Hugh, Seymour Conway\ and Edward Ruskworthy Clerk, were Candidates; and that the said Edward Rushworth, on or about the 16th Day of April 1780, was admitted into the Holy Order of Deacon, by John Lord Bishop of Oxford, in the Stead, and by the Desire, of John late Lord Bishop of Winchester, deceased, and by the said Lord Bishop was then ordained a Deacon; and, on the same 16th Day of April, the said Edward Rush-worth was licensed to serve the Curacy of the Church of Whitsbwy, in the County of Wilts, within the Diocese of Winchester, to which the said Edward Rush-worth had been previously nominated and appointed by the Reverend Henry Longdon, Vicar of Whitsbury aforesaid, at the Yearly Sum of £30 for his Maintenance in the same, and, by virtue of such Ordination, the said Edward Rushworth exercised for some Time the Function of a Clerk in Holy Orders, by reading Prayers and preaching in the Parish Church of New-]x>rt, and several other Churches within the Diocese of Winchester; and that the said Edward Rushworth, being at the Time of the said Election a Clerk in Holy Orders, was not capable of being elected to serve for the said Borough of Newport in Parliament; and that, previous to the Commencement of the Poll for the said Election, the Electors, assembled together, were informed that the said Edward Rushworth was a Clerk in Deacon’s Orders, and not eligible to serve in Parliament, and such of the Electors who voted for him would throw aw'ay their Votes, but that, notwithstanding such public Notification of the Ineligibility of the

Answer to Address.

Sleaford

Navigation.

33

27" — 280 Mail. A. 1784,

said Edward Rushworth to be a Member of this House, several of the Electors voted for the said Edward Rush-Worth, and Henry Trattle, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, took on himself to receive on his Poll such Votes for the said Edward Rushworth, and made a Return of the said Edward Rushworth, with the said Hugh Seymour Conway, as Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, although the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned in the Place and Stead of the said Edward Rushworth: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 19th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 28* die Mail;

Anno 240 Georgii III|U Regis, 1784. Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty Yesterday with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My most cordial Thanks for this very loyal and dutiful Address.

The affectionate Expressions of Attachment from My Faithful Commons, and their zealous Regard to the Principles of Our invaluable Constitution, must ever afford Me the most sincere Satisfaction.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, residing at Sleaford and Boston, and the Country adjacent thereto, in the Parts of Kestcven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, anjl read; Setting forth, That a certain Stream or River, and the Branches thereof, from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the several Parishes of New Sleaford, Old Sleaford, and Evedon Haverholm Priory, and the several Parishes of Amcick, Ewerby, North and South Kyme, Billinghay, and Swineshead, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, to the Junction of the said Stream or River with the River Wit ham, near Chapel Hill, in the same County, extends to the Distance of Twelve Miles, or thereabouts; and that, if the said River.was made navigable for Boats,

Barges*, and other Vessels, a Communication would thereby be opened with the Port of Boston, the City of Lincoln, and the River Trent, whereby great Benefit would arise to the Land Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the several Parishes adjacent to the said River or Stream from Sleaford to the Wit ham, by facilitating the Carriage of Coals,

Wool, Corn, and other Goods and Commodities, at less Expence than is now paid for the same by Land Carriage, greatly tend to the Increase of Trade and Commerce, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Stream or River, and the Branches thereof, navigable from Sleaford Castle Causeway to the Junction of the said Stream with the River Wit ham, making such Cuts, and maintaining the said Navigation, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Anderson Pelham, Sir Robert Laze ley. See.: And 'they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the respective Companies of Proprie- Birmingham tors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, and the Navigation. Birmingham and Fazelcy Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham to Bilston, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal then making between the Rivers Secern and Trent, \md for making Collateral Xuts up to several Coal Mines; and that another Act was passed in the Ninth Year of His said Majesty, to rectify a Mistake in the said first-mentioned Act, and to explain and amend the same; and that another Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near Riders Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines, and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Binningham, to join the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazcley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham; and that the Canal and Collateral Cuts, authorized to be made by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, will communicate with the Canal and Collateral Cuts made and completed by virtue of the Powers granted by the said first-recited Act, and nearly the Whole of the Proprietors of the said Birmingham Canal Navigation, and the Proprietors of the said Bh'mingham and Fazcley Canal Navigation, are the same Persons; and that, as the said respective Navigations will communicate with each other, and great Expences and Inconveniences would be avoided by incorporating the same, and making them one common Concern, it hath been agreed that the same should be consolidated, and the respective Companies of Proprietors of the said Two Undertakings have entered into Agreements for that Purpose; and that, by a Clause in the said last-meu-tioned Act, it is recited, That, at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Oxford,

Coventry, and Grand Trunk Canal Navigations, and from certain Subscribers to a new-proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry

Canal

34 Geo. III. a8° Mail ' 33

Canal in the Neighbourhood of Fazdeyr, it was proposed and agreed, by such Delegates, on the Part of their respective Companies or Constituents, That, in order to effect a General Communication between the Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Canals, the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, and Town of Birmingham, it would be necessary that the Coventry Canal should be completed between Atherstone and Fradley Heath, that the Oxford Canal should be completed from Oxford to Banbury, and that the new' Subscribers should execute a Canal from such Coal Mines to Birmingham and to Fazeley; and, the more easily to effect the Communication between Fazeley - and Fradley Heath, it was further agreed, that the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal should, by Authority of Parliament or otherwise, relinquish to the Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Canal, and to the Subscribers to such proposed Canal, that Branch of the said Coventry Canal lying between Fazdey and Fradley Heath, and that the same should be executed by them, at their joint Expence, in Manner and on the Terms therein mentioned, and that, when the same should be completed, it should be equally divided between, and each Part considered as the several and distinct Property of, the said Parties, and be supported accordingly; and it was therein expressed to be further understood and agreed, that the Tonnage to be taken for all Coals navigated from Birmingham, throughout the intended Canal, to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile; but it was thereby also understood, that the Subscribers to the said intended Canal were not to be restrained from taking any additional Tonnage for all Coals passing from the Collieries, and discharged at Birmingham, or any Distance upon the intended Canal, short of Fazeley; and it is further recited, that the Canals and Collateral Cuts authorized to be made by the Company of Proprietors incorporated by that Act, and under the Authority of the same, had been substituted in the Place and Stead of the said proposed Canal from the Collieries at Wednesbury to Biimingham} and from thence to Fazeley aforesaid, and that the said Company had, in Consideration of the same, agreed to ratify and confirm the aforesaid Agreement, so entered into by the said former Subscribers, with respect to the Execution of that Part of the Said Coventry Canal from Fazeley to Fradley Heath aforesaid, it is thereby enacted, that the said Agreement so entered into by the said former Subscribers, and the several Matters and-Things therein specified and contained to be done by, and on their Parts, shall be binding and conclusive on the Company of Proprietors incorporated by the said Act, as fully and effectually as if they had been Parties thereto; and that, although by the said last mentioned Act it is enacted, that the Agreement so entered into by the said former Subscribers at Coles-hill, and the several Matters and Things therein specified and contained to be done by and on their Parts, should be binding and conclusive upon the Company of Proprietors incorporated by the said last mentioned Act, yet it is conceived that the Authority of Parliament is necessary to enable such Proprietors to carry the said Agreement into Execution; and that, for the more speedily and effectually completing the said Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, it Will be necessary to borrow a large Sum of Money, by Way of Loan, upon the Credit of the Tolls of the said respective Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazdey Canal Navigations, and it will be likewise necessary that some of the Clauses in the said last mentioned Act should be explained, altered, and amended, and some further Powers given for the better carrying on, completing, and improving the said Navigations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to consolidate Vol. 40.

the said Two respective Undertakings of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, and for incorporating the said Tv.o respective Companies of Proprietors, and the several Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, by the said respective Acts of Parliament granted; and that such farther Powers may be granted to the Petitioners as m&y be necessary to enable them to borrow Money for completing the said last mentioned Undertaking, to carry into Execution the Agreement so entered into at Coleshill, for explaining and amending several Clauses in the said last mentioned Act, and for such other Purposes as the House shall see fit and expedient for the Support and Improvement of the said respective Navigations.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lawley, Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet upon Mondatj Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the City Westminster and Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Election. Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition was presented from the Right honourable Charles James Fox upon Tuesday last, that the Matter of the said Petition is ordered to be heard at the Bar of the House upon Friday Morning next, and that the said Right honourable Charles James Fox is permitted to be then heard, by his Counsel, in Support of the said Petition:

And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be at Liberty to be heard, by his Counsel, on Friday Morning next, at the Bar of this House, in Answer to the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Matter of the Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox is heard at the Bar of this House; and that the Petitioner be then permitted to be heard, by his Counsel, in Answer to the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names pawn-are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and brokers, others, Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences, for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, for the easy Redemption of (Goods paw ned, and for other Purposes, certain Regulations were established for conducting the Business of a Pawnbroker; and that the said Act does not limit or ascertain the Amount of Charges for Warehouse Room to be paid to the Pawnbroker, and therefore the Petitioners have almost ever since the making of the said Act taken such Sums of Money for the Warehouse Room of the Goods pledged as have, in their Appre-» bensions, been reasonable, and were necessary for the decent Maintenance of themselves and Families; and that the Petitioners, and others, in the conducting of the said Business, have oftentimes refused to take Money tendered to them for the Redemption of Goods pledged, because such Money was inadequate to their Expences, and, in consequence of some of such Refusals, Actions at Law have been brought against several Pawnbrokers, in which such Tenders have been considered to be sufficient, and Yerdicts have been given K thereon

boome

Oaths in Scotland.

Supply.

Navy and Army Estimates, &c.

34 a8°

theneon against such Pawnbrokers; and the Petitioners and others, in endeavouring to obtain a reasonable Profit in their said Business, are liable, notwithstanding tke said Act, to be sued at Law for supposed Offences against the Laws relating to Usury; and that, in case the Petitioners were to receive such inadequate Tenders, and the Trade is to be conducted on such low Terms, the Petitioners will not be able to carry on the same, but it must be totally annihilated, whereby the Petitioners, and their Families, and all other carrying on that Business, must be driven to seek their Livelihoods by other Employments; and, the said Act is, in other Respects, defective, and insufficient to answer the good Purposes for which it was intended; and that the Petitioners, being conscious of having always carried on their Business with the utmost Integrity, and being desirous of gaining by their Trade no more than a reasonable Profit upon their Capital for the decent Support of themselves and Families, hope they shall be found a useful Body of Tradesmen, and deserving of the Countenance and Protection of the Legislature: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Newnham and Mr. Watson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ascertain the Manner and Form of taking an Oath, by certain Persons, Protestants of the ancient Church of Scotland: And that Mr. Dempster and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Edward James Eliot, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Wednesday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the ^Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1784, with an Estimate of the Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 17S4, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1784, be laid before this House.

Mail. 1784.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1784, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1784, be laid before this House.

Ordered\That an Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1784. he laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Accoont be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ended at the 5th Day of April 1783, and the loth Day of October 1783, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called The General Fund.

Ordered, Tlrnt there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1783 have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st Day of December 1783.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Estimates. Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, the said Estimates, List, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this- House, as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exchequer Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by " Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightythree."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by " Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightythree."

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, Elrington according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting Part Inclosure, of the Town Fields, and the Whole of the Town Green, of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjoum-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next ment-

A Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be Trade with limited, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of America, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States " of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying xt on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of 4 " His

24 Geo. III.

28° Maii.

35

" His Megesty’s Dominions apA the Inhabitants of the " said United States," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Salford A Petition of the Trustees appointed for putting

Road. in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from a certain Place in the Town of " Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and Bolton and " through Wardley Lane to the Town of Wigan, and " to the Stocks in the Township of Duxbury, and to a " Place called The Broad Oak in Worsley, in the " County Palatine of Lancasterand also, of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Trustees therein named have caused great Part of the said Roads to be repaired, widened, and amended, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which is now owing; and that the said Act is near expiring, and unless the same is renewed, and the Term and Powers enlarged, the Money advanced upon the Credit of the said Tolls cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be effectually amended; and alleging, that there is a Public Bridle Way djr Horse Road leading from a Place called The South Sea, upon the Road between the Towns of Salford and Bolton, in the said Act mentioned, through the several Townships of Pendlebury and Prestwick, in the said County, into the Public Turnpike Road be-ween Manchester and Bury, in the same County, which if repaired, widened, and improved, and made into a Public Highway, would be of great public Utility, by forming a nearer Communication between the said Towns of Warrington and Bury, and Rochdale, in the said County, and also between Part of the Two Counties of Lancastet' and York, but the same is at present very narrow and inconvenient, and in many Places deep and founderous, and cannot be made and kept in Repair by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, not only to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said recited Act, hut also to make, repair, and amend, the said Road from South Sea aforesaid, to the said Road leading between Manchester and Bury aforesaid, under such Powers and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to1 meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related, were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order; viz. ilrenny, A Petition of James Moncrief of Sauchope, Esquire, c. Election, for himself, and in Name and Behalf of Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief of Airdrie, his Son, was read; Setting forth, That Lieutenant Colonel Janies Moncrief, of Airdrie, and John Anstrother, Esquire, of Lincoln's hm, Counsellor at Law, were Candidates at the Vox. 40.

la^t Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs-of Kilrenny, Anstruther-Easter, Anstruther-Wester, Pittemeern, and Craill, in Scotland, which Election was held at Kilrenny on Monday the 26th of April, 1784; and that, at the said Election, the Petitioner produced a Commission, duly granted to him as Delegate for the Borough of Craill, the said John Anstruther, Esquire, produced a Commission from the Borough of Kilrenny, but which was objected to by Sir Robert Anstruther, of Balcaskie, Baronet, who entered a Protest that he was legally chosen Delegate for that Borough, and had a Right to vote in that Capacity, and there was also produced a Commission by Sir John Anstruther, of Anstruther, Baronet, as Delegate for the Borough of Anstruther-Easter, which was objected to by Colonel John Thomson, of Charletorwn, who contended that he was duly chosen Delegate for that Borough, and this Commission was likewise objected to by the Petitioner; that there was produced by Alexander Gibson, of Durie, a Commission from Anstruther-Wester in his Favour, as Delegate for that Borough, which was objected to by the Petitioner as being void and null, and that there was also presented by Philip Anstruther Paterson, of Eccles, Son to the said Sir John Anstruther, Baronet, a Commission in his Favour for the Borough of Pittenwccm, which was also objected to by the said Petitioner as void and null; and that, before proceeding to the Election, the Petitioner protested that the said John Anstruther, pretending to be Delegate for the Borough of Kilrenny, and One of the Candidates, was incapable of voting on his Commission, and was also personally ineligible as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the District; 1st, because he held Offices from Government, which by Law, and by Statute incapacitated the Holder; and, 2dly, because in procuring the Commissions to himself, and the Delegates in his Interest in the said Election, he and his Agents had jointly and severally been guilty of undue, illegal, forcible, and corrupt Practices upon the Electors; that this Protest notwithstanding, the said John Anstmther himself, the said Sir John Anstruther, Baronet, the said Alexandei' Gibson, and the said Philip Anstruther Paterson, voted for the said John Anstruther, Esquire; that the Petitioner James Moncrief voted for the said Lieutenant Colonel Jajnes Moncrief for whom likewise the said Sir Robert Anstruther, the said Colonel John Thomson, also voted, under Protest in Manner as the Law directs, whereby Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief had the Majority of legal Votes; that Sir Robert Anstruther was the Delegate lawfully chosen for the Burgh of Kilrenny, he haiving a Majority of the legal Votes, viz. of those who were really of the Town Council, but by admitting Persons to vote who were not at the Time Counsellors, but who intruded themselves into and took their Seats in that Meeting, the eldest Baillie, as President of the Meeting, upon the Footing of the Votes being equaj, assumed to himself the casting Vote, in consequence of which a Commission was granted; that Colonel John Thomson, of Charktom, was legally elected Delegate for the Borough of Anstruther-Easter, by a Majority of the real and qualified Counsellors, but by admitting Persons to vote who were not in Truth Counsellors, nor qualified to be of the Council, an apparent Majority was created in favour of the said Sir John Anstruther, and besides a general Objection lay against the Election of that Borough; that the Magistrates who were an essential and integral Part of the Corporation, and without which it could not subsist, never had qualified themselves to exercise their Offices; that the Commission to a Delegate for Anstruther-Wester was void, as being granted by Persons who were not legal Administrators of the Boroughs, contrary to the united Voice of the Inhabitants, and who had not qualified themselves to exercise their Office; that the Commission from the Borough of Pittenweem was

illegal

3 6 2%° Maii. ^.1784.

illegal and void for the same and singular Reasons; and, in consequence of the Precept of the Sheriff of Fife, upon the whole, the said John Anstruther, Esquire, a Meeting of the Town Council of Anstruther-Easter has been returned as the Burgess duly elected to serve was called and held on the 16th Day of April 1784? in Parliament, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner: where the Petitioners attended, and voted for Colonel And therefore praying the . House to take the Premises John Thomson, of Charletaam, to be Delegate, or Com-into their Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to missioner, to vote for the Burgh of Anstruther-Easter, the House shall seem meet at the Election, meaning that he should vote for

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- the said Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief; that sideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day of August next, only Five of the Constituent Members of Council at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. voted for Sir John Anstruther, Baronet, to be Delegate

Kilrenny,&c. A Petition of Thomas Swart, John Ried\ Devoid or Commissioner for that Borough, so that the said

Election. Lmvson, James Simpson) Robert Anderson, Devoid Watson, Colonel John Thomson was duly elected; but Andrew

and John Anderson, all Constituent Members of the Johnston eldest Baillie, and First Magistrate, by intro-Towh Council of the Borough of Kilrenny, on the ducing into the Council Andrew Johnston, of Pit herie, 9th of April 1784; and of Sir Robert Anstruther, of as youngest Baillie, who was not qualified to hold that Balcaskie, Baronet, elected by them Commissioner or Office, and who had, when named to that Office for-Delegate, to vote in the Election of a Member of Par- merly, absolutely repudiated it, together with Sir John liament to represent that District of Boroughs, was also Anstruther, Philip Anstruther Paterson, his Son, the said read; Setting forth, That Lieutenant Colonel James John Anstruther, Esquire, and Gavin Hogg, as Coun-Monci'ief of Airdrie, and John Anstruther, Esquire, of sellors, who were totally incapable of acting or voting

Lincolns Inn, Counsellor at Law, were Candidates at as such, and calling their Votes, as Constituent Mem-

the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament bers of Council, made up an apparent Majority of for the District of the Boroughs of Kilrenny, Anstruther- Ten to Six, in Favour of the said Sir John Anstruther, Easter, AnstrutherJVester, Pittemcecm, and Craill, in in consequence whereof he was returned as duly Scotland, which Election was held at Kilrenny on elected, notwithstanding the Remonstrances and Pror Monday the 26th of April 1784; and that, in conse- tests of the Petitioners, and he did accordingly vote quence of the Precept of the Sheriff of Fife, a Meet- in Favour of his Son, the said John Anstruther, Esquire, ing of the Town Council of Kilrenny, which was the the said Colonel John Thomson attending and voting returning Borough of the District, was called and held under Protest, in Terms of Law, for the said Lieute-on the gth Day of April 1784, where the Petitioners nant Colonel James Moncrief, who had a Majority of

attended, and- voted for Sir Robert Anstruther, of Bal- legal Votes at that Election, and ought to have been

caskie. Baronet, to be Delegate, or Commissioner, to returned accordingly as Member duly elected to serve vote for the Borough of Kilrenny, at the Election, in Parliament for that District; but the said John meaning that he should vote for the said Lieutenant Anstruther, Esquire, has been most unduly and impro-Colonel James Moncrief; that only Four of the con- perly returned, in place of the said Lieutenant Co-stituent Members of Council voted for the said John lonel James Moncrief to the manifest Injury of the Anstruther, Esquire, to be Delegate or Commissioner Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take for that Borough, so that the said Sir Robert Anstruther the Premises into their Consideration, and grant them was duly elected; but Andrew Ried, eldest Baillie, and such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

First Magistrate of the Borough, by introducing into A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Council Sir John 'Anstruther, Baronet, Robert Fall, the Borough of Craill was likewise read; Setting Esquire, and John Watt, Persons not constituent forth, That Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief, of Members of the Council, and no ways qualified to sit Airdrie, and John Anstruther, Esquire, of Lincolns Inn, and act as Counsellors, called for their Votes in the Counsellor at Law, were Candidates at the last Elec-Election, and having, by this Means, produced an tion of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Dis-apparent Equality of Votes, assumed to himself the trict of the Burghs of Kilrenny, Anstruther-Easter, casting Vote, and declared the said John Anstruther, Anstruther-Wester, Pittenweem, and Craill, in Scotland, Esquire, to be duly elected Delegate, who was which Election was held at Kilrenny on Monday the returned accordingly, and voted for himself at the 26th of April 1784; and that the Petitioners, in con-Election, where the Petitioner, Sir Robert Anstruther, sequence of the Precept of the Sheriff of Fife, to voted under Protest, in Terms of Law, for the said them directed for that Purpose, duly and legally made Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief who had a Majo- Choice of James Moncrief of Sauchope, Esquire, as rity of legal Vote3 at that Election, and ought to have their Delegate or Commissioner to attend that Meet-been returned accordingly as Member duly elected to ing, meaning thereby to give their Interest at the serve in Parliament for that District; but the said Election to the said Lieutenant Colonel Moncrief, who John Anstruther, Esquire, has been most unduly and did accordingly attend and voted at the Election for improperly returned, in place of the said Lieutenant him; that Commissions were there produced by the Colonel James Moncrief to the manifest Injury of the said John Anstruther, Esquire, as Delegate for the Bo* Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take rough of Kilrenny, by Sir John Anstruther, of An-the Premises into their Consideration, and grant them struther, Baronet, as Delegate for the Borough of such Relief as to the House shall seem meet. Anstruther-Easter, by Alexander Gibson, Esquire, of

A Petition of Andrew Gray, Baillie, William Gray, Durie, as Delegate for the Borough of Anstruther-Junior, Alexander Tenant, James Bannalyne, William Wester, and by Philip Anstruther Paterson, of Eccles, Halson, and Alexander Jordan, Constituent Members Son to the said Sir John Anstruther, as Delegate for of the Town Coun.nl of the Borough of Anstnither- the Borough of Pittenweem; and that the Persons Easter, on the 16th of April 1784, and of Colonel John named in these Commissions voted for the said John Thomson, of Charktoum, elected by them Commissioner, Anstmther, Esquire, in consequence whereof he has or Delegate, to vote in the Election of a Member of been returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for Parliament to represent that District of Boroughs, that District of Boroughs, but the Whole of the said was also read; Setting forth, That Lieutenant Co- Four Commissions were most illegally and improperly lonel James Moncrief, of Airdrie, and John Anstruther, procured, and made out in consequence of certain Esquire, of Lincolns Inn, Counsellor at Law, were political Frauds and undue Devices, practised by the Candidates at the last Election of a Member to serve said John Anstruther, Esquire, the said Sir John m Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Kilrenny, Anstruther, and others his Friends and near Relations, Anstruther-Easter, Anstruther-Wester, Pittenweem, and whereby they have endeavoured to monopolize the Craill, in Scotland, which Election was held at KU- Government and Administration of the said Four Bo-renny on Monday the 26th of April 1784; and that, roughs, by keeping it in their own Hands, thereby

reducing

Bs

W

24 Geo. IIL 28® 37

reducing Four separate and independent Corporations in effect to One only, to the Subversion of the Freedom of the District, of the Petitioners in particular, and even of the whole Estate of Royal Burghs in Scotland; and that Sir Robert Anstruther, Baronet, was duly elected as Delegate for the Borough of Kilrenny, and Colonel John Thomson\ of Charktown, duly chosen Delegate for the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, by the real Constituent ’ and Independent Members' of the Town Council of these Boroughs, and ought to have been returned accordingly; and that these Delegates voted under Protest, in Terms of Law, for the said Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief who ought to have been returned as Member accordingly, having the Majority of legal Voters; and that farther, the Commission for the Boroughs of Anstruther-Wester, and Pit-temceem, were unduly and improperly made, by Persons having no Title or Right to Vote, and were void and null, so that the said John Anstruther, Esquire, has been most unduly and improperly returned, in Place of the said Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief\ to the tnanifest Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally Ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the said Petition of James Moncrief, of Sauchope, Esquire, for Himself, and in Name and Behalf of Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief of Airdrie, his Son, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, Or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, On the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Queensfeijy, A Petition of Colonel James Francis Erskine, of «kg.Election. porrcs^ was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Representative to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Queensferry, Stirling, Inner heithing, Dunfermline, and Culross, Major James Campbell and the Petitioner were the only Candidates; and that the said Major James Campbell has been returned as duly elected* notwithstanding he was disqualified and ineligible, and notwithstanding the Majority of the legal Voters of the said District of Boroughs voted for and chose the Petitioner to be their Represent^ ative in this present Parliament; and, the Election and Return of the said Major James Campbell was procured by Bribery and Corruption, and by other undue and unconstitutional Means and Influence; and that the said Major James Campbell being ineligible, and his

Ineligibility having been duly notified to the Electors, and his Election and Return being obtained by undue Means and Influence, the Petitioner conceives that his said Election and Return w'as and is void* and that he the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned the Representative to serve in Parliament for the said Dis* trict of Boroughs: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and that he may have such Relief as to the House shall ' seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 26th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons* Papers* and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the* said Petition.

o

Elgin and A Petition of Alexander Penrose Camming, of A Ity re, Forrt-s Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the late

tecuon. Flection of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Elgin and Forres, the Vol. 40.

Right honourable Janies Earl Fife, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the Petitioner conceives he was duly elected; and ought to have been returned as Cotnmissioiler for the said Shire, the Majority of the Freeholders present, qualified and entitled by Law, having given their Votes for him; but the Praeses of the Meeting having admitted the Votes of several Persons, who, as the Petitioner is advised and conceives, were not legally qualified or entitled, and who were objected to at the Time as not possessed of such real Freehold Estates and Qualificatioils as the Law requires, and upon other Grounds, and the said Persons having voted for the said James Earl Fife, there was an apparent Majority in his Favour, and he has been accordingly returned as the Commissioner, elected contrary to Law, and in Prejudice of the Petitioners Right: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Cons -deration, to permit him to be heard, by his Counsel, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 31st Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons; Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire, was read; Wigton, &c, Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Delegate, Elation, or Commissioner, for the Burgh of Whithorn, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in order to meet the Commissioners chosen, or to be chosen, by the other Three Burghs of that District, viz. Wigton, New Galloway, and Stranrawer, for the Purpose of electing a Burgess to represent them in Parliament, Captain John Hawthorn, of Castlerwig, a Member of the Council of Whithorn, was, by divers illegal and corrupt Practices, chosen by a Majority of One Voice, on the.

16th Day of April last, a Delegate from the said Burgh of Whithorn, in Opposition to the Honourable Keith Stewart, of Glasserton, who had the Majority of legal and uncorrupted Votes, and who took the proper Protests thereupon; and that, on the 26th Day of the said Month of April last, the several Commissioners returned by the said Burghs met at Wigton, and proceeded to the Election oi a Burgess to serve in Parliament, when Major General William Dalrympte and the Petitioner were Candidates; and that Mr. Nezcall, the Delegate from the Burgh of New Galloway, and Mr.

Ligget, the Delegate from Stranrawer, and the said Captain John Hawthorn, as Delegate from the Burgh of Whithorn, voted for the said Major General William Dalrympte, and Robert Vans Agncic, the Delegate from the Burgh of Wigton, which was also the Returning Burgh for this Election, and had in consequence the Casting Voice in case of an Equality of Voices, and which Casting Voice Mr. Agnezv claimed and declared, voted for* the Petitioner, as did the Honourable Keith Stewart, under a due Protest against the said Election, and Vote of the said John Hawthorn, as Delegate, and claiming himself to he admitted to vote for the Petitioner, and under the proper Protest voting accordingly, in consequence whereof the Petitioner was truly and legally chosen the Representative to serve in Parliament; nevertheless, by means of these, and several other illegal and corrupt Practices by thh said Major General William Dalrympte, or his Agents, previous to the said Election, the said Major General William Daltymple hath bden returned as the Representative to serve in Parliament for the said District of Burghs: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under their Consideration, and give to the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

L Ordered,

j

t,

j

London

Election.

.0,8° Mail. 1784.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- Esquire, Brook Watson, Esquire, and Richard Atkinson, sideration upon Thursday the 2d Day of September next, Esquire, were Candidates, between w hom (and other at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Candidates, who afterwards declined) a Poll was

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or taken, and, in the Course of the said Poll, many Per-Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as sons polled for the said John who had no

shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Right to poll at the said Election; and that, at the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. Close of the said Poll, a considerable Majority of

legal Votes was in Favour of the said Richard Atkinson, A Petition of Richard Atkinson, Esquire, was read; Sir Watkin Lewes, Nathaniel and Brook

Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Citizens to Watson, and they were entitled to be returned by the serve for the City of London in Parliament, John Saw- said Sheriffs as the Four Citizens elected to serve for bridge, Esquire, Six Watkin Lewes, Knight, Nathaniel the said City of in Parliament; but, by the

Newnham, Esquire, Brook Watson, Esquire, and the Admission on the Poll of many Persons who had no Petitioner, were Candidates, between whom (and Right to vote, a colourable Majority of Seven Votes other Candidates who afterwards declined) a Poll was was obtained at the Close of the Poll for the said John taken, and, in the course of the said Poll, many Per- Sawbridge over the said Richard Atkinson, in conse-sons polled for the said John Sawbridge, who had no quence of which a Scrutiny was demanded by some of Right to poll at the said Election; and that, at the the Petitioners, and granted by the Sheriffs, who were Close of the said Poll, a considerable Majority of the Returning Officers upon the said.. Election; and legal Votes was in Favour of the said Sir Watkin that the said Scrutiny was proceeded upon for several Leu-cs, Nathaniel Newnham, Brook Watson, and the Days, but the Mode of proceeding in the said Scru-Petitioner, and they were entitled to be returned by tiny, under the express Orders of the Sheriffs, made the said Sheriffs as the Four Citizens elected to serve at the Instance of the said John Sawbridge and his for the said City of London in this present Parliament; Scrutineers, was such as had not been usual in such hut, by the Admission on the Poll of many Persons Cases, and was productive of great Delay, insomuch who had no Right to vote, a colourable Majority of that very few Votes were scrutinized, and it appeared Seven Votes was obtained at the Close of the Poll for to be impossible to finish the Scrutiny within the Time

the said John Sawbridge over the Petitioner, in consequence of which, a Scrutiny was duly demanded by some of the Electors, and granted by the Sheriffs, who were the Returning Officers upon the said Election; and that the said Scrutiny was proceeded upon for several Days, but the Mode of proceeding in the said Scrutiny, under the express Orders of the Sheriffs, made at the Instance of the said John Sawbridge and his Scrutineers, was such as had not been usual in such Cases, and was productive of great Delay, insomuch that very few Votes were scrutinized, and it appeared to be impossible to finish the Scrutiny within the Time limited by Law, wherefore it was abandoned in order to appeal tt> the Justice of this House; and that, in the Course of the said Scrutiny, the Sheriffs took upon them to disallow the Votes of several Persons who voted for the Petitioner, whose Votes were good, and to allow the Votes of other Persons who had voted for the said John Sawbridge, who had no Right to vote at the said Election; and that the said Sheriffs, although the real Majority of legal Votes was as hereinbefore-mentioned, have unduly returned the said John Sawbridge, with the said Sir in Lewes, Nathaniel Newnham, and Brook Watson, to represent the said City of London in this present Parliament; and that the Petitioner conceives, that, upon a correct Enquiry and Examination into the State of the said Poll, as between the said John Sawbridge and the Petitioner, it will appear that the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes over the said John Sawbridge, and that the Petitioner ought to have been returned to represent the said City of London in this present Parliament, instead of the said John Sawbridge: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 7th Day of September next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Samuel Smith, James Bogle , Sir Samuel Hannay, Baronet, John Withci's, John Merry, and William Stock, Liverymen of the City of London, and Electors of Citizens to serve for the said City in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Liverymen of the said City, was also read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Citizens to serve for the City of London in Parliament, John Sawbridge, Esquire, Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, Nathaniel Newnham,

limited by Law, wherefore it was abandoned, in order to appeal to the Justice of this House; and that, in the Course of the said Scrutiny, the Sheriffs took upon themselves to disallow the Votes of several Persons w'ho voted for the said Richard Atkinson, whose Votes were good, and to allow the Votes of other Persons who had voted for the said John Sawbridge, who had no Right to vote at the said Election; and that the said Sheriffs, although the real Majority of legal Votes was as hereinbefore-mentioned, have unduly returned the said John Sawbridge, with the said Sir Watkin Lewes, Nathaniel Newtiham, and Brook -son, to represent the said City of London in this present Parliament; and that the Petitioners conceive, that upon a correct Enquiry and Examination into the State of the said Poll, as between the said John Sawbridge and Richard Atkinson, it will appear that the said Richard Atkinson had a great Majority of legal Votes over the said John Sawbridge, and that he, the said Richard Atkinson, ought to have been returned to represent the said City of London in this present Parliament, in stead of the said John Sawbridge: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, or Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the tothand nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Oaths in Order, a Bill to ascertain the Manner and Form of Scotland, taking an Oath by certain Persons, Protestants of the 2 ancient

24 Geo. III. 28° Mail. 39

ancient Church of Scotland; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

jebtors A Petition of the Debtors whose Names are there-

etitiun. under written, being Prisoners confined for Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, in and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Trent and A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, was pre- sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of T>erhy, to the River Mersey, in the County of Chester, which they have several Years since completed; and that, by an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons therein named were united into one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, and were impowered to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Coventry, to join the Canal of the Petitioners on Fradley Heath; and that, by another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons therein also named were united into one other Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, and were impowered to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford; and that the said Canal, so authorized to be made from Coventry to the Canal of the Petitioners at Fradley Heath, hath been completed from Coventry to At her-stone, in the County of Warwick; and the said Canal, authorized to be made from Coventry to Oxford, hath been completed from Coventry to Banbury, but the other Parts of the said several Undertakings remain yet to be executed; and that, at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the Petitioners, and the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Canal Navigations, and from certain Subscribers to a new-proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal, in the Neighbourhood of Fazcley, it was proposed and agreed by such Delegates, on the Part of their respective Companies or Constituents, that, in order to effect a general Communication between the Canal of the Petitioners and the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, and the Town of Birmingham, it would be necessary that the Coventry Canal should be completed between Atherstone and Fradley Hsath, that the Oxford Canal should be completed from Banbury to Oxford, and that the Subscribers to the said new-proposed Navigation should execute a Canal from the said Collieries to Birmingham and to Fazely; and, the more easily to effect the Communication between Fazely and Fradley Heath, it was agreed that the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal should, by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise, relinquish to the Petitioners, and to the Subscribers to such proposed Canal, that Branch of the said Coventry Canal lying between Fazely and Fradley Heath, and that the same should be executed by them at their joint Expence, and that, when the said Canal between Fazely and Fradley. Heath should be completed, it should be equally divided between, and each Part cojqsidered jis Vol. 40.

the separate and distinct Property of, the Petitioners and the said Subscribers, and be supported accordingly; and that, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place called " Rider's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Bivad " Water Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from " the same, to several Coal Mines; and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham,

" to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of " the Town of Birminghamaster reciting the said Agreement of Delegates, and that the Canals and Collateral Cuts, thereby authorized to be made, had been substituted in the Stead of the said proposed Canal from the Collieries at Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to Fazeley aforesaid, and that the Company of Proprietors, incorporated by the said Act, had, in Consideration thereof, agreed to ratify and confirm the Agreement so entered into at Coleshill, on Behalf of the said former Subscribers, with respect to the Execution of that Part of the said Coventry Canal from Fazeley to Fradley Heath aforesaid, it is enacted, that the said Agreement, so entered into by the said Subscribers, and the several Matters and Things therein specified and contained, to be done and performed by, and on their Parts, should be binding and conclusive on the Company of Proprietors, incorporated by the said last mentioned Act, as fully and effectually as if they had been Parties thereto; and . that, by certain Articles of Agreement, made the 29th Day of October 1783, between the Petitioners, the said Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, the before*mentioned Agreement, entered into at Coleshill, was, on their respective Parts, ratified and confirmed; and that the Petitioners are w illing and desirous to carry the said Agreement into Execution on their Parts, but are advised that the same cannot be effectually done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to carry the said Agreement into Execution on their Parts, and for giving them such Powers and Authorities as may be necessary for that Purpose, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wrottesley, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Bucks Verney, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was delivered in ElccUon* at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Bucks, which came on at Aylesbury on the 21st Day of April last past, the Petitioner and the Right honourable William fVyndham Grenville, and John Aubrey, Esquire, were Candidates; and that at the said Election, a Poll being demanded and taken before the Sheriff for the said County, a Majority of legal Votes was polled or tendered in Favour of the Petitioner over the said John Aubrey, and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned one of the Knights of the Shire for the said County; but the said Sheriff admitted a great Number of illegal Votes in Favour of the said John Aubrey, and rejected many legal Votes which were tendered so Favour of the Petitioner, and hath returned

the

Receipt Tax.

Bristol

Election.

A. 1784.

the said JFilliatn JVyndhain Grenville and John Aubrey, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parlia-as the Two Persons duly elected to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, inent, as Knights of the Shire for the said County; the Petitioner and Matthew Brichdalc, Henry Cruger, and that the said John Aubrey, by his Agents and and Samuel Peach, Esquires, were Candidates; and Friends, previous to and during the Election, was that the said Henry Cruger was, at the Time of die guihy of many undue, illegal, and unwarrantable said Election, incapable of being elected to serve in Practices, arid thereby procured himself to be re- Parliament for the said City and County, because the turned in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in Viola- said Henry Cruger, who is a Native of one of the tion of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors for United States of America, and was, at the lime oi the said County: And therefore praying, That the the said Election, resident within the Territories ot House will take the Premises into Consideration, and one of the said States, did, previous to the said Elec-grant him such Relief therein as to the House shall seem tion, and after the Congress of the said States had meet. declared the said States to be free and independent.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consi- and absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, deration upon Thursday the 9th Day of September next, and also after the Independence of the said States had at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. been in a lawful Manner acknowledged by llis 3Ma-

Manoravdum: ' ‘ jesty, take an Oath or Oaths of Allegiance to the

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 1 oth and said United States, or to one of them, and did there-11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to by or otherwise actually or virtually renounce his fregulate the Trials of controverted Elections Allegiance to His Majesty, and to this Country and or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the Government thereof, and became an Alien, ami the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent not entitled to the Privileges of the natural-born

to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for Subjects of this Country; and that the said Henry

their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, Cruger was incapable, at the rliine of the said Election, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition of being elected a Member to serve in Parliament for ivas ordered to be taken into Consideration. the said City and County, because he was not at the

Ordard; That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Time of the said Election seised of or entitled to such Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as, shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the is by Law required to qualify a Person in Parliament Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. as a Knight of the Shire, or as a Citizen, for any

County or City in England; and that the Agents of The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs of the said Henry Cruger were guilty of Bribery, and the City of London attended at the Door; he was called other corrupt and illegal Practices, before and during

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the said Election, and, by Bribery, Threats, Violence,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and and undue Influence, a great Number of Persons Commons of the City of London, in Common Council were induced to vote for the said Henry Cruger at the assembled. said Election, many of whom would otherwise have

And then he withdrew. voted for the Petitioner; and that, at the said Elec-

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, tion, a great Majority of legal Votes were given lor That an Act was made in the Twenty-third Year of the Petitioner, over those which were given for the the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act said Ileuiy Cruger and Samuel Peach, and the Petitioner " for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-second was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, " Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for as^ one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the " charging a Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Ex- said City and County; but the Sheriffs and Returning " change. Promissory Notes, or other Notes, payable Officers of the said City and County admitted a great " otherwise than upon Demand;" and for granting many Persons to vote for the said Henry Cruger, at " new Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory the said Election, who had no Right, and ought not " and other Notes, and also Stamp Duties on Re- to have been admitted to'vote at the said Election, " ceipts," wherein, amongst other Matters therein and rejected the Votes ot clivers Persons who ten-contained, certain Stamp Duties were laid on Re- dered their Votes lor the Petitioner, and had a Right ceipts; and that the said Act was, by another Act, to vote at the said Election, and by such Means, and made in the last Session of Parliament, further en- other Acts of Partiality, created a colourable Majo-forced, and a Penalty imposed on Persons writing or rity on the Poll in Favour of the said Henry Cruger signing Receipts without being first duly stamped; over* the Petitioner, and have unduly returned the and that the Petitioners have always borne most wil- said Henry Cruger, as one of the Members to serve in lingly their Share in the necessary Burthens of the Parliament for the said City and County, to the great State, but they conceive the Stamp Duty on Re- Injury of the Petitioner, and of the legal Electors ceipts, so further enforced by the Amendment, to be for the said City and County: And therefore praying, a Tax riot only very burthensome, but peculiarly That the House will take the Premises into Consider-vexatious and partial, as it operates chiefly on the ation, and declare, that the Election and Return of Traders of; this Nation, and very little affects any the said Henry Cruger were and are void, and that the other Description of Men; for, although it be enacted, Petitioner was and is duly elected, and ought to have that the Person requiring the Receipt shall pay the been returned as one of the Members to serve in Par-Tax, yet it is well known that Traders in general liament for the said City and County; and will grant to are in such a Situation, that they cannot refuse the the Petitioner such farther Relief in the Premises as to Receipt, gratis, without giving Offence: And there- the House shall seem meet.

fore praying the House to take the Premises into Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consi-Consideration, and that so much of the said Acts, as deration upon Tuesday the 14th Day of September next, relates to Stamp Duties imposed on Receipts, maybe at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, repealed. A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Table. being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, A Petition of George Daubeny, Esquire, was deli- was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting vered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve

£ in

a 8°Mail 1

.24 Geo. III.

38^1

in Parliament for the said City and County, Matthew Brickdak, George Daubeny, Henry Cruger, and Samuel Peach, Esquires, were Candidates; and that, at the Time of the said Election, the said Henry Cruger was incapable of being elected to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, because the said Hetiry Cruger, previous to the said Election, and after the Congress of the United States of America had declared the said States to be free and independent, and absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and also after His Majesty had in a lawful Manner acknowledged the said States to be free, sovereign, and independent States, did take an Oath or Oaths, or subscribe a Declaration or Declarations, of Allegiance to the said United States, or one of them, and did thereby and otherwise actually or virtually renounce his Allegiance to His Majesty and to this Country, and became an Alien, and not entitled to the Privileges of the natural-born Subjects of this Country; and that the said Henry Cruger was also, at the Time of the said Election, incapable of being chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, because he was not, at the Time of the said Election, seised of, or entitled to, an Estate, Freehold or Copyhold, for his own Life, or for any greater Estate, either in Law or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above what would have satisfied and cleared all Incumbrances that might affect the same, lying or being within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the Annual Value of £. 300, above Reprizes; and that the Agents of the said Henry t Cmget' were, before and during the said Election, guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices; and that by Bribery, Threats, violent and undue Influence, a great Number of Persons were induced to vote for the said Henry Cruget* at the iaid Election, many of whom would otherwise have voted for the said George Daubeny; and that, at the said Election, a great Majority of Votes, over those which were given for the said Henry Cruger and Samuel Peachy were given by the Petitioners, and others duly qualified to vote, in Favour of the said George Daubeny, who was duly chosen at the said Election, and ought to have been returned as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County; but the Sheriffs and Returning Officers of the said City and County admitted a great Number of Persons to vote for the said Henry Cruger at the said Election, who had no Right, and ought not to have been admitted, to vote at the said Election, and rejected the Votes of divers Persons who tendered their Votes for the said George Daubeny, and had a Right to vote at the said Election, and by such Means, and other Acts of Partiality, created a colourable Majority on the Poll in Favour of the said Henry Cruger over the said George Daubeny, and have unduly returned the said Henry Cruger as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and of the said George Daubeny: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in kthe 10th and iith Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elec* tions, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices as in former Cases were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance by thernselve

Vol. 40,

their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought- necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions,

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing.at Westminster the Bar of this House thd Matter of the Petition of the Election-Right honourable Charles James Fox, relating to the late Election for the City of Westminster, and tb the Return or Answer of the Bailiff of the said City to the Precept of the Sheriff of Middlesex;

The Counsel for Mr. Fox; and also, the Counsel for the said Bailiff, were called in.

And the said Petition of the Right honourable Charts James Foxy and also, the Petition of Thomas Corbetty Bailiff of the City and Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster were read. ' \j

And the Counsel for Mr. Fox wepe heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of his Petition, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the Matter of the said Petition of the Right, honourable Charles James Fox, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Thomas Corbett*, Esquire, Bailiff of Persons to the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate attend. Church of Saint Peter, at Westminster, do attend this House upon Monday Morning pe^. -: <-:

Ordered, That Rfr; Grojan, ' Depqty to the Bailiff of the City of Westminster1 *, ao attend this House at the same Time.....< ’

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 31° die Mail; ,

Anno 240 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Hughson, Exchequer from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he Bills, 4 w as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and EightythreeAnd also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twentjfc-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty*

" three."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

1 The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

M

4*

31* Mail

A. 1784.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of die Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of " Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-three."

The Exchequer Bills made out, by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of

One Million.

Exchequer, the 31st Day of May 1784.

John Hughson.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ApCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum " of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for die Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-three."

The Exchequer Bills made out, by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 31st Day of May 1784.

John Hug.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the Table, to be perused by the Members of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers there-House. of amended and enlarged; and alledging, that Part of the said Roads lies in the great Road from London to Sheppard’s A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Bath, and the altering and diverting the present Road

Sbord Road, certain Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of Queen Anne, between Devizes and Sheppard's Sherd aforesaid, and the Eleventh of King George the First, and the Eight- the making a new Road to join the Turnpike Road tenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late leading from Sheppard’s Shord to Beckhampton, will be Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the a great Convenience to Travellers, by avoiding the

Highways between Sheppard's Shord and The Devizes, several steep Hills over which the Road at present

dha from Stert Stone, in the Parish of Urshfont, to Rowd passes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Ford, in the County of Wilts, and for changing and given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and altering Part of the said Highways, and for repairing Powers of the said Acts, and for making the said new the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone Road.

aforesaid; and of several Persons living near to, or Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the travelling the said Roads, was presented to the House, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do and read; Setting forth, That the said Acts have been examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as jiut in Execution, to the great Advantage of the Pnb- it shall appear to them, to the House: lie, whereby a considerable Debt hath been contracted, And it is referred to Mr Mr. Pen-

which cannot be paid ofij or the Roads be completely &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

9 Morning,

Debtors Petition.

Salford

Hoad.

24 Geo. Ill 31°

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Debtors in Fisherton Prison, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Geot'ge the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from a certain Place in the " Town of Salford, to the Towns of Warrington and " Bolton, and through Wardley Lane to the Town of " Wigan, and to the Stocks in the Township of " Duxbury, and to a Place called The Broad Oak, in #< Worsley, in the County Palatine of Lancasterand also, of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the said County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Thomas Butta'worth Bayley, Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money, to the Amount of upwards of £. 2,000, upon the Credit of the Tolls; which Money now remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

That the public Bridle Way or Horse Road leading from a Place called The South Sea, upon the Road between the Towns of Salford and Bolton, in the said Act mentioned# through the several Townships of Pendlebury and Prestxviok, into the public Turnpike Road betw'een Manchester and Bury, is at present very narrow and inconvenient, and in many Places deep and founderous; and that it would be of public Utility, if the same was made a Turnpike Road, whereby the Communication between several Parts of the Country would be shortened Four or Five Miles. — Then,

Mr, James Cooke was examined, who confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the said Bridle Way; and added, that the Estimate for repairing it amounts to £.277. 3*. and that £.600 has been subscribed for that Purpose.

Mr. Bayley being again examined, said, That many Alterations and Additions are nepessary to be made to the said Act; and it is proposed to repeal the Clause which exempts the Inhabitants of Worsley from Statute Work upon any Part of the Road between The Guide Post in Swinton, through Wariley Lane, to The Stocks in Worsley — That the Inhabitants of Worsley have now the Enjoyment of a large Road of Communication instead of a Bridle Way; and that it is proposed to say out £. 800 in repairing that Part of the Road, which is to be applied prior to any other Expenditure of Money upon the Roads.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year

\ou 40,

Maii. 43

of the Reign of King George the a Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from foe Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Bivad Oak, in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called The South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane to Dawson Lam End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over KersallMoori to Singleton Brook, in the 9aid County; And that Mr,

Thomas Stanley and Mr, Blackbume do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, sieaford to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Navigation. Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants residing at Sleaford and Boston, and the Country adjacent thereto, in the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that foe Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as. it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow’efo; viz.




t # # *


Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making navigable a certain Stream or River, and the Branches thereof, from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of New Sleaford, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Witham, near Chapel Hill, in the same County, and making necessary Cuts for better effecting such Navigation: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Anderson Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Several Petitions, complaining of ufidue Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented to the

OU99, #

Kwctbo* rough £l*o* tion.

44 . 31 0 Maii. 1784.

House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And Persons, who had no Right to poll at the said Election, the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions to give Votes for the said Lord Duncannon and James related, were. put into the Glass at the Table, and Hare, contrary to the Constitution of the said Borough, drawn by the Clerk in the following Order; viz. and the said James Collins did totally reject the legal

A Petition of Sir John Coghill, Baronet, was read; Votes of the Petitioners, and divers others, being In-Setting forth, That at the late Election of Burgesses habitants of the said Borough and resiant therein; and, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of under Colour that the said Lord Duncannon and Jamas Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of Hare had the Majority of legal Votes, the said James York, Frederick Ponsonby, Esquire, commonly called Collins did, contrary to the Protests of the said Sir t,ord Duncannon} James Hare, Esquire, Bacon Frank, John Coghill and the Petitioners, unjustly return the

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and said Lord Duncannon and James Hare the said Bur-

that the Petitioner! together with the said Bacon Frank, gesses, in Preference to the said Sir John Coghill and were duly elected Burgesses to serve in Parliament for Bacon Franky who had a greater Number of legal Votes the said Borough, by a great Majority of the Persons on the Poll than the said Lord Duncannon and James qualified to vote by the Constitution of the said Hare, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Peti-Borough, notwithstanding which, James Collins the tioners, and others the legal Voters and Electors of the

Younger, Esquire (who assumed to be the Borough said Borough, and in Defiance of the Laws requiring

Bailiff and Returning Officer of and for the said Bo- fair Elections: And therefore praying, That the House rough, and who did preside at the said Election as will take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Returning Officer, although he was objected to by Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall the Petitioner, as not duly chosen and qualified to seem meet.

execute the said Office at the said Election) thought OrderedThat the said Petition be taken into Con-

fit, contrary to all Justice and Right, and in V10- sideration at the same Time that the last preceding lation of the Constitution of the said Borough, ar- Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration, bitrarily to admit a number of Persons to vote for the Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

said Lord Duncannon and James Hare, who had no Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Right to vote at the said Election; and, under Colour shall be thought necessary by the several Parties on of a pretended Majority of Votes thus illegally admit- the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions, ted, the said Jams Collins, who presided at die said

Election as Returning Officer as aforesaid, hath unduly A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto Coventry returned the said Lord Duncamon, and James Hare, subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and others. Election, Esquire, as the Burgesses elected to represent the said being Freemen of the City of Coventry, and Electors Borough in Parliament, Jo the great Prejudice of the of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City,

Persons entitled to vote by the Constitution of the said was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Borough and to the great Injury of the said Bacon Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, the Frank and the Petitioner, who ought to have been Right honourable John Lord Sheffield of the Kingdom returned the said Burgesses; and that the said James of Ireland\ the honourable William Seymour Conway,

Collins did, in Defiance of the Laws requiring fair Elec- Sir Sampson Gideon, Baronet, and John Wilmot, Esquire, tions, and whilst he sat as Returning Officer as §fore- were Candidates; and that the said Sir Sampson Gideon said, openly act as the private Agent of and for the said and John Wilmot, before and during the said Elec-Lord Duncaryion and James Han: And therefore pray- tion, were, by themselves and their Agents, guilty of ing, That the House will take the Premises into Con- Bribery and other corrupt and illegal Practices, and sideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief therein as did, by themselves and their Agents, after the Teste: to the House shall seem meet. of the Writ for electing Citizens to serve in this Ear-

Ordwedy That the said Petition betaken into Consi- liament for the said City, and before and during the deration upon Thursday the 16th Day of September Poll taken at the said Election, directly and indirectly next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. give, present, and allow, to a great many Person*

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are having Voice in the said Election, Money, Meat, thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Borough Drink, Eutertainment, and Provisions, and make of Knaresborough, in the West Riding of the County of Presents, Gifts, and Entertainments, and Promises,

York, resiant within the same Borough, and Electors of Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Bo- and allow Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, Re-rough aforesaid, was also read;. Setting forth, That, at wards, and Entertainments, to a great many Persons the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for so having Voice in the said Election, in order to be the said Borough, Sjr John Coghill, Baronet, and Bacon elected, and for being elected, to sarve in Parliament Frank, Esquire, Freda^ick Ponsonby, Esquire, common- for the said City; and that, by the Means aforesaid, ly called Lord Duncannon, and James Hare, Esquire, the said Sir Sampson Gideon and John Wilmot, by them-were Candidates; and that James Collins the Younger, selves and their Agents, did endeavour to induce a Esquire (who pretended to be. Borough Bailiff of the great Number of the Electors for the said City to vote said Borough, and the Returning Officer at the said for them, the said Sir Sampson Gideon and John Wilmot, Election) presided at such Election as die Returning at the said Election, in open Violation of the Law,

Officer, notwithstanding he was objected to, as not being and against the Privileges of Parliament; and that a duly chosen and qualified to act as Returning Officer great Number of Electors for the said City were in-as aforesaid; and that, by the Constitution of the said duced by Bribery, Treating, Menaces, Violence, and Borough, no Person hath (as the Petitioners conceive, undue and corrupt Influence, to give their Votes at and doubt not to prove) any Right of voting upon the the said Election in Favour of the said Sir Sampson Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Gideon and John Wilmot, many of whom w ould other-said Borough but Inhabitants of the said Borough, wise have voted for the said John Lord Sheffield and who are resiant within the same; and that, at the said William Seymour Conway, by Means whereof a Ma-EJection, the said Sir John Coghill and Bacon Frank had jority on the Poll was obtained in Favour of the said a great Majority of legal Votes according (o the Con- Sir Sampson Gideon and John Wilmot, who have been sfitution of the said Borough, and the said Sir John, unduly returned by the Sheriffs and Returning Officers Coghill and Bacon Frank ought therefore to have been, of the said City, as the Persons duly elected Citizens, returned the Two Burgesses to serve for the said Bo- to serve in Parliament for the said City; whereas rough in this present Parliament; but the said James the said Sir Scunpson Gideon and John Wilmot were QoUins, who presided as Returning Offiqeras aforesaid, and are, by Reason of the said Bribery and other arbitrarily and unjustly thought fit to admit several corrupt and illegal Practices of themselves and their

Agents,

24 Geo. III. 31 0 Mait45

Agents, incapable of serving in Parliament for the Treasury, upoti the Application of the Petitioners, au-said City upon the said Election, and ought to he thorized the Commissioners of the Customs in England deemed, taken, and declared, to be no Members of this and Scotland to admit the Vessels to an Entry on Pay-House, and the Election and Return of them, the said ment of the Low Duties, upon Bond being given for

Sir Sampson Gideon and John Wilmot, was and is void; Payment of the High Duties; and that the Peti-

and that, by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal Practices tioners have given Bond accordingly, but, in Con-of the said Sir Sampson Gideon and John Wilmot, and sideration of the great Benefit derived to the Country their Agents, and the said undue Return of the said Sir by such Importation, they therefore pray, That Leave

Sampson Gideon and John Wilmot, the Petitioners, may be given to bring in a Bill, to discharge the

and the other Electors for the said City, are greatly. Petitioners from the Payment of the High Duties,

injured: And therefore praying, That the House will that the Bonds given for that Purpose may be cati-

take the Premises into their Consideration, and declare celled and discharged, of that the Petitioners may the said Election and Return of the said Sir Sampson have such other Relief as to the House shall appear Gideon and John Wilmot to be void, and grant such proper.

further and other Relief to the Petitioners in the Premises, Ordered', That the said Petition be referred to the

as to the House shall seem meet. . Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact

sideration upon Tuesday the 21st Day of September next, contained in the said Petition:

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. And it is referred to Mr. Hunter Blair, Mr. Henry

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. and Records.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of 11 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to Bank of Scotland, was presented to the House, and Scotland, regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of the Parlia-or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, ment of Sect land, made in the year 1695, intituled, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent " An Act for erecting a Bank in Scotland" a Joint to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders Stock, amounting to the Sum of Twelve hundred for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun- thousand Pounds Scots Money, or One hundred thou-sel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said sand Pounds Sterling, was allowed to be raised and several Petitions were ordered to be taken into paid in the Manner by the said Act directed; and it Consideration. was thereby declared, that the Persons subscribing and

paying to the said Stock, in Manner therein directed,

Ixmgnor A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, should be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name Inclosure. Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, within the Manor and Lordship of Long nor. in the under which Name they should have perpetual Suc-Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford, was cession, and should have a Common Seal, and certain read a Second Time. Rules were thereby prescribed for the better ordering

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hun- and managing the Affairs of the said Bank; and under getford\ Mr. Pochin, Scc.: And they are to meet this the said Act, and the Rules and Orders therein men-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers tioned, the said Bank was soon after established, and Chamber. has ever since continued; and that, by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Com import- A Petition of Messieurs Allan, Stemrt, and Co. Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Governor Hinto Charles and Robert Fall, Sir William Forbes, James " and Company of the Bank of Scotland to increase the

Scotland. Hunter and Co. Samuel Anderson, James Pilla?is and " Capital Stock of the said Company," it was enacted,

Co. John Chalmers and Co. John Beadie, Scougal and That, within One Month after the passing of the said Ogilvie, Adam Heir, John Thomson, James Thomson, Act, or as soon after as might be, the Court of Ordi*

Martin and Kerr, Robert Hart, George Hall, Whittet nary Directors should appoint a Book to be opened

Pullar and Hutton, James and John Stein, and Joseph and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland,

Lamb, William Batson and Co. was presented to the for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Ca-House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, pital, or Joint Stock, to the Extent of Twelve hun-Messieurs Allan, Steuart, and Co. Charles and Robert dred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Fall, Sir William Forbes, James Hunter and Co Samuel Pounds Sterling Money, and no more, in which Anderson, James Pillans and Co. John Chalmers and Book every Person or Persons, possessed of a Share or Co. John Beadie, Scougal and Ogilvie, Adam Kcir, Shares of the then Capital Stock of the said Bank of John Thomson, James Thomson, Martin and Kerr, Scotland, should be entitled to subscribe for as much Robert Hart, George Halt, Whittet Pullar and Hutton, of the said new or additional Stock as he, she, or James and John Stein, imported large Quantities of they should possess of the old or original Stock, at Com for the Relief of Scotland, in the Scarcity occca- the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no sioned by the Failure of the Crop of 1782, and risqued more, or for a lesser Number of Shares, if such Person very Jarge Sums in supplying the Wants of its dis- or Persons should so think proper; and that a Sub-tressed Inhabitants; and the Petitioners, Joseph Lambe, scription was accordingly opened, and the said new William Batson, and Co. the same Year likewise ini- or additional Capital, or Joint Stock, of Twelve hun* ported large Quantities of Corn for the Relief of dred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Newcastle, and its Neighbourhood; and that they Pounds Sterling Money, hath been subscribed for, and commissioned several Cargoes of Corn (mentioned in paid into the said Bank, pursuant to the last in Part the Petition) from The Baltic, and in order to have recited Act; and that the said Bank being a National entitled the Petitioners to the Benefit of entering the Advantage, a further Increase of its Capital Stock same on Payment of the Low Duties only upon such would still tend greatly to the Advancement of Corn-Corn, the same should have arrived before the 25th mcrce and Agriculture, and be otherwise highly be-of September, when the Ports were shut, but the Ships neficial to the Public: And therefore praying. That were detained beyond that Time by stormy Weather Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to enable the and contrary Winds; and that, in Consideration of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland fur-particular Circumstances of the Case, the Lords of the ther to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company,

Vol. 40. N under

31° Mail. . 1784.

Dixon’s Debt to the Crown.

Answer to Address.

British

Museum.

under such Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Hunter Blair, &c,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition, as well of John Goddard, of Elm, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, One of the Sureties for Francis Dixon, late of Upwell, in the same County, Esquire, deceased, Receiver General for the County of Cambridge, the Town and University of Cambridge, and the Isle of Ely, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and Inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax; as also of John Mayer, of Wisbech Saint Peters, in the same County, Gentleman, another of the Sureties for the said Francis Dixon, as Receiver General for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Servants and Inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax; together with a Certificate thereunto annexed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Leman reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Gallway reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, List, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed them for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of £. 30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to £.900, was, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose, upon which Representation they have, at sundry Times, obtained from this House various Sums to supply the Deficiency of their Income, which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to the King’s Librarian Yearly, amounting to about £. 250, have proved insufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to defray the Expences of the current Year: And

therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such farther Support, towards enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by

Parliament, for the general Benefit of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money granted by Parliament for the Use of the British Museum, and of the Expenditure thereof.

A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Weelccs Dolby, of Chippenham, in the County of Witts, Clerk, Executor of the last Will and Testament of Edward Dowries, deceased, who was Executor of the last Will and Testament of Charles Weekes, late of London. Merchant, deceased, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the said Charles IFcekes, being Owner of the Ship Hope, Burthen 133 Tons, or thereabouts, and she being, at the latter End of the Year 1743, Outward-bound from London, to bring Home a Loading of Sugars from Nevis, was, about the 1st of December 1743, let by Charter-Party to the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, to carry Stores to Gibraltar or Port Mahon, the Sailing Part whereof she performed, from the The Doxcns to Gibraltar, in Nineteen Days, and from The Downs to Port Mahon in Forty Days; but the said Ship was, nevertheless, contrary to the Spirit and true Meaning of the Charter Party, detained by Government more than Twelve Months, and during the Time used as if she had been hired as a Monthly Transport, in the Course of which Time she received considerable Damage, and her said Voyage to Nevis (where a Cargo was ready for her) and from thence to London, was totally defeated; and that the Government, in the War which began in 1739, had Two Methods of hiring Ships, viz. one for Transports, to be used at their Will and Pleasure, so long as the Service required, at about 15s. or 16$. a Ton per Month, taken into immediate Pay, and so continued till discharged, and, if discharged Abroad, such Pay was continued for a reasonable Time, for the Ship either to return Home, or to proceed elsew here, as the Owner had directed; the other Method of hiring Ships by Government was in the Manner The Hope had been hired as above mentioned, under certain Restrictions for particular Voyages, upon much cheaper Terms than the other, because the Owners of Ships Outward-bound, in order to bring Home Cargoes to Europe, having the Homeward-bound Freight for the chief Object, contracted with Government to carry Stores to Places lying near the Outward-bound Course, for very insignificant Freights, and Demurrages in Proportion to the true Value of the Use and Hire of the Ships for any Length of Time; and that, according to the Mode of hiring after the Manner of a Monthly Transport, the Money due to the said Weekes, in respect to the said Ship, amounted to £.1,700, and upwards, together with Interest, to commence at a certain Time, the Whole of which, both Principal and Interest, would now amount to upwards of £.5,000; and, according to the other Mode of hiring, the Money so due under the Charter-Party, and for the special Damages sustained by the said Weekes, from Government having deviated from the true Spirit and Meaning of the Contract, has already, in a Suit formerly instituted by the said Weekes against the said Commissioners, been proved to amount to £.2,000 and upwards, besides Interest; and that, although the said Weekes and Downes, in their Life Time, sought Satisfaction, both at Law and in Equity, and by other Means, for the said

British

Museum.

Dalby>

Claims*

24 Geo. III. 31° Mail. 47

said Damages, and have, in such their Endeavours, expended a very considerable Sum of Money in Costs, yet they have not, nor has the Petitioner, been able to obtain the same; and such Damages, including Freight, 8$c. with Interest thereof, now amount to £. 6,000 nearly, besides such Costs, and are at this Time wholly unpaid to the Estate of the said Wcekcs: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such complete and substantial Redress as the peculiar Hardships of his Case may require, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: and they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mf. Speaker left the Chair.

And there being a Difference in the Committee who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Gilbert do take the Chair of the said Committee;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; w'hich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands and Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and other Voters in the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, which came on the 2d Day of April last past, Eduard Cotsford, Esquire, was a Candidate, and a Poll was demanded to be taken in his Favour, he being present at the said Election; and, at the said Election, William Egerton, Esquire, and Edward Bear croft, Esquire, were also Candidates, and a Poll was also demanded to be taken in their Favour, they being also present at the said Election; and that, at the said Election, the Petitioners voted for the said Edward Cotsford, and others, Voters of the said Borough, voted for the said William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft; and that the said William Egcj'ton and Edward Bearcroft, by themselves or Agents, previous to and during the said Election, were guilty of gross Bribery in Vol. 40,

corrupting the Voters; that a general System of Bribery and Corruption prevailed in the said Borough, and the Voters were influenced to vote for the said William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, by large Sums of Money given to them previous to the said Election, and by beneficial Promises made to them by the said William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, or their Agents; and that several illegal Threats were made use of, previous to the said Election, by the said William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, or their Agents, to influence Persons to vote for them, the said William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, some of which Threats have been performed and carried into Execution, and several Bargains were made with many of the Voteris, previous to the said Election, by the said William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, or their Agents, to vote as they directed; and that the Returning Officer was guilty of the most illegal Partiality, previous to and during the said Election, by going round and canvassing the Borough with the said William Egertbn and Edward Bearcroft, or their Agents, previous to the said Election, and by admitting Persons to vote for the said William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, who had no legal Right to vote, and rejecting other Persons who had respectively a legal Right to vote, and who tendered themselves at the Poll to vote for the said Edward Cotsford; and that, by these and various other corrupt and illegal Means, a Majority of Votes was obtained, on the Face of the Poll, in Favour of the said William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, and theywere declared duly elected, in direct and manifest Violation of the Freedom of Election, and to the Prejudice and manifest Injury of the Petitioners and others, Voters in the said Borough, their 'Franchises being materially affected and lessened thereby:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday die 23d Day of September next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Tonkin, of the Borough of Ashburton . Ashburton, in the County of Devon, Gentleman, John Election. Winsor, of Ashburton aforesaid, Clothier, Joseph Leman, of Ashburton aforesaid, Yeoman, Isaac Tinckam, of Holne, in the said County, Gentleman, Benjamin Elliot, of Ashburton aforesaid, Yeoman, Peter Woodley, of Ashburton aforesaid, Clerk, James Woodley, of Ashburton, aforesaid, Yeoman, John Smerdon, of Ashburton aforesaid, Gentleman, James Churchward\ of Stoke Gabriel, in the said County of Decon, Gentleman,

Jacob Ley, of Cockington, in the said County of Decon, Gentleman, and John Codner, of Abbotskerswill, in the said County of Devon, Gentleman, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at a Court held in the said Borough of Ashburton, on Monday the 5th Day of April 1784, by William Winsor and Joseph Sunter, Portreeves and Returning Officers of the said Borough, for the Purpose of electing Two Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Nicholas Tripe, of Ashburton, Surgeon, then and there put in Nomination Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, and Robert Mackreth, Esquire, as Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Petitioner John Tonkin, being an Elector of the said Borough, thereupon stated some Objections to that Nomination, and himself nominated to the said Returning Officers, and recommended to the Electors then and there assembled, Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, as a fit and proper Person to be One of the Representatives of the said Borough of Ashburton

48

31° Mail.

A. 1784.

in Parliament, and accordingly demanded a Poll to be opened for the said Sir Ralph Payne, which Nomination, Recommendation, and Demand, were seconded by the Petitioner JqHh Winsor, another Elector of the said Borough; and that the said Sir Ralph Payne, being thus proposed, the other Two Candidates then in Nomination, Sir Robert Palk, Baronet, and Robert Mackrethy Esquire, who were both personally present, produced on Oath their respective Qualifications, under the Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, to sit in Parliament, and the like Qualification of the said Sir Ralph Payne was by some of the Electors required to be then and there immediately produced, previous to the Admission of the said Sir Ralph Payne as a Candidate, or to the Opening of any Poll for him; and that the said Sir Ralph Payne not being in Person present, the said Requisition could not be then complied with, and it was insisted, on Behalf of the said Sir Ralph Payne, that the Law did not require the Production of his Qualification at the Place of Election, as an indispensable Condition previous to his being received as a Candidate, or to the Opening of a Poll for him, yet the said Returning Officers, partially contriving to procure the Return of the said Sir Robert Palk and Robert Mackreth, did, in Breach of their Duty, refuse to admit the said Sir Ralph Payne as a Candidate to represent the said Borough of Ashburton in Parliament, and to open a Poll for him, because the said Sir Ralph Payne's Qualification to sit in Parliament was not then and there produced, whereby the Petitioners, and all other Electors of the said Borough, were deprived by the said Returning Officers of the Opportunity of exercising their Franchise in Favour of the said Sir Ralph Payne, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and others the Electors of the said Borough, and in manifest Violation of the Freedom of Election; and that, in pursuance of the said partial and illegal Design of the said Returning Officers, to procure the Return of the said Sir Robert Palk and Robert Mackrethy Esquire, a Poll was then and there opened for the said Sir Robert Palk and Robert Mackrethy Esquire, together with the Right honourable Frederick Lord North, who had been afterwards put in Nomination, and the said Sir Robert Palk, and Robert Mackrethy Esquire, have been returned duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ashburton; and that the said Sir Ralph Payne did, on the 171I1 Day . of May Instant, before William Addington and Edmund Kelly, Esquires, Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westminster, duly take the Oath ot Qualification prescribed by the Act of the Ninth of Queen Anne, for securing the Freedom of Parliaments by the further qualifying the Members to sit in the House of Commons; and that the Petitioners conceive, and are advised, that such partial and illegal Conduct of the said Portreeves, Returning Officers of the said Borough of Ashburton, touching the said Election and Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, has rendered such Election and Return null and void: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief, and take such other Measures for vindicating the Privileges of Electors against the partial and illegal Conduct of Returning Officers, as the Nature of this Case shall, in the Judgment of the House, require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 8th Day of July next, at the same Time that the Petition of Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Par-

the

Hearing

O

of the Matter of the said

tics, on Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Trade witl a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for America, further continuing, for a Time to be limiteJ, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing " certain Instruments from being required from Ships " belonging to the United States of America; and to " give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Cotnmerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States.*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants, Household- Westroinst ers, and Electors, of the City and Liberty of West- £lecU««. minster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, wus presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Two Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, the Right honourable Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Baron Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, and Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, were Candidates; and that a Poll being demanded, the same was opened by Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, on the 1st Day of April 1784, and continued from Day to Day, Sundays excepted, until the 17th Day of May, being the Day before the Day on which this present Parliament was summoned to meet, and when the Writs for the Election of Members to' serve therein were commanded to lie returned* on which said 17th Day of May, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, the said Thomas Corbett finally closed the said Poll; and that the Numbers upon the said Poll, at the final dose of the same, were as follows; viz. for Lord Hood, 6,694; for the Right honourable Charles James Fox, 6,233; for Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, 5,998; and that, in Consequence of an Agreement proposed by Lord Viscount Mahon, on the Part of Lord Hood and Sir Cecil I Fray, and entered into between the said Candidates at the Commencement of the said Poll, Eleven Inspectors on each Side, and Five Friends on each Side, constantly attended the said Poll, and no Vote, to which any Objection was made, was received on the said Poll without an Appeal to the presiding Officer, and his Decision that such Vote w as good; and that, in the early Part of the said Poll, Sir Cecil Wray obtained a Majority of Vote9 thereon, to the Number of 318, and, from the Time such Majority began to be

diminished

24 Geo. III. 31 0 Mail49

diminished to the final Close of the said Poll, almost every Vote which was tendered for the Right honourable Charles James Fox was vehemently contested, and every Objection which could be suggested, either by Inspectors, Friends, or Counsel, was made thereto; and that the said Poll was finally closed by the said Thomas Corbett, neither by the Consent of the Candidates, nor after a certain Interval without the Tender of any Vote, but by his, the Bailiff’s, own Authority, because the King’s Writ to the Sheriff* commanded the $ame to be returned by the 18th Day of May 1784; and that the said Precept from the Sheriff* to the Bailiff* of Westminster, after informing the said Bailiff* that he, the said Sheriff, had received a certain Writ of the King, to him directed, which is in such Precept set out in the very Words thereof, commands the said Bailiff to cause Two Citizens to be elected for the said City, according to the Exigency of the said Writ, and in what Manner he shall have executed that Precept immediately after the said Election to make known to the said Sheriff* so that he may certify the *ame to the King in His Chancery, as by the said Writ he is commanded; and that not only the plain and precise Terms of the said Writ and Precept, but the constant and invariable Usage of Parliament, require a Return of Members to serve in Parliament on or before the 18th Day of May, being, in this Instance, the Day on which the Parliament was summoned to meet; and that the Act of the Tenth and Eleventh of King William the Third, Chapter 7, doth positively and unequivocally require the Sheriff, or other Officer having the Execution and Return of any Writ for the Election of Members to serve in any new Parliament summoned and called, to make Return of the same on or before the Day that such Parliament shall be called to meet; and that, after the final Close of the said Poll, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon on the 17th Day of May, a Scrutiny of the said Poll was demanded on Behalf of Sir Cecil Wray, which was immediately objected to by the Petitioners, who strongly urged, that such Scrutiny could not be proceeded upon by the said Bailiff, after the Time in which by Law he was required to return the said Writ, and that when he had finally closed the said Poll, because by Law he had no Power to continue the same any longer, it would be inconsistent and absurd to grant a Scrutiny into such Poll, to commence and be proceeded upon by him after his Power to continue such Poll was terminated, yet the said Bailiff' did take upon him, contrary to the Exigency of the Writ, the positive Injunction of the said Statute, and the invariable Law and Usage of Parliament, in the most arbitrary and illegal Manner, to declare that he would grant such Scrutiny, to commence and be proceeded upon after the Day appointed for the Return of the Writs for summoning this Parliament; and that, immediately after the final Close of the Poll and casting up the Numbers, which appeared to be in Favour of Lord Hood and the Right honourable Charles James Fox, the Petitioners caused an Indenture of Return of Lord Hood and the Right honourable Charles James Fox, executed by the Petitioners, to be tendered to the said High Bailiff, but he positively refused to accept or to execute the same; and that, notwithstanding such Pretence of granting a Scrutiny, the said Bailiff* being well aware that he was bound by Law to make a Return on or before the 18th Day of May, and that it was not lawful for him on any Pretence to refuse or neglect to make a Return, did, on the said 17th Day of May, make to the Sheriff of Middlesex the Return herein after set forth; and that the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex has made the following Return to the Clerk of the Crown: 44 The Sheriff of the County of Middlesex certifies and returns, that 14 by virtue of the Writ to him directed, he, on the u 26th Day of March, in the Twenty-fourth Year 14 of His present Majesty’s Reign, duly made and Vol.40.

44 delivered nis Precept to the Bailiff of the liberty of Westminster the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Election.

44 Saint Peter at Westminster, whereby he commanded him without Delay to cause Two Citizens to be elected for the said City; and that, on the 17th of May, in the Year aforesaid, he did receive from the said Bailiff a Return or Answer to the said Precept, and which he hath annexed to the Writ to him, the said Sheriff, directed, and which Return or Answrer is in the Words and Figures following: — Thomas Corbett,

44 Bailiff* of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, doth hereby certify unto the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, that, by virtue of a certain. Precept, dated the Twenty- sixth Day of March last, and on the same Day delivered to him the said Bailiff, by the said Sheriff,

44 for the Election of Two Citizens to serve in the ensuing Parliament for the City of Westminster,

44 and by virtue of the Writ therein recited (Pro- clamation of the Premises, in the said Precept first mentioned, of the Pay and Place, as in the said Precept is directed, first being made) he, the said Bailiff, did proceed to the Election of Two Citizens to serve in the ensuing Parliament for the said City of Westminster, on the First Day of April now last past, on which Day appeared, and were put in Nomination, the Three Candidates herein- after named, and a Poll being demanded, he the said Bailiff did forthwith proceed to take the said <4 Poll, and continued to take the same Day by Day during Six Hours each Day, viz. from Nine in the Forenoon to Three in the Afternoon, until the Day of the Date of these' Presents inclusive, on which Day the said Poll was finally closed, when the.

44 Numbers on the said Poll for the said severalCan- dictates stood as follows, viz. For the Right ho- nourable Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Baron Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, 6,694 — For the Right ho- nourable Charles James Fox, 6,233 — For Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, 5,998; and the said Bailiff' farther sets forth, that on the said final Close of the Poll,

44 a Scrutiny was duly demanded in Behalf of the said Sir Cecil Wray, which Scrutiny the said Bailiff has granted, for the Purpose of investigating the Le- gality of the Votes more accurately than could be done upon the said Poll; and the said Scrutiny so granted is now pending and undetermined; and,

44 by reason of the Premises, the said Bailiff humbly conceives he cannot make any other or further Return to the said Precept than as hereinbefore is contained, until the said Scrutiny shall be deter- mined, which he fully intends to proceed upon with all practicable Dispatch. In Witness whereof,

44 he the said Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the said Li- berty, hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal, the Seventeenth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four,

44 Thomas Corbett, Bailiff. (L.S.) " and that the said

Bailiff, in refusing to execute the said Indenture tendered to him, and to return the Right honourable Charles James Fox as One of the Two Citizens duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said City, according to the usual Course of Proceeding in such Cases* and in the common and established Form of Returns, and xin making such special Return as aforesaid, has conducted himself in a Manner equally arbitrary, illegal, unconstitutional, and unprecedented, and which, if countenanced, would not only totally subvert the ancient Forms of Election of Members to serve in Parliament, but would defeat all the wise Ends for which those Forms were at first adopted, and have since hitherto invariably prevailed; and that, by Means of the said illegal Conduct of the said Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of Westminster, the Petitioner, and all O other

5Q

3i

A. 1784.

pjhpr the Electors of Westnun&er, are deprived of their Share in the Legislature, sod entirely unrepresented in the present Parliament, in which not poly Laws touching their Lives and Liberties may be made, but heavy Impositions may be laid upon them, and much of their Money given and granted without their Consent; and that the Petitioners conceive, and are advised, that the said Return is highly injurious to the Petitioners, a palpable Breach of Duty in the said Bailiff, an open Violation of the Act of Parliament, a wilful Disobedience to the Writ, and a manifest Disregard of the invariable Law and Usage of Parliament, and therefore complain to the House of toe said Return so made by toe said Bailiff to the Sheriff of Middlesex, and by the said Sheriff annexed to toe said Writ for Middlesex, returned by him to the Clerk of the Crown: And therefore praying the House to take toe same into immediate Consideration, and to order the said Bailiff forthwith to execute the said Indenture of Return so tendered to him, and to make a proper and perfect Return to be annexed to toe said Writ for Middlesex, or to give the Petitioners such further or other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " do lie upon " the Table," and inserting the Words " be taken " into Consideration at the same Time that the Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox is " ordered to be taken into further Consideration," instead thereof.

And toe Question being put, That toe Words " do lie upon the Table," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And toe Question being put, That toe Words " be " taken into Consideration at the same Time that the " Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox " is ordered to be taken into further Consideration," he inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox is ordered to be taken into further Consideration.

Westminster The other Orders of the Day being read;

Election. Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the Matter of the Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox, relating to the late Election for the City of Westminster, and to the Return or Answer of the Bailiff of the said City to the Precept of toe Sheriff of Middlesex, be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Thomas Corbett, Esquire, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. ..... Deputy to the

Bailiff of the City of Westminster, do attend this House at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 1* die Junii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIl‘a Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and allotting Part of the Eiringtoa Town Fields, and the Whole of the Town Green, IucIomu*. of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of

Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mathew White Ridley, the Lord Delaval, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to ascertain the Manner and Form of taking Oaths ia an Oath by certain Persons, Protestants of the ancient Scotland. Church of Scotland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the acting Trustees for Kirkbyputting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in Steven High the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Head intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the 10 " Roads from Kirkby-Stcvcn High Jane Head, in the County of Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta " Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and " from Bracken-Bar Gate, near Askrigg, in the County " of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal, anti " also the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in " waite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg " leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said " County of Westmoreland" was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Roads, which still remain due; and that the Money so owing, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress bath been made in repairing and widening tire said Roads; but the same cannot he effectually amended and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed be paid off, unless the Term and Powers mentioned in the said Act be enlarged, and some Amendments made in the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. James Lowther, Mr. Garforth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mofning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Solicitor General, according to Order, reported Trade with from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the America. Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required '

" from Ships belonging to the United States of Ame7'icai and to give to His Majesty, for a limited u Time, certain Powers for the better carrying orr " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s

CO

4 Geo. III. t 51

w Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from Disposition " United States," was committed, the Amendment the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called Grants-which the Committee had made to the Bill, and id; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ptp-which they had directed him to report to the House; Suant to their Address to His Majesty, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards An Account, shewing how the Money given for the delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Service of the Year 1783 has beep disposed of; distin-Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice guished under the Several Heads, until the 1st Day of read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to June 1784, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with by the House. the Deficiency thereupon.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be And then he withdrew, ingrossed. And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vox.. 40*

An

By

An AC CO MPT chewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1783, has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 1st Day of June, 1784,

and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

tn

navy -

ORDNANCE

o

o

<8.

FT

FORCES, &c, w

SERVICES.

For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for uo,oooo Men, including 05,291 Marines, from the 1st Day of January 1783 -For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1783 -

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1783 -

d.

5,434,000----

451,989 10 11 311,843 1 4

For Ordnance Sea Service

For Ordnance Land Service, voted £.630,612. 12*. lod. but satisfied with

For defraying the Expence of Services performed ly the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1782 -w ——

£ d.

286,000-----

579,559 13 4

819,359 3 9

To enable the Commissioners, appointed by an Act 22® Georgii IIP11, to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, near Chatham, as have been purchased for the Purposes of the said Act *

For defraying the Charge of 54,678 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for 121 Days, from the 25th of December 1782 to the 24U1 of April 1783 For defraying the Charge of 41,755 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Forces in D®, for 61 Days, to the 24th of June 1783 -

For defraying the Charge of 17,483 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Forces in D°, for 183 Days, to the 24th of December 1783 -

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Africa, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, 121 Days, from the 25th of December 1782 to the 24th of April 1783 -

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in D°, for 61 Days, to the 24th of June 1783 - -

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in D®, for 183 Days, to the 24th of December 1783 For defraying the Charge of the embodied Militia of the several Counties in South Britain, and of Regiments of Fencible Men in North Britain, for 90 Days, from the 25th of December 1782 to the 24th of March 1783 -

For the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and 7 Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1783 ——

For defraying the Charge of Regiments of Foot from Ireland, and of several Additional* to the Forces, from the Commencement of their respective Establishments to the 24th of December 1782 -

For defraying the Charge of 5 Provincial Corps formed in North America, for 121 Days, from 25th of December 1782 to 241b of April 1783 ——

For defraying the Charge of - - D® - - for 183 Days, from the 25th of April 1783 to the 24th of October

following ....

For dafraying the Charge of Eight Battalions of Foot, for 183 Days', from the 25th of June 1783 to the 24th of

December following....

For defraying the Charge of His Majesty's Forces serving Abroad, exceeding the proposed Establishment, for 183

Days, from the 25th of June 1783 to the 24th of December following.v

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 121 Days, from the 25th of December 1782 to the 24th of April 1783 ——

For the Pay of - - D° - - from the 25th of April 1783 to the 24th of June following, being 61 Days

For the Pay of - - D® - - for 183 Days, from the 25th of June 1783 to the 24th of December following -

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1783 -

Further on Account of the reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1783 -

For Half Pay to certain Provincial Corps who served with His Majesty’s Troops during the late War in America For several Officers, late in the Service of the States General, for the Tear 17S3 .

£ 1. d.

456,904 19 9

188,891 1 6

308,277 6 3

310,623 16 6

155,868 14 6

205,542 12 —

165,418 10 —

15,074 10 —

41,140 16 2

25,126 3 1

38,000 *4 3

40,241 »4 —

136,888 11 6

15,561 17 ’2

2,760 11 3

8,131 13 8

77»985 5 10

47,500 w- —

15,000 — —

3,513 9 —

SUMS VOTED.

£. d,

6,197*832 14 3

1,684,818 16 1

4>949 7 5

SUMS PAID.

£ s. d. 6,197,832 H 3

1,684,818 16 l

REMAINS To be Paid.

C * rf.

4,949 7 5

'W"£j

Vol. 40.

FORCES, -

For Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards -

For Full Pay to the Commissioned Officers reduced with the 9th and 10th Companies of several Regiments of Foot, for 183 Days, from the 25th Day of June 1783 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive -Towards defraying the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1783 -

Towards defraying the Charge of 200 Letter Men of Chelsea Hospital, from the 25th of June 1783 to the 24th of December following, both inclusive ——

For defraying the Charge of Three Hanoverian Battalions of Foot at Gibraltar, for the Year 1783 -For defraying the Charge of Two Hanoverian Battalions of Foot in Great Britain, for 182 Days, from 25th of December 1782 to 24th of June 1783, both inclusive - - - - , ——

For defraying the Charge of 13,472 Men of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cosset, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1783, pursuant to Treaty - -

For defraying the Charge of 2,257 Men ^he Troops of Hanau, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty with the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, for the Year 1783 -

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted for the Troops of the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation of the said Troops, from the 1st Day of March 1782 to the 24th of December following ——

For defraying the Charge of 4,300 Men, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1783 ——

For defraying the Charge of a Regiment of Foot of JValdeck, in the Pay of Great Britain,' together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1783 ——

For defraying the Charge of 1,781 Men of the Troops of Brandebourgh Anspach, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1783, pursuant to Treaty -

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted for the Troops of Brandebourgh Anspach, in the Pay of Great Britain, being the Charge of an Augmentation to the said Troops, from the 1st Day of March'1782 to the 24th Day of December following ——

For defray ing the Charge of 933 Men of the Troops of Anhalt Zerbst, in the Pay of Great Britain, together with the Subsidy, for the Year 1783 ——

For defraying the Charge of Artillery for the Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1783 -

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's I^and Forces, and other Services, £. s. d.

incurred since the 31st Day of January 1782, and not provided for by Parliament - 623,021 13 6§

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s I^and Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st of January 1782 and the 25th of March following; and between the

25th of March 1782 and the 6th of December following, and not provided for by Parliament - 296,507 14 3J

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 9th of April 1782 and the 9th of November following, and not provided for by Parliament -------- 340,346 5 9

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 31st of July 1782 and the 1st of

February 1783, and not provided for by Parliament

- i>356,919 10

d. *1

From which deduct the following Sums, granted in'Diminution of the same; vizt.

Of Money remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of the Forces, out of the Savings of the Sums voted by Parliament for the Charge of 80 Independent Companies of Foot, for the Year 1782 -

D®, in the Hands of — D° — out of the Savings of the Sums voted by Parliament for D° -

£ * d.

68,745 5 8

8,647 15 4

77,393 1 —

1,279,526 9 2f

£ d.

574 18 4

8,137 8 — 96,972 17 11

1,830-----

28,017 n — I

9,320 13 6

367,203 9 i#

65,158 12 8}

3.3*7 *4 9i 93.947 *5 .8 *7.498 3 2$ 51,501 19 if

6.4*9 9 9 23,818 11 11$ 27,683 14 —

539,4°* 9l

5,599.*37 9

5,577.474 3 *f

»*,783. 5 i°i

<JX

24 Geo. III. i° .

To the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting them to carry on their Trade ....

DEFICIENCIES (

For completing the Re-building of His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, in the City of London

For defraying the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia, from the ist of January 1783 to the 1st of Jahnary 1784 - -

For defraying the Civil Establishment of East Florida, from the 24th of June 178a to the 124th Of June 1783 -

To defray the Salaries due to the Officers of the late Province of West Florida, to the ‘24th of Juue 1783 - - .

For defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, from the ist of January 1783 to the 1st of January 1784

For defraying the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the late Province of Senegambia, to the 24th of June 1783 -

For Payment of the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of Georgia, from the 24th of June 1782 to the 24th of June 1783

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa -

Towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year 1783 ——

To make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state the public Accompts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability, in the Execution of the Trust reposd in them by Parliament -

To make a proper Compensation to the Officers of the Works, and Others, for surveying and estimating the Damages occasioned by the Riots, in the Year 1780 ——

[To new paving the Little Almonry, Great Almonry, New Way, Part of Orchard Street, Saint Anne's Lane, Part of Peter Street, and Wood Street, in the United Parishes of Saint Margaret, and Saint John the Evangelist, in IFesttolnster -

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1783 -Towards enabling His Majesty to make a separate Establishment f6r Hfo Royal Highness the Prince of Wales -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses -

To replace the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty^ OrdeVs to Untetdn Campbell, Esqtaire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames ——

To make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, to be applied for she Relief of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government - -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 1758, on the 5th of July 1782 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the sattie, to ttidkegobd the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted Anno 1778, on the 5th of July 178*2 - -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund f<5r paying Annuities granted Anno 1779, on the 5th of July 1782 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make g&od the Deficiency of the Fund fhr paying AnttttiCifes ^dan^d Anno 1780, on the 10th of October 1782 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Ftmd for paying Anhnitl& granted Anno 1782, on the 10 th of October 1782 ——

'To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty granted for the Service of the Year 1781, atXady D&y 1783 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1781, 'at Mlchaellnas 1783 - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grantef1^ 'otfd VyJV? ‘fWSW? £r2 I

for the Service of the Year 1782 - - -1 to Commissioners for Stating Public Accompts, by the Death of James Tierfrey, Esquire, >

"t the Deficiency Will be satisfied with - - i* - - - - -J

Towards the Expences of His Majesty’s Mint, pursuant to an Act 9* Georgii 3*1

To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £.1,500,000 in Exchequer Bills, made but by vfrtbe of an Act 22b Georgii 3,w, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1783, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -

To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £.1,900,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of Onte other Act 22° Georgii 3,:|, and charged further upon the First Aids granted for the Servite of the Year 1783, together with thfe Interest add Charges attending the same - - - ... _ _ _ _ _ _ _

To pay off and discharge the principal Sum of £. 1,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of orie Other Act 220 Georgii g*1*, and charged upon the First Aids granted for the Service of the Year 1783, together with the Ihteresl and Charges attending the ^ahie To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed bbd paid to ahd'afnondst the Prtiprietors of the several Fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 23° Georgii 3*" ——

For Discount on prompt Payments, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, to the Chntributofs of £. 12,060,600 for Annuities, and of £.480,000 for a Lottery - - - k ....

To the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said £. 12,000,000, and £.486,000 - -

For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for takih£ ih Tickfets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof - - - - *- - - _: _

Towards satisfying the "Services unpaid.

There remains in the Excheqtfer df Contributions ’to the Lottery -

Deficiency of WAYS and MEANS to answer the Services - -

| £ d. £.d. ' A

5,000 5,000

10,000 10,000

5.943 9 5 5,943 9 5

3*950 3.950

4.97° 4 1 4,970 4 1

3.*5° 3,150

2,450 3,450

3,34 3,340 — —

13,000 13,000

23,000 15,000 10,000 — "

7.5oo 7,5oo

1,006 15 — 1,006 15 —

goo 800

5.3*9»° 6 5,329 10 6

60,000 50,000 10,000

11,236 4 — 11,236 4 —

14.45* 17 3 14,453 17 3

76,849 16 6 76,849 16 6 .

46,444 — 11 4<5,444 — 11

160,191 8 8{ 160,191 8 8$

63,888 8 7i 63,888 8 7i

141,871 7 7i 141,871 7 7l

138,682 17 4 138,682 17 4

155,056 15 8 155,056 15 8

188,802 7 4i 188,802 7 4I

281,702 8 2 365,337 17 9 16,364 JO 5

10,430 1 5 10,430 1 5

1.578.091 7 6 1,578,091 7 6

i,90C,8io 13 1,966,810 13 11J

1,031,183 19 10 1,031,183 19 10

480,000 480,000

15,831 3 4 15,831 3 4

10,669 10 — 10,669 10 —

11,750 10,150 1,600 — —

20,022,243 13 n£ I 9.957.546 »o 3 64,697 3 8I

- - 1 57,885 8 3

- - / ‘ 36,81+ 15 si

Ol

4»

'k

o

t*

WAYS and MEANS toward* *MW«ring fb« stun*; t>tV,

C * 2,000,000 -

750.000 — —

12,000,000 — —

480.000 — — 46,767 — 5

1,000,000 ——

1,500,000 — —

-2,200,000 -

5,377 8 11

1,843 11 10

1,440 17 4

By 4*&. per Lib* on Land.

By the Duty on Malt, continued Anno 1783.

By Annuities.

By a Lottery.

By Cash in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

By Exchequer Bills, charged on the First Aids to be granted for Service of the Year 1784.

By D®, charged further on the First Aids to be granted for Service of the Year 1784.

Out of the Sinking Fund.

By Money in the Exchequer, arisen by Sale French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War in 1756.

By Money paid into the Exchequer by Sir Robert Taylor, Knt. as the Balance remaining of £. 5,000, granted for making good Damages sustained by Riots iu 1780.

By the Tax on Licences taken out by Persons dealing in Lottery Tickets.

1936,8^4*15 Deficiency of Ways and Means.

£. 20,022,243

13 *i

o

o


Mem?".

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are

as follow; pis'*

For the late African Company’s Creditors - -

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. ip#. i| d. -

For Compensations to the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments at or near Plymouth -

And there remains unpaid of £.8,700,277- 5 c. 8 d. granted for Naval Services, fytf. in the Year 1781 ——

To complete £.36,207. 4#. 3d. granted towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, iu 1781 -

£. t. I

900 12 Id 0

570 17 7i w

16,364 10 5 O

17.836 — loj HH HH

H-H

£ \ 98.392 7

1,607 12 si

To answer which there remains to be paid by the East India Company, in foil of £.400,000, granted towards the Supply for the Year 1781 -

100,000 — —

Presented this 1st Day of June 1784, by me

W. Speer.

c

in

56 i0 JuntL A. 1784.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Haddington, A Petition of George Johnstone was delivered in at Ac. Election. read; Setting forth, That, at the late

Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Jedburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called ScotlandFrancis Charteris, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, by Means of divers notorious, illegal, and corrupt Practices, committed by the said Francis Charteris, or his Agents, the said Francis Charteris was chosen a Delegate, or Commissioner, from Jedburgh, and was afterwards returned by a Majority of the Commissioners, who met at Haddington on the 26th of April last, the Member to serve in Parliament, in manifest Injury to the Petitioner, who had the Votes of Two of the Commissioners legally chosen from the said District of Boroughs, and ought to have been returned, as the said Francis Charteris had, by the said notorious, illegal and corrupt Practices, which were duly notified to the other Commissioners, rendered himself ineligible: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises under their Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 28th Day of September next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders lor their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken, into Consideration.

OrderedThat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Sheppard’s Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to Shord Road, whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for executing certain Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of Queen Anne, the Eleventh of King George the First, and the Eighteenth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and The Devizes, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of Urshfont, to Rorwd Ford, in the County of Wilts, and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways, and for repairing the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid, and of several Persons living near to or travelling the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts, passed in the Fifth Year of Queen Anne, the Eleventh of King George the First, and the Eighteenth and Twenty-ninth of King George the Second, were read: And,

Mr. John Flower being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Exe-# cution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of

Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Acts — That the Roads cannot be kept in Repair, nor the Money now ow ing be repaid, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof amended and enlarged.

That the altering and diverting the present Road between The Devizes and Sheppard's Shord, and the making a new Road to join the Turnpike Road from Sheppard's Shord to Beckhampton, will be a great Convenience to Travellers, by avoiding the several steep Hills over which the present Road passes, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for completing and keeping in Repair the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and The Devizes, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of Urshfont, to Road Ford, in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone, in the said County of Wilts: And that Mr. Pem'uddockc and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Twenty-six thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, including Four thousand Four hundred and Ninety-five Marine}.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Twenty-six thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to Weans, consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Address to His Majesty, Extras.

An Account of extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 1st of February to the 24th of December 1783, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Com- Highland munication, and of building Bridges, in the Highlands of Roads and North Britain, in the Year 1784, pursuant to the Order hrld&*^ of Lieutenant General Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

N. B. The said Account being the same as that which was presented to this House upon the 15th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, and entered in the Journal of that Day, is not here again inserted, but is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The said Estimate is as follow eth: viz.

ESTIMATE

24 Geo. Ill

57

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the New Roads of Communication, and of building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 17841 pursuant to the Order of Lieutenant General Alexander Mackay, commanding His Majesty's Forces in North Britain,

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling, by Creeff and Amellrie, to Tay Bridge, to consist of 1 Serjeant at 1 s. per Diem, l Corporal at 8 d. and 20 Private Men, at 6d. each,

for 100 Days.....-----

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, Tools, Underground Drains, Lime, and incident Expeaces ----....

To a Party to work on the Road from Inverness by Pitmean, Dalwhinny, and Dnlnacardoch, to Taybridge, to consist of 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and 20 Private Men, at D° Rates 100 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c\ -

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort Augustus, towards Berner a, and from Fort William, by Fort Augustus, to Inverness, and from Fort Augustus, over Corriq'kk, to Dalwhinny, to consist of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 40 Private Men, at D* Rates, for 100 Days each ——

Extra Charges of Artificers; Carts, &c\ ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Fort William, over the Black Mountain, to Lochern-head to Stirling, to consist of I Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and 20 Private Men, at D° Rates,

100 D* each.....-

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c\ - -

To a Party to work on the Road from Tyndrom, by Dalmallie, to Inver ary, and from Juxerary to Tarht, through Glenfallachy to consist of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 24 Private, D° Rates, 100 D* each -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c\ ——

To a Party to work on the Road irorn Dumbarton, by Luss, to Tarbet, to consist of 1 Serjeant, 1 C orporal, and 18 Private Men, D° Rates, 100 Ds each -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts. &ca. ——

To a Party to work on the Road from Stirling to Dumbarton, to consist of 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and id Private Men, at D* Rates, 100 D* each -

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c\ - - - -....

To a Party to work upon the Line of Road from Fort George, through Strathspey, by Corgarjf- Barracks, Braemar Castle, and Blairgoxvrie, to Cupar Angus, to consist of 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, and 40 Private Men, at the aforesaid Rates, 100 Days each Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c*. -

To a Party to work on the Road from Dalnacardoch, by Blair in Athol, to Dunk eld, and through Strathbran, to Amellrie, to consist , of 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and 20 Private Men, at D° Rates, 100 Days each ——

Extra Charge of Artificers, Carts* &c\ -

To a Party to work on the Road from Fochabers, by Keith, to Strathbogie, to consist of 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and 16 Private Men, at D* Rates, for 100 Days each -Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c\ -

To a Party to work on the Road in Glanape, between Baliantree and Stranraato consist of 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and 12 Private Men, at D° Rates, for 100 Days each

Extra Charges of Artificers, Carts, &c*. - ....

To the Road from Port Patrick to the River Sark, and to the Harbour at Port Patrick To Ensign Mc Corked, William Taylor, Alexander McLeod, David Robertson, John Tcdd, John Scott, George Beverly, John Bilsland, Thomas Young, and Duncan Livingstone, Overseers ——

£ d.

58 6 8 22 8 —

58 6 8 22 8 —

11.6 13 4 41 it) —

58 6 8 22 8 —

76 13 4 22 12 —

53 6 8

22 5 —

48 6 8 22 2 2

116 13 4

4192

58 6 8 22 8 —

48 6 8 22 2 2

38 6 8 217 2 1,400----

237 . 5 ~

BRIDGES.

To repair Bridges from Inverness to Taybridge -To repair - D° - from Dalnacardoch, by Blair in Athol, to Dunkeld -To repair - I)* - from Fort George,by Blairgowrie, to Cupar in Angus -To repair - D® - from Fort I I i Ilium, by Fort Augustus, to Inverness, and from Bei'nera Barracks, by Fort Augustus, over Corriarick,to Dalwhinny ....

To repair Bridges from Dunkeld, through Strathbran, to Amellrie -

To repair - D° - from Taybridge, by Creeff, to Stirling, and from thence by Lochernhead, over the Black Mountain, to Fort William - -

To repair Bridges from Stirling to Dumbarton -

To repair - D® - from Dumbarton, by lass and Tarbet, to Inverary, and from Tarbet, up Lochiomonside, through Gtcnjallach, to Tyndrom, and from thence, by Dalmallie, to Inxerary ——

200 10 6

*79 5 — 275 6 6

2SG 8 — 80 5 —

220 12 6 95 4 "

298 —

Vo 1. 40. Q

To

58 i° Junii, A.

To repair Bridges from Strathbogie to Fochabers, on Speyside -

To repair D* from Castle Grant to Avemore -

To repair D° in Glenape, between Ballantree and Stranraer -

To repair the Foundation of Dumbarton Bridge -

To James Kyle's Salary, as Master Mason, for inspecting and superintending the Building of Bridges upon the Military Roads (including the superintending of the Harbour at Port Patrick) and Horse Hire - -- --....

1784.

£. d. 93 6 6 86 8 — 88 13 6 142 9 —

60-----

War Office, 1st June 1784.

Total

4,830

6

Geo. Y

Debtors Petition.

Prevention of Smuggling.

Land Tax.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Liverpool Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Lau s made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enforcing the Payment of the Monies arising by the Land Tax raised in Great Britain, and for the more speedy Recovery of Debts due to the Crown: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Dixons Debt Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported to the Crown, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it . w as referred to consider of the Petition, as well of John

Goddard, of Elm, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, one of the Sureties for Francis Dixon, late of Upircll, in the same County, Esquire, deceased, Receiver General for the County of Cambridge, the Town and University of Cambridge, and the Isle of Ely, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of the Rates and Duties upon Servants, and Inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax; as also, of John Mayer, of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the same County, Gentleman, another of the Sureties for the said Francis Dixon, as Receiver General for the Places aforesaid, of the Rates and Duties upon Servants, and Inhabited Houses, and of the Land Tax; together with a Certificate thereunto annexed; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And Sir William Lemon moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ienable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Sir William Lemon and Mr. Ord do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The llouse being informed that Mr. Morion, East India from the Directors of the East India Company, at- Affairs, tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Court of Di-iC rectors of the East India Company, containing such u further Information as has been received since " making up their Report, presented to the House " on the 16th of February last."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The House was moved, That the Paper, intituled,

" The Report of the Court of Directors of the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to the " East Indies, in Obedience to an Order of the IIonourable the House of Commons, dated 23d January " 1784" (which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament) might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report, together with the Report of the said Court of Directors, this Day presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of a Select Committee: And that they do examine the several Articles and Matters contained therein; and do report the same, with their Observations thereupon, to the House.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Fifteen.

The House was moved, That die Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 15th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Names of the Persons who were reported from the Committee appointed to examine the Lists of Fifteen Persons Names to be the Committee to whom it was referred to consider of the Report of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to The East Indies, in Obedience to an Order of this House, of the 23d Day of January last, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and the said Names are as followeth; viz.

George Dempster, Esquire,

Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet,

Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet,

Henry Beaujoy, Esquire,

Robert Smith, Esquire,

Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet,

Henry Strachey, Esquire,

William Hussey, Esquire,

Henry Bankes, Esquire,

The Right honourable Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Sir George Shuckburgh, Baronet,

Philip Yorkc, Esquire,.

Henry Thornton, Esquire,

The Right honourable William Eden,

Brook Watson, Esquire.

Ordered, That the Right honourable William Eden, George Dempster, Esquire, Henry Beaujoy, Esquire, Z Henry

59

24 Geo. III. i° — 2'

Henry Strachey, Esquire, William Hussey, Esquire, Henry Bankes, Esquire, the Right honourable Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Sir George Shuckburgh, Baronet, Philip Yorke, Esquire, Henry Thornton, Esquire, Brook Watson, Esquire, the Right honourable Henry Dundas, Charles Brett, Esquire, Jb/w Ch#, Esquire, and John Anstruther, Esquire, be the Committee now appointed.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and havd Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from Place to Place, as they shall think fit

And ‘then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Junii.

Mercurii, 2* die Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Planta, British from the Trustees of the British Museum, Museum, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, u I. General State of the Accounts of the British Museum, for the Year 1783;

" II. State of the last Parliamentary Grant in 1782;

" III. Estimate of the Current Expences and Income " for the Year 1784."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 40.

1. Del/.

I.

Deb'.

The GEN ERAL STATE of the Accompts of the British from the 1st Janr 1783 to 1 Jan. 1784.

Cred'

OS

o

o

o

c8

rT

To Cash remaining of the Year 1782 ----- £ s. d. 900 is 11

To a Year’s Dividend rece* on the Gen1 Funi of £. 30,000 Bank Annuities 3 p. C* reduced to 10 Octr 1783 ——

To Five Quarters Salary rec* at the Exchequer as King’s Librarian, from 5 April 1782 to 5 July 1783 311 9 6

To a Year’s Dividend on £. 1,703. 9. 4. Bank Ann. 3 p. C* Con9. (being the Investment of £ 973* 7- 10. that remained unexpended of the last Parliamentary Grant, Anno 1782) to 5 July 1783 - -- 5* 4

To Cash advanced by Mr. Ntwland, £.33. 17. 4. deduct* £.11. 19. 4. remaining in Dr. Morton’* Hands, chargeable to the Accompt of next Year 1784 - 21 18 —

£ ,.185 5 9

- >1 i

II. STATE of the last Parliamentary Grant, Anno 1782.

The said Grant of £. 3,000 produced Net, recea at the Exchequer (Fees deducted) -

Of which, Part wus immediately applied to, and expended in, the current Service of that Year; viz. - - - _ . _

prhe remaining

\waS invested in £. 1,703. 19. 4. Bank Ann. 3 p. C* Consol, which has produced; viz.

£ 5l 2 4 a Year's Int. to 5 July 1783, accounted for in the Gen1 State of that Year.

£ s. d.

2,842 2 6

1,868 H 8

973 7 10

25 11 2 Half a Yr'» Int. to 5 Jan. 1784)

roduce by Sale of the said I.

£ l»7o3- 19. 4« Bank Ann.1 *784‘

3 P« Con. J

*41

943 11 6 Produce by Sale of the said I Accounted for in the Estimate annexed for the Year

£.1,020 5

James Matthews, Aecomptant,

Jan. 1784.

By Expenditures; viz.

"Salaries and Wages Board Wages -Firing Candles

Kent and Taxes Repairs -Insurance Bookbinding Stationary Ware Printing Expences Garden Expences MIncidents-

& /. d.

- - 937 8 —

- - - ten 8 —

- - - 103 4 —

- - - 15 10 —

- - - -- 217 14 8

- - - 211 15 2

- - - 60 10 6

- - - 208 1 6

- - " - 23 10 4

- - - - 66 5 6

- - - 85

— " 154 18 1

£ *,185 5 9

III. ESTIMATE of the Current Expence and Income of the Year 1784.

EXPENCE.

For the whole Year, rated as the last -

Cash owing, to be made good, on the last Year’s Acc1 -

INCOME.

Dividend reced 13 Jany for 6 Months, on £. 1.703, 19. 4. Bank Ann. £. s. d.

3 p. C* Consol, rem* unexpended of the last Parliam* Grant - - 25 11 2

Produce by Sale of the above mentioned £.1,703. 19. 4. Bank Annuities

3 p. C* Consol, at 553 p. C* deducting £.2. 2. 6. Comm" - 943 11 6

The Year’s Dividend on the Standing Fund of £.30,000 Bank Annuities

3 p. C* red. ---- goo----

King’s Librarian’s Salary, Four Quart* expected to come in - 249 2 _

Deficiency for the current Year

£. d.

2,185 5 9

21 18 —

2,207 3 9

2,118 4 8

88 19 I

Junii. 1784.

Alford, &c, Road.

Manufactories in Scotland.

24 Geo. III. 2° Junii. 61

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from " thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln" and of several of the Creditors on the Tolls granted the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That considerable Progress has been made in repairing and widening the Road described in the said Act; and that the Sum of £. 8,12-5 has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, which is still owing, and the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring; and that, in the Execution of the said Act, several Alterations and Amendments thereof, and further Provisions, have been found necessary, and unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged, the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the Road continued to be kept in proper Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Provisions, as to the House shall seehA meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House j

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lawley, Mr. Harris sop, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir James Maxwell, of Pollock, Baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Crau* Jurd, John Maxwell, and John Craig, Proprietors of the Soap Manufactory of Glasgou\ and Copartners under the Firm of Robert Craujurd and Company, Mer* chants in Glasgow, and of James Corbet, James Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh Wyllie, Thomas Dunmare, Robert Dunmore, Junior, James SommemUe, Robert Craujurd, George Kip-pen, Thomas Connell, James Gemmil, John Craujurd, James Scott, and William Semple, Proprietors of the Rope Manufactory of Glasgow, and Copartners under the Firm of James Corbet and Company, Merchants in Glasgow, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; mid afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year 1661, in the First Parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting of Manufactories :" And also,

An Act of the said Parliament, passed in the Year 1669, *n die Second Parliament of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act concerning the Excise and Customs:" And also,

An Act of the said Parliament, passed in the Year 1681, in the Third Parliament of his said Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for encouraging Trade and Manufactories/’ were read; whereby it appeared, that certain Privileges and Immunities were granted, and Rules established, for encouraging and promoting Manufactories in Scotland, and, in particular, Materials useful for Manufactures were allowed to be imported for the Use of such Manufactures, free of Customs and Excise, and all other Vol. 40.

public Burthens; and that* in order to prevent all Questions and Debates concerning the said Privileges and Immunities, the Lords of the Exchequer and Privy Council in Scotland were, by certain of the said Acts, authorized to enquire and declare what Manufactories already were, or thereafter should be, duly qualified to enjoy the Benefit of the Privileges and Immunities by the said Acts granted.

Mr. James Chalmers then produced to Your Committee a Certificate from the Deputy King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and an Extract of an Act of the Privy Council of Scotland, of the 7th May 1696; by which it appeared, that under the Encouragements held forth by the said Acts of Parliament, Two Manufactories were erected in Glasgow, the one in the Year 1674 for making of Soap* and the other in the Year 1696 for the making of Ropes and Cordage, the Proprietors of each of which Manufactories obtained from the Exchequer and Privy Council of Scotland an Order, or Act, declaring their respective Works to be duly qualified in Terms of the Statutes in that Behalf: And the said Witness being examined, said, That the said Manufactories so established and approved have been continually carried on since the respective Times of their Erection, and do now by Course of regular Successions and Conveyances belong respectively to the several Persons who have signed the said Petition.

The Sixth Article of the Treaty of Union, settled and agreed upon in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, between the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, was then read; whereby it appeared, that Provision is made that all Parts of the United Kingdom, for ever from and after the Union, shall have the same Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, and be under the same Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Duties on Import and Export; and that the Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations of Trade, and the Customs, Duties on Import and Export, settled in England when the Union should commence/ should, from and after the Union, take place throughout the whole Kingdom, excepting and reserving the Duties upon Export and Import of such particular Commodities from which any Persons, the Subjects of either Kingdom, were specially liberated and exempted by their private Rights, which, after the Union, were to remain safe and entire to them in all respects as before the same.

A Member present then informed Your Committee, That, upon the Commencement of the said Union, Doubts and Disputes arose between the Officers of the Customs and the Proprietors of the said Soap and Rope Works, who claimed the Privilege of importing Materials for their respective Manufactories free of Duties, as a private Right constituted by the Acts of Parliament and Acts of Privy Council before mentioned, and as such saved by the Exception in Favour of private Rights, contained in the aforesaid Sixth Article of the said Treaty of Union; to which Claim the Officers of the Revenue objected, that the Exemption from Duties, given by the Acts of Parliament and Privy Council of Scotland, was not in the Nature of a private Right, but of a public Encouragement to Trade, and as such was determined and at an End by thq Treaty of Union — That, in consequence of these Disputes, it was agreed, as a temporary Expedient, that the Proprietors of the aforesaid Manufactories should give Bonds for the Duties of the Materials to be imported by them, with Condition to pay the same, in case the Parliament of Great Britain, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, should adjudge the said Materials liable to the Payment of Duties; which Agreement for taking such conditional Bonds, as aforesaid, was for some Thne carried into Execution, until the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh gave Orders

R for

62 2°.?

for levying the Duties upon all such Materials imported for the Use of the said Manufactories, as were by Law chargeable with Duties upon being imported for other Purposes; whereupon the Proprietors of the said Manufactories paid the Duties accordingly, but under Protest that the Right of Exemption claimed by them should not thereby be hurt, nor themselves precluded from reclaiming such Duties as already had been or afterwards should be paid by them; and for bringing the Right of Exemption so claimed by them, the Proprietors of the said Rope Work, did some Time since cause an Action to be instituted in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, at the Suit of the said James Corbet, One of the said Proprietors, and Assignee of the rest of those Proprietors, against Edward Burrow, Collector of the Customs at the Port of Port Glasgow, and John Clerk, then the Deputy of the said Edward Burrow, at the Member Port of Greenock, for that they had against Right refused to repay Duties levied by them on certain Materials imported for the Use of the said Rope Work — That in the Course of the Proceedings in the said Action, a special Verdict was agreed upon and settled by the Parties, and returned by a Jury, upon which Verdict Counsel were heard by the Lord Chief Baron and other Three Barons of the said Court; and the Judges having been equally divided in their Opinion, the Question remains hitherto undetermined; since the Time of which Hearing, certain Propositions have been offered by the Petitioners, the Proprietors of the said Works, for accommodating the Matter in Dispute.

That it has been alledged by the Officers of the Revenue, that the Claim of Exemption made by the Petitioners, the Proprietors of the said Manufactories, would, on the one Hand, if established, be very prer judicial to the public Interest, being capable to be exercised in an unlimited Extent with respect to the Commodities, which are the Subject thereof, to the great Diminution of the Revenue, and the Breach of Siat Equality in Trade which ought to take place in all Parts of the United Kingdom; while, on the other Hand, the Petitioners, by means of the aforesaid Treaty of Union, and the Doubts and Disputes thereupon arising in relation to the Right of Exemption claimed as aforesaid, as well as by reason of the Proceedings consequent upon such Doubts and Disputes, and in firm Reliance upon the public Faith of the Kingdom, laid out and employed a considerable Sum of Money towards carrying on the said Works, have suffered considerable Loss and Inconveniency, the Exemption from the Payment of Duties enjoyed by them, under the Acts of Parliament of Scotland, having by the aforesaid Means been abridged or interrupted, and much Expence incurred by Law Suits and otherwise.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report

Birmingham Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee,

Navigation. to wjj0ni the Petition of the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, and the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found* that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized, nor to raise any further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and co

unit. A. 1784.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as tblloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the Canal then making between the Rivers Severn and Trent, and for making Collateral Cuts up to several Coal Mines: And also, rj

An Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the same Reign, to rectify a Mistake, and to explain and amend the said first-mentioned Act: And also,

An Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the same Reign, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place near Rider's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines; and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the said Town of Birmingham, were l ead: And

Mr. John Meredith being examined, said, That the Canal and Collateral Cuts, authorized to be made by the said last mentioned Act, will communicate with the Canal and Collateral Cuts made and completed by virtue of the Powers granted by the said first-recited Act. — And he added, That nearly the Whole of the Proprietors of the said Two respective Navigations above mentioned are the same Persons, and it has been agreed that the Two Navigations should be consolidated.

And, by a Clause in the said last mentioned Act, it is agreed, that the Coventry Canal Company shall relinquish that Part of their unfinished Works, which lies between Fazeley and Fradtcy Heath, to the said Birmingham and Fazeley Company, and the Company of Proprietors of the Trent and Mersey Navigation, who have agreed to execute the same at their joint Expence, under the Powers of the Act for making the Coventry Canal. Then

Mr. Mei'edith being further examined, said, That the Sanction of Parliament is necessary for carrying the said Agreement into Execution. — And he addea.

That a. Power is wanting to alter the Mode of raising Money prescribed by the said Act of last Sessions; and some further Explanation and Amendments are necessary to be made to the Clauses therein contained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill foF Incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, authorized by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilstone and Autherley, with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, authorized by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley, and for consolidating their Shares, and amending the said last mentioned Act: And that Sir Robert Lawley and Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir William Lemon presented to the House, accord- Dixon’s ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of to His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to lhe Crown* the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections Election and Returns, being offered to be presented to the Petitions. House; the same were delivered in at the Table: And

the

24 Geo. III. 2° Junii. 63

the Names of the Places to which the said Petitions related were put into the Glass at the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order; viz.

Shafton A Petition of Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and

Election. William Richard Rumbold, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, the Petitioners, Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and, William Richard Rumbold, Esquire, and Hans Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummond, Esquires, were Candidates; and that the said Hans Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummond, by themselves and their Agents, previous to and during the Course of the said Election, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Electors were influenced to give their Votes in Favour of the said Hans Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummond, and, by such unlawful Means, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices of the said Hans Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummond, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough; and that Persons were admitted to vote at the said Election for the said Hans Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummond, who were not duly qualified to vote at the said Election, and several good Votes, who tendered themselves as such, and offered to vote for the Petitioners, were rejected by the Returning Officer; and the Petitioners conceive, a great Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Voters at the said Election polled for the Petitioners, and that they ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 30th Day of September next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of William Bell, William Armstrong, John Hatch, John Atchison, Thomas Needed, Andrew WiUmott, John London, John Andrews, William Giddings Kyte, William London, and John Buddy Part of the Inhabitants aryl Electors of and for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, was also read; Setting forth. That at die late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset aforesaid, Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, William Richard Rumbold, Esquire, and Hans Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummond, Esquires, were ' Candidates; and that the said Hans Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummondy by themselves and their Agents, previous to and during the Course of the said Election, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Electors were influenced to give their Votes in Favour of the 9aid Hans Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummondy and, by such unlawful Means, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices of the said Hans Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummondy their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights of the said Borough; and that Persons were admitted to vote at the said Election for the said Iians Wintrop Mortimer and Adam Drummondy who were not duly qualified to vote at the said Election, and several good Votes, who tendered themselves as such, and offered to vote for the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and William Richard Rumbold, were rejected by the Returning Officer; and the Petitioners conceive, a great Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Voters at the said Election polled for the said Sir Thomas Rumbold and William Richard Rumbold, and that they

Vol. 40.

ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners Such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, aS shall be thought necessary by the several Parties; on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Lieutenant Coldnel Thofnas Goldie, Kirkcud-of Cruicks, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last General Election, the Petitioner stood Candidate to ecUon* represent the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright as their Commissioner in the present Parliament, and Brigadier General Stewart of Crae, James Murray of Broughton, and Peter Johnston of Carnsalloch, also severally offered their Services to represent the said Stewartry in Parliament; and that, by means of sundfy corrupt, illegal, and unconstitutional Practices, the said Peter Johnston obtained a Majority of Votes at the said Election, and was returned Commissioner to Parliament for the said Stewartry; and that, previous to his Election, the Freeholders who voted for the said Peter Johnston were warned of his Ineligibility, and that they would throw away their Suffrages if they voted for him to he their Representative in Parliament; and that the Petitioner is able to instruct, by proper Evidence, the Truth of what is before set forth, and in this Situation the Petitioner apprehends he has the only legal and constitutional Title to represent the aforesaid Stewartry in this Parliament:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to give the Petitioner such Redress as to the House shall appear to he meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken in Consideration upon Tuesday the 5th Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordend, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Mr. Henry Dundas reported from the Committee* Bank of to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company Scotland, of the Bank of Scotland was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an attested Copy of an Act of the Parliament of Scotlandf made in the Year 1695, intituled, An Act for erecting a Bank in Scotland," was read; whereby a Joint Stock, amounting to the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds\ Scots Money, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, Was allowed to be raised and paid in the Manner by the said Act directed; and it was thereby declared, that the Persons subscribing and paying to the said Stock, in Manner therein directed,

should

Shrewsbury

Poor.

64 2° Junii. . 1784.

shbuid be One Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank x< of Scotland" tinder whic|i Name they should have perpetual Succession, and should have a Common Seal; and certain Rules were thereby prescribed for the better ordering and managing the Affairs of the said Bank: And

Patrick Miller> Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Bank was established in pursuance of the said Act, and has ever since continued. Then

An Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to ehatrie the Governor and Company of the Bank " of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said Companywas read; whereby it is enacted, That within One Month after the passing of the said Act> or as soon after as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors should appoint a Book to be opened, and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an additional Capital or Joint Stock, to the Extent of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and no more; in which Book every Person or Persons, possessed of a Share or Shares of the then Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland, should be entitled to subscribe for as much of the said new or additional Stock as he, she, or they possess of the old or original Stock, at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more; or for a lesser Number of Shares, if such Person or Persons should so think proper: And

Mr. Miller being further examined, said, That the said new or additional Capital or Joint Stock of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, was subscribed and paid into the said Bank, in pursuance of the said Act. — And the Witness further added, That the said Bank is a national Advantage, and of public Utility; and that a further Increase of its Capital Stock would still tend greatly to the Advancement of Commerce and Agriculture, and be highly beneficial to the Public.

Several Members present also spoke to the Utility and Advantage of the Bank, and of the further Increase of its Capital Stock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company: And that Mr. Henry Dundas and the Lord Maitland do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto, subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others assessed towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Chad, Saint Mary, Saint Alkmond, Saint Julian, The Holy Cross, and Saint Giles and Meole Brace, otherwise Brace Meole, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said Parishes are very numerous, and are supported at a great and burthensome Expence to the Inhabitants; and, the Petitioners conceive, that if proper Powers were granted for providing a convenient Place for their Reception, and for their being orderly and well governed therein, it would tend not only to the more effectual Relief and comfortable Subsistence of such as by Age or Infirmities are rendered incapable of supporting themselves by Labour, but to the better Employment of the ‘ able and industrious; and the poor Children also, whilst inured to Habits of useful Knowledge and Industry, would receive early Impressions of their religious and moral Duties, and the profligate and idle, by moderate Correction and good Precepts, would probably be reformed; and that, if Provisions were made for allowing Contracts and Agreements to be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor belonging to any of the other Parishes within the County, in such Place as may be provided for the Reception of the Poor of the Parishes above mentioned, it would be an Ease and Advantage to such Parishes as may be willing to make such Contracts, and of public Utility; and that, by Means of such Powders and Provisions, the Poor, instead of being a heavy Burthen te their respective Parishes, would contribute to the mutual Support and Relief of each other, and would be of some Advantage to the Community; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Pow'ers, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the House shall think" proper.

Oi'dered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Kynastoyt,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning* at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing Navy the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, ^timates. presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1784: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra W'orks, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary for the Year 1784.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

N. B. The said Estimates, being the same as those which were presented to this House upon the 9th Day of February in the last Session of Parliament, and entered in the Journal of that Day, are not here again inserted, but are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill In5oIven* for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief Debu>r*-of Bankrupts in certain Cases: And that the Lord Maitland, the Lord Beauchamp, and Sir Thomas Davenport, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Paper re-Paper, intituled, Report of the Court of Directors 8?ectiIn«r 44 of the East India Company, containing such further AffaVs^o bt Information as has been received since making up printed.

44 their Report, presented to the House on the 16th 44 of February last," which w as Yesterday presented to the House, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Owners of certain Lauds and Plymouth, Hereditaments, distinguished by the Out Grounds, &c. Road! in the Parish of Saint Andrews, within the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the principal Inhabitants of and within the Manor and Parish of Stonehouse, in the same County, w’hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Means of the rapid Extension of Buildings, and the great Increase of the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Plymouth, and of the Towns of Stonehouse and Plymouth Dock, and also by reason of a commodious Stone Bridge having been erected over the Creek of Stonehouse} whereby

His

Tavistock

Roads.

24 Geo. III. 20 Junii.

His Majesty’s Subjects enjoy a safe, convenient, and short Communication from the said Borough through the said Toun of St one house to Plymouth Dock, the High Road leading from the Shambles through Frankford Gate, within the said Borough, to the said Bridge, is become so abundantly more used than it was wont to be, as to render the said Road grievously burthensome to the Petitioners and others in the same Predicament, who are in certain Proportions contributory by Law for the necessary Repair thereof; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Laws in being are inadequate to such ample and peculiar Powers and Provisions as are or may be necessary for altering, making, and maintaining the said Road in a Manner suitable to the Ease, Convenience, and Safety of His Majesty’s Subjects passing and repassing over the same, and also to afford such other necessary Accommodations by lighting, watching, watering, and cleansing the said Road, and by regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same, as also for making such Rules and Regulations, to be observed by the Owners and Drivers of such Carriages, as may be best calculated not only to prevent Imposition and Confusion, which at present prevail, but to preserve good Order in Time to come: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Provisions, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem most meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. llolle, Mr. Bastard, &c. s And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition, as well of the Trustees acting under and by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, the first passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon, and the other of them passed in the Twelfth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook and to Dunnabridge Pound\ and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County; as also of the Creditors on the Tolls collected and levied on that Part of the said Roads which leads from the lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, over Horrabridge, by Manadon Gate to Old Town Gate, in Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate aforesaid, to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, and of the principal Inhabitants residing near the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Lhat, by the said first-mentioned Act, it was provided, that the Tolls to be collected upon that Part of the said Roads which leads from the lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, over Horrabridge, by Manadon Gate to Old Team Gate in Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, should be applied in erecting a Bridge across the River Tavy, and in the Repair and Improvement of the said last mentioned Roads only, and that the Tolls to be collected upon the other Branches of Road in the said first Act mentioned, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, should be applied for the Repair and Improvement of such Roads from which the Tolls should be respectively collected only; and that, in pursuance of the Powers given in the said Acts, the Sum of £.7,102. 11 s. 7 d. hath been Vol. 40.

borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls on the said Roads leading from the lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, over Horrabridge, by Manadon Gate, to Old Timm Gate, in Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate, to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, and hath been expended in erecting a Bridge across the said River, and in the Repair and Improvement of the said last mentioned Roads, and the Tolls and Composition Money collected upon the said last mentioned Roads have also been applied to the Payment of the Interest due on the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and in the Repair and Improvement of the said last mentioned Roads; and that the said last mentioned Roads now are in bad Repair, and a great Part thereof so ruinous, as to be unsafe for Passengers, and many Parts thereof are now under Indictments for Want of Repair; and that the present Tolls and Composition Money are insufficient to repair the said last mentioned Roads, and to keep down the Interest of the Money already borrowed on the Credit thereof, and to defray other incident Expences, whereby the Credit of the said Roads is so low, that the Trustees are unable to borrow any more Money thereon, and to carry the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution without the further Aid of Parliament:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in One or more Bill or Bills, for the Purpose of appointing additional Trustees of the said Acts, and providing for the Election of new ones in their Stead, and for confirming the Flection of certain Trustees chosen in the room of those appointed by the said Acts; also for repealing so much of the said Acts as exempts from Payment of Toll, on the said last mentioned Roads, Carriages, Horses, Cattle, or Beasts, laden only with, or going unloaden for, or returning unloaden, having been only loaden with, on the same Day, Turf, Peat, Coppice Wood, Faggots, or other Wood, Furze, or Coals for Fuel only; also for authorizing the Trustees of the said Act to double the Tolls on the said last mentioned Roads on Sundays, and to make additional Turnpike Gates upon the same Roads, and continue to take down the same and erect others in other Parts of the same Roads, for the Purpose of increasing the Amount of the said Tolls, and thereby enlarging the Fund appropriated to the Repairs of the same Roads; and for repealing so much of the said Acts, as enacts, that a Side Gate shall be erected and supported and kept up across the Road leading from the Lower Abbey Gate in Tavistock to Dolvin, the sause not having been sufficiently productive; and for enlarging the Powers granted by the said Acts, for the better repairing, and keeping in Repair, widening, removing Annoyances from, and improving, the said Roads; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. liolle, Mr. Bastard, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and' Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants, Householders, and Westminster Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Election. Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many other Persons, Electors of the said City and Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, by their Petition presented to the House on Monday last, complained that Thmas Corbett, Esquire, High Bailiff of the said City and Liberty, had not made any Return of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the said City and Liberty, as by his Duty in this

S Behalf,

66

2° Junii. A. 1784.

Behalf, and by the Precept to him for that Purpose directed, he was bound to have done, and complaining, that, by reason of such Neglect, Default, or Misconduct of the said Thomas Corbett, the Petitioners are not represented in this present Parliament; and that the Petitioners, conceiving the Matter of their said Petition to be a Circumstance new and extraordinary, in which the Rights, Privileges, and Liberties of the whole Body of Electors of Great Britain were most essentially concerned, and confiding in the Justice of the House to vindicate their own Honour and Dignity, so immediately and inseparably connected with the Case of the Petitioners, they did not in their said Petition expressly pray that they might be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of the Allegations in their said Petition, but the Petitioners are advised, that it may be of Assistance towards their gaining their just and

legal Share in the Representation of the Country, of

which they are now deprived: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of the Allegations in their said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, in Support of the Allegations contained in their said former Petition.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for / 44 the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun-

44 dred and Eighty-three," be referred to the said

Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun-

44 dred and Eighty-three," be referred to the said

Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Trade with An ingrossed Bill for further continuing, for a Time

America. to be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 44 Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a 44 limited Time, certain Powers for the better carry- ing on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the

Title be, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being re-0 quired from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a 44 limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States."

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, resident in the Exporting Cities of London and Westminster, in the Borough of Pare Skins, Southwark, and Parts adjacent, employed in the making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, Hare Wool, Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Hat Manufactory of this Kingdom is a very considerable Branch of Trade, in which several Thousand British Subjects are employed; and that Hare Wool and Coney Wool, the Growth of this Kingdom. are better in Quality than any other, and, as those are the staple Articles of the said Manufactory,

English Hats have acquired such Reputation, that great Quantities of them are exported to Foreign Parts; and that, in Addition to the Produce of this Country, great Quantities of Hare Wool and Coney Wool have been usually imported from Ireland, Flanders, Russia, and Germany, but, for some Time past, very little of the said Articles have been imported from any of those Parts, owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, to their being detained for the Supply of Foreign Manufactures; and that Goats Hair, or Turkey Goats Wool, is an Article much used in the said Manufactory, and pays a Duty of about Six Pence per Pound on Importation, though Foreigners, who buy at the same Market as the English, receive it, as the Petitioners believe, free of Duty, and as there is a Drawback, on its being exported, of Four Pence per Pound, our Rivals can have it cheaper, even from this Kingdom, than the British Manufacturer; and that, owing to their superior Excellence, considerable Quantities of British Hare Wool and Coney Wool and Skins have lately been exported to France, Flanders, and other Foreign Parts, for the Support of Foreign Manufactures, and to the great Injury of our own; and that there is at present a great Scarcity of those necessary Materials, and, if the Practice of exporting them to Foreign Countries is not by some Means prevented, the British Hat Manufactory will be rendered of little Consequence, and many Families thereby left unprovided for; and that the Public Revenue is materially injured by the Frauds constantly practised by Foreigners, and others, in dressing British Hare Skins and British Coney Skins, so as to evade the Duties intended to be imposed thereon by the different Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, and the Petitioners conceive that the only Method of remedying those Mischiefs, and preserving the said Manufactory, would be, by laying an additional Duty on the Exportation of all undressed Hare Skins and Hare Wool, and Coney Skins and Coney Hair or Wool, from this Kingdom, or by prohibiting the Exportation thereof, and by allowing the Importation of Goats Hair or Goats Wool Duty-free; and that some further and other Regulations be established for the collecting of the Duty imposed upon such of the said Skins as are tawed or dressed: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House, shall seem meet.

11 Ordered,

44 Geo. III. 3° Junii. 67

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Neumham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Turkey A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-

Company. chants of England, trading into The Levant Seas, being

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and Turkey has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by a Society of Merchants incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protect His Majesty’s Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been tbund necessary that an Ambassador should be sent from England to reside at Constantinople, and that Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, should be established in the other Parts of Turkey where British Subjects reside, and w here the English Merchants carry on Trade, the whole Expence w hereof has been borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with many other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on this Trade, has of late Years amounted to about £9,000 per Annum; and that the Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishing, is now, from many unavoidable Events and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance, granted to the Petitioners by Parliament, enabled them to support their Expences during the past Year, but the Petitioners are sensible they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not, in the present Situation of the Trade, declare their Inability to support their necessary Expences, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary ana proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

plate Glass A Petition of the Governor and Company of British Manufacture. Cast piate Glass Manufacturers being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, from their first Institution, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s lleign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate i€ certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of estaWishing One or more Glass Manufactories within " the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the effectually supporting and conducting the same upon " an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner calculated " for the Casting of large Plate Glass," they have, with unremitting Attention, endeavoured to forward a Work, which Parliament, by its Sanction, meant to countenance, as an Object of public and national Concern; the Result has been a real Performance of what was held up as a Plea to warrant the Privileges Vol. 40.

granted by Parliament to the said Company, who have brought the Manufactory to such a Degree of Perfection as already td stand forth a Rival, and to become an Object of Envy to the French Nation in that Branch of Manufacture, which in France has been upheld for more than a Century by peculiar Indulgences of Monopoly in the Trade, and Total Exemption from Duties; and representing to the House, that the Petitioners have expended in the Progress of their Works upwards of £ 100,000, without receiving the smallest Dividend, owing to a Variety of Circumstances to which an Infant Manufactory, upon an entire new Plan, must naturally be liable; and, amongst other Hardships, they have found the Duties payable to Government very oppressive, from the Mode in which they are collected, and the peculiar Manner in which Glass is made by Casting, differing much from all other British Manufactories wherein the Glass is made by Blowing, and on which the Duties fall much lighter, although the Quantum of the Duty charged by Law on the Materials is the same, and this appears to be owing to a Waste of Metal through the whole Process of the Casting Work, exceeding in Quantity more than double the Waste of the Blowing Work, whereas the Allowance for Waste (being One Fourth Part of the whole Quantity of clean Metal in the Pot) is equal to both, and therefore it compensates for the Loss by Waste, in a Manner much more advantageous to the Blowing than it does to the Casting Glass Manufactory, and the Petitioners can prove that they have paid Duties upon an extra Waste of Metal not known in the Blowing Glass Manufactories, to the Amount of £6,000, and upwards; and that, from some Error in the Mode of Gauging the Pots, the Petitioners have actually paid Duty for more Glass Metal than was ever melted by them, to the Amount of £2,000, and upwards, making in the Whole a Sum of £ 8,000, and upwards, which, they apprehend, has been a Charge upon their Manufactory beyond the equitable Intention of the Law, and is a singular Excess beyond the Duties collected upon all other Plate Glass Manufactories in this Kingdom; and that, from such heavy Burthens upon the Produce of the Manu-r factory, they find themselves unable to continue their . Endeavours to support it without some Relief shall be given by Parliament, as there appears 1o be a considerable Annual Loss, upon an Average Balance stated for some Years past, which must soon destroy the Company, unless by such Relief their Income can be increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and further enforce, the said Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to enlarge the Company’s Capital Stock, and to give such further Relief, in regard to the Payment of Duties, as may repair the Losses already sustained by the Company, and prevent the like in future, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Maclavorlh, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet To-morrowr Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Prevention of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Smuggling, to consider of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

Digttr

e

68 2° Jtmii. A. 17 84.

Ordered, That the several Reports, which, upon the 24th Day of December, and the 1st and 23d Days of March, in the last Session of Parliament, were made from the Select Committee, appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices now used in defrauding the Revenue

this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the same, and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbei't reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That-the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdon].

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly. Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the mom effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Westminster A Petition of Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the Liberty

Flection. of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peters, Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed that a Petition has been presented to the House, from certain Electors of the City of Westminster, complaining of the Conduct of the Petitioner, and that the said Electors are to be heard by Counsel at the Bar of this House: And therefore praying, That he may be permitted to be heard by Counsel against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petitioner be permitted to be heard by his Counsel* at the Bar of this House, against the Allegations contained in the said Petition of the Electors of the City of Westminster.;

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Proclamation, made on the 26th Day of March last, for the Election of Two Citizens to serve in the then ensuing Parliament for the said City and Liberty, Thomas Corbett, Esquire, Bailiff* of the said City and Liberty, did, on the 1st Day of April last,. proceed in such Election, when Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, and Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, were proposed as Candidates; and that the Poll continued until the 17th Day of May last, when the same w as closed, and the Numbers, as they then stood on the Poll, appeared to be, for Lord Hood, 6,694; for Mr. Fox, 6,234; and for Sir Cecil Wray, 5,998; and that the said Sir Cecil Wray, one of the said Candidates, and several of the Electors, signed a Requisition to the said Thomas Corbett, demanding a Scrutiny of the Votes that had been polled at that Election, which the said Bailiff*

(after hearing what was alledged by the said Charles James Fox and his Counsel, and also by Sir Cecil Wray and his Counsel, and also Counsel for the said Electors who had signed such Requisition) granted accordingly, and appointed the 28th Day of May for proceeding the rein; and that the Petitioners are well assured, that no true and decisive Judgment can be formed as to the Majority of legal Votes in Favour of any Two of the said Candidates, without such an Investigation as could not be entered into during the Course of the Poll; and that the Petitioners are informed, that Proceedings are carrying on in this House for the Purpose of requiring the said Bailiff to make a Return of Members as the Numbers stood at the Close of the Poll, which, they conceive, would be highly injurious to their Rights and Franchises:

And therefore praying, That, the Premises being taken into Consideration, the House will permit the said Bailiff to proceed in the said Scrutiny, and that the House will grant such further or other Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox, relating to the late Election for the City of Westminster, and to the Return or Answer of the Bailiff of the said City to the Precept of the Sheriff of Middlesex, is taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Westminster further Hearing of Counsel upon the Matter of the Election. Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox, relating to the late, Election for the City of Westminster, and to the Return or Answer of the Bailiff of the said City to the Precept of the Sheriff of Middlesex.

And the Counsel for Mr. Fox; and also, the Counsel for the several Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, who petitioned this House upon Monday last; and likewise the Counsel for the said Bailiff, were called in.

And the said Petition of the several Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said City and Liberty, was read.

And the Counsel for the said Electors were heard, and examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in Support of the said Petition.

Then one of the Counsel for the said Bailiff was heard; and having proposed to call Mr. James Paul Atkinson, in order to prove that a great Number of Persons, not being Inhabitants of Westminster, had got their Names upon the Poll, and that, as such Facts came to his knowledge during the Poll, he got them communicated to the Bailiff; and also to prove, that having heard that Persons were placed in the Streets to collect Passengers, and carry them to the Poll to vote for Mr. Fox, he got that Fact communicated by Affidavit to the said Bailiff;

The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Counsel for the High Bailiff be restrained from producing any Evidence to impeach the Legality of Votes at the late Election for the City of Westminster;

An

Persons to attend.

24 Geo. III.

-° — 3 0

69

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Question, by inserting, after the Words " Legality of,"

the Word " particular."

And the Question being put, That the Word " particular" be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp 11 c fThe Lord Maitland, 1 _

Tellers for the Yeas, {Mr. Sheri(lan:,) 77-

Tellers for the Noes,

21 i

Jovis, 3° die Junii;

Anno 24* Georgii III*15 Regis, 1784.

fMr. Robert Smith, 1

\Mr. Steele: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in, and directed to proceed.

And the Counsel for the said Bailiff proceeded in their Evidence; and, having examined the said Mr. Atkinson with respect to certain Lists of Persons who had voted at the said Election, not being qualified so to do;

And an Objection being made, by a Member of the House, to the Matter of the said Examination;

The Counsel, and the said Witness, were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Counsel for the High Bailiff be restrained from producing any Evidence to impeach the Legality of Votes at the late Election for Westminster, except only in such Cases wherein such Evidence may be necessary for the Defence of the said High Bailiff';

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in, and directed to proceed.

And the Counsel for the said Bailiff proceeded further in their Evidence; and, having desired that an Affidavit might be delivered in at the Table, and read, which had been shewn to the said Mr. Atkinson in the Course of his Examination, and which he had said w as the Paper that he had delivered to the said Bailiff;

And the said Affidavit being delivered in at the Table accordingly;

The Counsel for Mr. Fox objected to the same being read; and were heard in Support of their Objection.

And the Counsel for the said Bailiff were heard, in Answer to the said Objection.

And one of the Counsel for Mr. Fox having been heard, by Way of Reply;

The Counsel were again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Paper purporting to be an Affidavit, produced as communicating Intelligence to the High Bailiff of the State of Persons who were brought to vote at the late Election for Westminster, be read.

And then, the House having continued to sit till Six of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the Matter of the said Petition of the Right honourable Charles Janies Fox, bo further adjourned till this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Thomas Corbett, Esquire, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, do attend this House this Day.

Ordered, That Mr.....Grojan, Deputy to the

Bailiff of the City of Westminster, do attend this House at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Vol. 40.

Prayers.

A PETITION of George Bishop, Proprietor of Bishop's the Maidstone Geneva Manufactory, was pre- Geneva, sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, by a considerable Residence in Holland, and great Attention to the Method of making Spirits there, which are known by the Name of Geneva, made himself Master of the Art and Mystery of preparing the same; and that the Spirit so manufactured in the United Provinces was always allowed to be far superior in Quality to the same Kind of Spirit made in any other Country, until the Petitioner, after repeated Experiments, and a very great Expence in providing and constructing the necessary Buildings and Implements, established his said Manufactory at Maidstone, where he has, till lately, made Spirits fully equal in Flavour, Strength and Purity, to the best made in Foreign Countries, insomuch that it is very difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish the same from the best Holland's Geneva; and that, in order to make the Spirit he manufactures, the Nature of his Process requires a much larger Proportion of Wash to a given Quantity of Geneva than by a lately made Law is permitted, for which Reason the Petitioner applied to the House in the last Parliament, to be exempted from the Provision of an Act, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duties payable on Chocolate made " in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland cc Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the " better and more effectual securing the Revenue " of Excise, and of the Inland Duties under the Ma*

" nagement of the Commissioners of Excise, and for " preventing Frauds therein; for the more punctual " and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made " to Brewers out of the additional Duties imposed on " Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act made " in this present Session of Parliament, with respect to " the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty " of £. 5 per Centum upon the Duties of Excise imposed by the said Act;" and that the Petitioner, not succeeding in his Application, and being most grievously injured in his Property, and embarrassed in his Trade? by the Provisions of the said Act, hath ever since used his utmost Skiff and Diligence to discover some Mode of Working, by which he might make Spirits as good as those he used to do, conformably to the Provisions and Restrictions of the said Act, but ‘ without Success; and therefore the Petitioner hopes, if some Relief was to be granted him respecting the Method of charging and collecting the Excise Duty on the Spirit he manufactures, he may be enabled to carry on his Trade as well as he did before the passing of the said Act, by w'hich the Revenue would be very materially benefited, and the smuggling of Holland's Geneva into this Country in some Degree prevented:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as the singular Hardship of his Case may be found to merit, and as to the House shall seem meet and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Liverpool unto subscribed, Freemen of the Borough of Liverpool, Election, in the County of Lancaster, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Liverpool, the Right honourable Lord Penrhyn, Sir William Meredith, Baronet, Bamber

T Gascoynq

Digffeed

7°

i y 84.

Gascoyne the Younger, Esquire, and Banastre Tarleton, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, after the Teste of the Writ, and during the Election, the several Candidates, by themselves or their Friends, and on their Behalf, and at their Charge, gave divers Sums of Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, to the Freemen having Votes for the said Borough, in order to procure their Votes at such Election, and by those, and other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices, the Freedom of Election for the said Borough was grossly violated: And therefore praying, That this Matter may be taken into Consideration, and that such Relief may be given in the Premises, as, upon a due Examination, shall appear to be just and consistent with the Dignity of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 17th Day of August next, at the same Time that the Petition of Banastre Tarle-ion, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and

11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant Ordnance to their Address to His Majesty, Estimate.

State of the Debt, and Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1784. — Land Service.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said State and Estimate, was read.

The said State and Estimate are as followeth; viz.

STATE of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, as far as the same can at present be ascertained.

DEBENTURES (in Course of Office) made out and unpaid, to 31 December 1783; mr. For Stores supplied, and Services performed ---- Sundry Freights ------- ' Gunpowder Small Arms Brass and Iron Ordnance, Shot and Shells - - - I- s. d. 469,55.? ‘ 6 2 11,506 7 10 89,339 16 9 64,304 3 — 245,963 18 4

L Sundry Debentures to be paid in Ready Money, per Contract or Agreement -. - 29,50s 13 7 880,669 12 i

The Remainder of the Debt, for which Debentures have not yet been 1 made out, is estimated as follows; viz'. L- s- & Hire of Storeships to 31 December 1783 - 38,401 17 3 Due for Salt Petre, with Interest, to 30 Sept. 1784 - 59,459 4 8 On sundry Accounts ..... 28,709 11 — Sums on Account of Salaries and other Services for 1783, remaining unpaid out of the Grants of Parliament for that Year 71,296 14 2 Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of the Fleet in The East Indies - - - . - - 65,155 16 6 Sums estimated to be due on Warrants issued for providing Stores - 77,369 6 7 34o,392 10 2 369,901 3 9

Total of Debt - - £. *>250,570 15 10

Towards the Payment of which there remains in the Hands of the Treasurers of the Ordnance - - 13,383 6 8 Sums advanced by the Treasurer for the current Service for this Year, which it is proposed to replace out of the Grants for 1784 - 85,867 5 6 99>25o 12 2

Note, The Sum of ,£.49,881. 10. 10. voted in 1782, for Salt Petre, makes Part of the above Sum of £. 85,867. 5. 6. and was applied to the current Service of this Year. Note, In the Amount of the Debt, as here stated, is included the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service in 1783, and not provided for by Parliament, amounting to £. 181,141. 6. 4. - M5i,32o 3 g 181,141 6 4

Which, when paid, will reduce the Debt to ..... Savings from the Votes of Parliament of last Year, remaining unissued from the Exchequer, which, if applied in Diminution of the Debt 970,178 17 4 48,052 19 6

Will reduce it to - - £. 922,125 17 10

expence

7?

34 Geo. III. 3° Jumi.

EXPENCE of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His* Majesty’s Orders, a$d

not provided for by Parliament, in-i 783.

EXPENDED.

NORTH AMERICA: ~

Artillery and Engineers Staff - -

Impts for Bills of Exchange for Contingencies

Expence of Transports - -

Impi9 for Bills of Exchange drawn by the Storekr for Extradrd9

NOVA SCOTIA:

Artillery and Engineers Staff "

Impi9 for Bills of Exchange for Contingencies - -

D° drawn by the Storekr for Extraord9 -Expence of Transports

ISLAND OF ST. JOHN: Impt9 for Bills of Exchange drawn for erecting Fort Charlotte

PROVINCE OF QUEBEC:

Artillery and Engineers Staff -

Impi9 for Bills of Exchange for Contingencies -

D° drawn by the Storekr for Extraord* - - ~

Expenre of Transports - .

Artificers Tools and Materials sent

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Impi9 for Bills of Exchange for Contingencies of Artillery D° drawn by the Storekr for Extraord9 at St. Johns -Expence of Transports -

A Supply of Stores sent - - «„

WEST INDIES AND JAMAICA:

Artillery and Engineers Staff, Leeward Islands Impt9 for Bills of Exchange for Conting9 at D*

Expence of Transports -

D* - Jamaica

Artillery and Engineers Staff - - D°

Impi9 for Bills of Exchange for Contingencies . D®

D* drawn by the Storekr for Extraord9 at - D*'

EAST AND WEST FLORIDA:

6,0 12

s. d.

6 —

45,ii7 10 5 22,586 4 2 2,710 16 —

£. s. d.

76,426 16 7

979 8 6 907 — 10

2,862----

347 »o —

5,095 19 4 .

396 5 6 3.536 18 10 1,222 13 3 2,488 1 3 4,011 12 4

424 8 4

11,655 11 2

810 5 — 7.32i 4 7

445 14 8 680 10 9

9.257 15 —

2,054 9 — 15,647 17 8

12,275 7 4 9,444 17 1

596 o — I 4,577. 6 4 1,002 12 5

45,598 18 10

Imp*’ for Bills of Exchange for Conting* of Artillery, Florida D* drawn by the Storekeeper for Extraord* at D* - *

Paid for budding Materials, Tools, in West Florida - -

Artillery Staff - - - ’ *

AFRICA:

Artillery and Engineers Staff - -; -

Imp* for Bills of Exchange for Works at Goree - - *

Expence of Transports - . - *

Vol. 40,

7,418 9 10

115-----

1,756 9 10

254 11 —

9,544 10 8

1,274----

1,321 3 n 8,943 3 —

11,538 6 11

EAST

73

Artillery Staff Expence of Transports

3° Junii.

EAST INDIES: GIBRALTAR:

A. 1784.

Powder, Tents, and other Stores sent -

Imp’* for Bills of Exchange drawn by Order of the Governor

Expence of Transports - -

L s, d.

934 5 3 1,021 10 —

22,188 8 4

47,550 15 1

53,084 2 8

MINORCA:

Additional Pay to Engineers and Artillery Officers during the Siege

SCOTLAND:

Hire of Artillery Horses, Conductors, and Drivers -

IRELAN D:

Pay and victualling Two Hulks in Dublin Harbour -

GUERNSEY:

Expence of an Ordnance Transport sent by the Commander in Chief on Account of the Mutiny -

£ d.

L955 15 3

122,823 6 1

1,644 iS 7

93 14 7

2,138 10 4

WOOLWICH:

Paid for defraying the Extraord7 Expences of the Lab7 for Land Service ——

RIVERHUMBER:

Pay, Victualling, and Expences for Two Hulks -

LYME REGIS:

Repairing the Breaches in the Pier, commonly called The Cobb -

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY AND ENGINEERS;

Additional, Superannuated, and Half Pay Officers and Men -Pay of Mattrosses belonging to the Companies of Artillery on Foreign Service, not reduced to the Peace Estab', to 31 December 1783

Pay of Officers and Artificers on the Artillery Staff in Eng- £. s. d.

land, to 31 May 1783, when they were discharged - - 866 6 —

Forage and Incidents ----- 4,714 7 4

Hire of Artillery Horses - - . - - - 1,116 10 5

Paid for Contingencies of the Royal Regim* of Artillery - - 5,464 7 5

Arms, Tents, and Ammunition for -the Army:

Arms to Three Reg1* of Dragoons, One Reg* of Foot Guards, and to sun dry Reg" of Foot (to replace those lost in Service) -Additional Supply of Ammunition to the Foot Guards ... Tents to sundry Regiments on Foreign Service -

Arms and Ammunition for Militia:

Arms delivered to Three Regiments - . - .

Ammunition delivered to Twenty-two D* - - - \ -

1,323 18 4

3,146 — 9

2,309 16 6

3,006 211

1,238 17 1 9,962 4 3

12,161 11 2

23,362 12 6

9,947 6 8 587 7 1 1,344 5 10

2,714 17 —

1,198 8 5

11,8/8 19 7

3,913 5 5

Barrack

24 Geo. III.

3° Jun

Barrack Bedding sent to -

Portsmouth -Dover -Chatham - -

[Hull....

Money issued to pay the Interest due on Imp" paid in 1783

Tota^ expended

Deduct the following Sums voted on Account in 1783; vvd.

For Staff in North America and The West Indies Contingencies - - - D*

Extraord* at New York D° - - Jamaica

D* - Halifax

D# - - Quebec «

Repairs of Fortifications, and for the current Service at St. Johns, Newfoundland -

A Supply of Stores D*

Extraord* at East Florida Staff in The East Indies

A Supply of Stores at Gibraltar - - f -

Bills of Exchange - -

Extraordy Expences at the Lab7 at Woolwich -Hire of Transports -

Artillery Staff in England, and Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers -Contingencies of Artillery - -

Remains unprovided

s. d.

10,000-----

35,ooq —

3.000 -

2.000 ______

4.000 -

2.000 -

,6,000----

2.000 -

1,500-----

748 5 ~

10.000 -

20.000 -

13 1 83,648 8 —

6,266 11 1

5.000 -

73

£ s- d. 184 19 6 873 8 8 960 8 1 116 4 3 25,874 15 5

375»H8 3 6

194,006 17 a

181,141 6 4

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1784. LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY:

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants employed at the Tower ....

And at the following Places;

Woolwich ....

Purfleet -

Gravesend and Ttlbury ....

Chatham ....

Upnor Castle -

Sheerness ....

Feversham.

Dover ....

Portsmouth ....

Priddy’s Hard Plymouth ....

Keyham Point ....

Isle of Man ....

Greenwich, Windsor, Hampton Court, and St. James's

(Pendemtisi Stilly Island, Chester, Carlisle, Berwick,} Tinmouth Castle, and Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yar- > mouth, Landguard Fort, Guernsey, and Jersey -J Rent for Use of Land and Houses ..... Estab* of the Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder - - '

Estab* of the Office of Inspector of Artillery, and for proving Guns -Estab* of the Superintendent of Military Machines

Oue-Half of which is charged to the Sea Service VoL. 40. U

£ s- d-14,966 18 —

1,334 10 — 54i 5 —

255 -

600----

80----

380----

290----

120----

814 15 —

205----

644 15 —

170----

166----

226 — —

520----

552 15 —

1,888 5 923 7 6 382 17 6

24,961 8 —

d.

12,480 14 — Pay

74


3° Jun

r North Britain Gibraltar - -

St. Johns and Placetitia, in

Quebec - -

Halifax - -

Gambia -

Jamaica -

Grenada -

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons Batteries in Britain, and of the

Gunners at James's Park, and the Tower of Londont, with their Allowance for Cpals and Candles - -

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, and Postage of Letters - -

Ordinary Repairs of Fortifications, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, Palli-sades, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several Forts and Castles in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - - - .

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, 8$c. and repairing the same, at the several Forts, Castles, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores, for the common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower - - -

Pay of the Corps of Engineers - - - - " -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 3,282 Men, Officers included Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters, of the Royal Military Academy

at Woolwich.....- - -

Establishment of Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain and Foreign Garrisons -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Men — Half Pay of reduced Officers — Widows Pensions — and Allowances to Officers for good Services; pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants Money to be paid at the Treasury and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of

£610,149. 8. 11. being the Amount of this Estimate....

Fee to be paid to the Auditor and Chief Baron, for passing this Account -

Ordinary - - £

Pay of Cfiyil I Officer^ fMm Artificers At]

Newfoundland -

A. 1784.

I. s. cl

55.5 16 —

1>332 *4 —

1,281----

.845 8 — 603 i8 — -37 18 —

183----

146 8 —

3.423 13 —

18,000-----

15,000 — 6,079 4 7

6.000 -

2.000 -

10,414 13 4

112,490 2 —

1,844 14 — 2,048 2 — 21,147 14 3

1,113 8 6

313 6 8

217,541 14 4

EXTRAORDINARIES for OO

NEWFOUNDLAND: I-« d. I- S. d.

On Account of Staff and Contingencies of Artillery - . 700

Towards Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Storehouses, and for the

Current Service - - - . 2,230

Fuel for the Barracks - - - - . - -. 2,170

5,100

NOVA SCOTIA:

On Account of Staff and Contingencies of Artillery - 1,400

Towards erecting Magazines, Storehouses, and Artillery. Sheds, and for the Current Service - - - - 10,000

- 11,400

QUEBEC:

On Account of Staff and Contingencies of Artillery - 2,500

Bills of Exchange, expected to be drawn on Account of the Current

Service - - - -. - 1,500

4,000

NEW YORK:

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers, from 1st January to 31st Mar. 1784 ~ m rn 81 18 —

EAST

75

04'G.eo. III.

3

0.

EAST FLORIDA:

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers, ;from ’1st Jaauaty to 30th September 3

1784 - - - -....

JAMAICA:

On Account of Staff and Contingencies of Artillery - Bills <Sf 'Exchange, expected to -be drawn -on Account of the Current Service ——

WEST INDLES:

On Account of Staff and Contingencies 6f Artillery - ’ -

BiHs of (Exchange, expected to be drawn for Extraordin* - -

EAST INDIES: Officers and Artificers on the Staff - - .

-Gi b R A LT A R:

Pay of the Company of Artificers -To answer Bills of Exchange drawn - - 9,500

D® - expected to be drawn - - 15,500

JERSEY:

For the Works

For the Works

GUERNSEY:

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts 8ftid Barracks in Scotland - - ‘ -

PORTSMOUTH:

For repairing the Old Works and other Buildings at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division - - - -; - -

Towards improving the Works at Cumberland Fort -Towards completing the Works near the Dock Yard, called The New Works, so far as upon the reduced Plan is judged hece&ary, estimated at £. 16,000 — of which is asked for this Year Towards carrying on the Works at Fort Monckton -

Money to be paid to the Navy Board, for strengthening the Sea Wall now building near Haslar Hospital, in order to render the same useful for Defence - - -; -

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Lines, Citadel, and various Places in the Division - «

For completing the Five Redoubts on Maker Height, towards the making a Canal at the Powder Magazine at Keyham Point, and cdtfipfeting that Building ——

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Upnor, Gillingham, Cockham Wood, and Howness - -

For Works on Amherst's and Townshend's Redoubts, and for the Lines

Vol. 40.

t s. d.

2,400-----

1,500-----

SrOop

S,oooo

4,504 17 35,000 —

5,56*

5,000

8,000 10,do©

3,000 — —

5,648

8,600

3,757

6,236

£ s. d.

493 4. —

3,9°o —

'8,000 — —

512 8 —

29,504 17

4,000 —

4,000-----

4,861 w

31,367-----

13,648-----

9,993 -

SHEERNESS:

Go

76

3° Junii.

SHEERNESS:

To repair the Breakwaters, for the Preservation of the Place against the Sea, and the necessary Repairs of the Garrison -

Finishing the Well -

GRAVESEND and TILBURY: For Works and Repairs -

FEVERSHAM:

For finishing the new Powder Mill, erecting a Landing Bridge and Platform, completing the Canal, erecting a new Storehouse for air-drying Salt Petre, and Repairs of Buildings - -

LANDGUARD FORT:

For building small Powder Magazines in the Batteries, and Repairs in the Garrison ——

Towards the new Works nearly completed -

YARMOUTH ROADS:

For erecting a Storehouse, removing the Stores to it, and in Part dismantling the Works ——

WOOLWICH:

Towards the extra Expence of the Laboratory, &c. For converting the Sand Wharf into a Shot Yard

ISLE OF MAN:

For building Guard Houses, Sheds, and Small Powder Magazines, at Douglas, Ramey, Peel, and Derby Haven, in order to render the Batteries already constructed at those Places useful, in protecting the Officers of the Revenue in the Execution of their Duty *----

SHIPPING:

Towards defraying the Hire of Transports {^WpTnot^ved - -

REGIMENT of ARTILLERY:

On Account, for Contingencies -

Towards carrying into Execution the Plan of Fortifications for completely defending and securing the Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth, £ 500,000 — of which is asked for this Year....

Extraordinaries

Ordinary

Ordinary and Extraord* Unprovided -

£. s. d.

1,429-----

1,000----7-

1,933 14 1,000 —

2,843 13 1

200-----

4,498

3,000

A. 1784.

£ s.

2,429----.

5,197 14 2

2,000-----

2,933 14 —

1,303-----

3,043 13 1

1,200 -

7,498-----

5,000 -----:

50,000 —

211,466 8 3

- 217,541 14 4

429,008 2 7

- 181,141 6 4

£ 610,149 8 11

SAVINGS

24 Geo. Ill

3° Junii.

77

SAVINGS arising from the Works not having been yet proceeded on, and the Stores not sent, for which the following Sums were voted by Parliament in 1783, amounting to 51,052. 19. 6.; which being unissued to this Office, remains for the Disposition of Parliament; viz1.

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs and additional Buildings at the Gun Wharf Towards building an Hospital -Towards building a Fort at Stokes Bay

PLYMOUTH:

Towards erecting a new Fort on Maker Height

.....Merry Field -

Towards building an Hospital -

SHEERNESS: To build a Powder Magazine -

WOOLWICH:

For building a Chapel at the new Barracks For erecting a Powder Magazine -

{Nova Scotia Jersey Guernsey

£. s. d.

3,723 6 9

L372 — 10,000-----

10.000 —

10.000 — 1,372 —

Deduct — the Sum voted for building a Chapel at the new Barracks at Woolwich - ....

3,000

3,230

C d.

15,095 6 9

21,372 —

2,355 12 9

6,230 — —

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

£ 51,052 19 6

3,000

£ 48,052 19 6

N. B. The Sum of £. 3,000, voted in 1783 for building a Chapel at the new Barracks at Woolwich, was not applied to that Service, but entered in the foregoing List as a Saving, upon a Supposition that the Purchase of the House, late Sir Gregory Page's, at Blackheath, would have taken Place; in which Case the present Academy would have been converted into a Chapel. This Purchase not taking Effect, it becomes necessary to carry into Execution the building of a Chapel according to the former Vote of Parliament.

Richmond, <§'c. James Luttrell, G. Crccwfurd\

Master General,

W. Howe, J. Aldridge, T/10. Baillier

Lieutenant General.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said State and Estimate be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

&c. ‘Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition* of several of the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Fifth *Yeai\of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-u pairing and widening the Road from Alford to Bos-' €t ton, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County " of Lincoln" and of several of the Creditors on the Tolls granted by the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Vol. 40.

Orders of the House, of the; 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Robert Martin being examined, said, That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Road, and the Sum of £.8,125 has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Road effectually repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the

X said

Framptoo

Inclosure.

Wool-

combing.

7» 3° 5

said Act are continued and enlarged; several Alterations and Amendments being necessary, particularly a Power for stopping a Lane at Langton, whereby the Tolls are very much evaded.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to " Cowbridge, in the County of LincolnAnd that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Robert Barlow, Esquire, John Tun-nard, Thomas Turmard, and Richas'd Yerburgh, Gentlemen, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Frampton, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open Fields, Parcels of Common, Fen, and Waste Grounds, whereon the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common, and also certain Plots of Land called the Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes s, in and near to the said Parish, which contain in the Whole, by Estimation, about 1,500 Acres; and that the Lands lie dispersed and intermixed with each other in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement; and that it would be for the mutual Advantage and Convenience of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their respective Estates, if a general Division and Inclosure could be had of the said Open Fields, Parcels of Common, Fen, and other the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and the said Plots of Land, within and near to the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Parcels of Common, Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Frampton, and also the said Plots of Land called the Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes s, in and near to the said Parish, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yam, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Yams spun in the said County have greatly declined in their Value, occasioned principally by the fraudulent Reeling thereof; and that, in consequence of the Preference given to the Yarns of other Counties, where a Regulation, under £he Sanction of an Act of Parliament, has taken Place (unless the Petitioners are authorized to make such Regulations) it is to be feared their Trade will greatly decline, and with it the Employment and Sup^ pprt of the Poor in the said County; and that, by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, llemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hotpressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and for the better Payment of their Wages; and, by Two other Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Penalties

'unit. . 1784.

and Punishments are inflicted upon all Persons who shall reel false or short Yarn, and on Persons embezzling Materials used in the said Manufactures; and that the gpod Purposes of the said Laws have been greatly frustrated, from the Petitioners being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the Loss attending the Resentment of the Spinners and Work People, by prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts; and that this important Branch of the Woollen Manufactory of the said County will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the Petitioners are enabled jointly to carry those Laws into effectual Execution, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament; and that, by an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool,

Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Chester, certain Powers were given for the Appointment of a Committee of the Manufacturers of the said Counties, with Power to nominate proper Persons to be Inspectors for the Purposes therein mentioned, and also, to have the Direction of all Prosecutions of Offenders against that and the aforementioned Acts, and also the Management of the Fund therein created, and to do such other Matters and Things for carrying the said Act into Execution, as they should think best for the Interest and Advantage of all the said Manufacturers, by which the Yarns of the said Counties have been greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, with similar Powers to the aforesaid Act, and for such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House may seem meet, and the Necessity of the Case requires.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Rous and Mr. Grigby do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord Maitland presented to the House, accord- Bank of ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Governor and Com- Scotland, pany of the Bank of Scotland, further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in His Debtors Majesty’s Prison of The Fleet, was presented to the P®111101* House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, Fugitives, and Bankrupts, in certain Cases.

A Petition of the Insolvent Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Gaol of Bristol: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors in Ivelchester Gaol;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; likewise complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 14th Dalby’s Day of April 1769, was made from the Committee, to claims-whom the Petition of Francis Dalby, of London, Merchant, wras referred, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Thomas JVeekes Dalby, of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, Clerk, Executor of the last Will and Testament of Edward Downes, deceased, who was Executor of the last Will and Testament of Charles Weekes, late of London, Merchant, deceased, is referred.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 1st Day of May 1770, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report which was made from the Committee,

9 to

24 Geo. III. 30 Junu. 75)

Army

Estimates.

to whom the Petition of Francis Dalhy, of London, Merchant, had been referred, was re-committed, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to 'their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britainr Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1783. to 24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Two Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Foot in Great Britcdnx from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 366 Days, for the Year 1784: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1784*

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of light Pragoooos, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Servica in

East India, from 2£th December 1783 to 24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, to 0 the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies, and Clerks, inducting the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, of the Amount of -Exchequer Fees to bje paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1784, being 36^ Days; Apd also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Inn Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the send jspital, for the Year 1784.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

N.B. The 2d, 3d, 5th, 6th* 7th, and 8th of the said Estimates, being the same as those which were presented to this House upon the 1st Dqy of Decemberand the 10th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, and entered in the Journal of those Days, are not her$ agam inserted, but are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The 1st and 4th of the said Estimates are as followed; viz.

Vol. 40.

estimate;

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784,

both inclusive, being 366 Days.

00

O

CORPS.

o

CQ'

n‘

CD

CL

cr

CD

o

7T

Horse - -J

Dragoons -<

Light Dragoons-

Foot Guards

First Troop of Life Guards -Second D* -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second D° -

Royal Reg‘ of Horse Guards -

First Reg' of Dragoon Guards Second D* -Third D#

Earl of Pembroke’s Dragoons -L' General Preston's Lord Southampton's L‘ General Carpenter s -L* General Johnstone's -

Sir Henry Clinton's Lieut. General Pitt's Lieut. General Johnstone's Sir George Eliott's Major General Harcourt's

Numbers.

First Reg* of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment of D* Third Reg' of D* -

181

181

177

176

319

345

231

231

231

231

232 231 231

231

231

231

231

231

1,649

1.058

1.058

Pay of Commissioned, Charge of Clothing

Non Commissioned of Non Commissioned Agency.

Officers, Officers and Private Men. and Private Men.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d.

1,034

i,963

i,i55

3,765

15,333

10.515

10.515

10.515

10.515 10,558

10.515

10.515

14

10

10

10

10

9

10

10

10.515 10

10.515 10

10.515 10

10.515 10

10.515 10

3

8

8

8

8

9t

8

8

1,637

1.091

1.091

1.091

1.091

1.091

1.091

1.091

7 1 1 11 11 11 11 1 1 1 1

1,091 11

1,091 11

1,091 11

1,091 11

1,091 11

1 11 11 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 11

I I 1 1

II 1 I 1 1

335 16 226 9

226 226 226 9 226 17 226 9

226 9

8

10 9 10 y 10

Allowce* to Captains. Paymasters, Surgeons, and Riding Master,

226

226

226

226

226

10

5*

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

£ s. d.

558

372

372

372

372

372

372

372

372

372

372

372

372

TOTAL

I. s. d.\

17,653 8

17,653 8 —

10,900 14 —

10,772 12 —

26,126 6 —

17,864 18 10

12,205 12 5

12,205 12 5

12,205 12 5

12,205 12 5

12,248 19 2

12,205 12 5

12,205 12 5

12,205 12 5

12,205 12 5

12,205 12 5

12,205 12 5

12,205 12 5

46,106 17 -

29,841 4

29,896 2 -

£ s. d.

uo

83,106 8 — 0

103,347 12 6

61,028

105.844 3 —

OO

Vol. 40. y ESTI

Foot -

Invalids

Lieutenant General Prescott's Reg* -

Major General Picto?is -

Major General O'Haras

Sir William Howe's -

Lieutenant General Taylcr's -

Lieutenant General Massey s -

Sir Charles Grey's -

Sir Rober't Pigott's -

Lieutenant General Boyd's

Sir Robert Hamilton's -

General Carey's

Lieut General Walsh's -

Lieut. General Baugh's -

Major General Mat hero's

Major General Leslie's -

Lieut. General Pomeroy's

Major General McNabb's Reg* Thirty-six Independent Companies -

Garrisons with Fire and Candle

For recruiting His Majesty’s Forces for 1784, upon Account -

Contingencies, upon Account -

471 - 8,553 — 7

471 - 8,415 11 7

471 - 8,415 11 7

471 - 8,415 u 7

471 8,415 n 7

471 - 8,415 11 7

471 - - 8,415 11 7

471 - 8,415 I' 7

471 - 8,415 11 7

471 - 8,415 ii 7

47 > - 8,415 11 7

471 - 8,415 11 7

471 - 8,415 11 7

47i 8,415 11 7

471 47i 7,5S6 8,415 11 7

- 410 - 7,709 4 1

1,620 2,030 27,151 13 —

17.483 £311,210 12 yi

War Office,

" June 1784.

H

1,287 14 6 162 10 446 — — , 10,449 5 1

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 lfil 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — 10,31a 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — ' — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 161 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — . 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

1,287 14 6 l6l 5 5 446 — — 10,310 11 6

165,107 17 7

59° 3 6 211 3 6 1,040 — — 9,550 11 1

2,305 16 — 814 7 — 3,600 — — 33,871 16 -

43,422 7 1

792 13 10 - - - - r 1' 29,811 5 - 30,603 18 10

» - 23,730 — —

- 20,000 — —

39,028 16 3 6,661 4 4 16,798 — £ 636,190 9 1

*0

-o

w

o

U>>

o

Geo. Yonge-

00

Dotfnton

Election.

3° Jmii.

A. 1784.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 366 Days,

for the Year 1784.

General and General Staff Officers

For 366 Days.

6,080 6 6

War Office,

June 1784.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves,

A Petition of James Hill and George Quinton, Free- their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which

holders of the Borough of Dmnton, in the County of the said Petition was ordered to be taken into

Wilts, was delivered in at the Table, and read-; Set- . Consideration.

ting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, serve in Parliament for the said Borough, which was or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as held on the 5th Day of April last, the honourable shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on Henry Seymour Conway, Robert Shafto, Esquire, the the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, honourable Edward Bowcerie, fend William Scott,

Doctor of Laws, were Candidates; and that, a Poll Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Manufac-being demanded, Henry Harrison, Esquire; and John to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tories in Dagge, Gentleman, severally claimed to be the proper to consider of the Report which was made from the Scotland. Returning Officer, and each of them proceeding to Committee to whom the Petition of Sir James Maw-take a Poll, the Petitioners tendered their Votes for well, of Pollock, Baronet, Robert Bogle, Robert Crau-the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto, as fur A, John Maxwell, and John Craig, Proprietors of well to the said Henry Harrison as to the satd John the Soap Manufactory of Glasgow, and Copartners,

Dagge, who ought to have admitted them upon each under the Firm of Robert and Company,

of foe said Polls, the Petitioners being severally Free- Merchants in Glasgow, and of James Corbet, James holders, and lawful Electors of Members to serve in Dunlop, George Brown, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Parliament for the said Borough; notwithstanding Cross, Hugh Wyllie, Thomas Danmore, Robert Dunmore, which, neither of them, foe said Henry Harmon and Junior, James Sommerville, Robert Craufurd, George John Dagge, would receive the Petitioners Votes, but Kippen

rejected them, to the great Prejudice of foe Petition- James Scott, and William Semple, Proprietors of the

ers; and the said John Dagge did also unlawfully Rope Manufactory of Glasgow, and Copartners, under return the said Edward Bouverie and William Scott, the Firm of James Corbet and Company, Merchants in to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and of the said Glasgow, was referred, be now read.

Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto, who would And the said Order being read accordingly;

have had a Majority of good and legal Votes upon The House resolved itself into the said Com-

foe Poll so taken by the said John Dagge, in case mittee.

he had admitted the Votes of foe Petitioners, and Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

of other good and lawful Voters, who tendered their , Mr. Hunter Blair took the Chair of the Coin-

Votes to him for the said Henry Seymour Conway and mittee.

Robert Shafto; and that the Petitioners are ready and Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

desirous to substantiate and prove their several Rights Mr. Hunter Blair reported from the Committee,

to vote at the said Election: And therefore praying That he was directed by the Committee to make a foe House to take the Premises into Consideration, Motion, when the House will please to receive the and grant them such Relief therein as shall appear to same.

be just. Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Ordered, That foe said Petition be taken into Conside- Morning next, ration upon Thursday foe 17th Day of this Instant June,

at the same Time that the Petition of foe honourable Several other Petitions, complaining of undue Election Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Shafto, Esquire, is Elections and Returns, being offered to be presented Petitions ordered to be taken into Consideration. to the House; the same were delivered in at the

Memorandum: Table: And the Names of the Places to which the said-

In pursuance ot Two Acts, made in the 10th and Petitions related, were put into the Glass at the Table,

nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to and drawn by the Clerk in the following Order;

regulate the Trials of controverted Elections vi

7 A Petition

Bodmin

Election.

Heciion.

24 Geo. IIL 3 Junii.83

A Petition of William Masterman, Esquire, was they did hot elect: And therefore braving the Hojse to read; Setting forth, That, at the last General Elec- take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them tion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Bo- such Relief as to the House shall seem meet, rough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, Sir John A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Morshead, Baronet, Thomas Hunt, Esquire, and the That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to Tuesday the 12 th Day of October next, at Three of the the said Election, the said Sir John Morshead, Thomas Clock in the Afternoon;

Hunt, and George Hunt, Esquire, his Brother, and An Amendment was proposed to be made to die lately one of the Representatives of the said Borough, Question, by leaving out the Words " 12th Day of having united and resolved on using their Endeavours " October next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon," to frustrate the Petitioner’s Views of being again " and inserting the Words " 22d Day of this Instant elected to represent the said Borough, did induce se- " June, at the same Time that the Petition of the Right veral of the Electors thereof, and divers other Persons " honourable Robert Henley Ongley, Lord Ongley of who appeared and acted as their known Friends and " the Kingdom of Ireland, is ordered to be taken into Agents, to take Part wdth them in the said Design; €t Consideration," instead thereof, and that, to accomplish die End aforesaid, and to And the Question being put, That the Words

procure the said Sir John Morshead and Thomas Hunt, " 12th Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in

at all Events, to be elected the Representatives in u the Afternoon," stand Part of the Question;

Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Petitioner, they, the said Sir John Morshead and Tho~ Then the main Question being put;

mas Hunt, did procure certain Persons to tender their Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

Votes who had no Right to vote, and also were, by sideration upon Tuesday the 12th Day of October next;

themselves and by their said Friends and Agents, or at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

some of them, guilty of divers illegal, corrupt, and Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

undue Practices, to bribe and influence several of the Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as

Electors of the said Borough, who previously stood shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the

in the Interest and Support of the Petitioner, by Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Means whereof a small Majority was procured for the

sitting Members on the Poll, by some of the Electors A Petition of the several Persons, w hose Names Bucks being prevailed on to vote against the Petitioner, and are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Election; others to forbear to give him their Suffrages, although others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the several of them had firmly engaged so to do, and the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Petitioner was thereby deprived of being returned Bucks, was delivered in at the Table, and read; one of the Representatives of the said Borough, by the Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members free, independent, uncorrupted, and uninfluenced Part to serve in Parliament for the said County, which came of the said Electors, as he ought to have been: And on at Aylesbury on the 21st Day of April last past, the therefore praying the House to take his Case into Con- Right honourable William Wyndham Grenville, John sideration, and to give him such Relief as the Justice Aubrey, Esquire, and the Right honourable Ralph thereof may appear to deserve. Earl Verney, of the Kingdom of Ireland, w ere Cait-

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- dictates; and that, at the said Election, a Poll being sideration upon Thursday the 7th Day of October next, demanded and taken before the Sheriff for the said at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. County, the Petitioners and others, being a great

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Majority of legal Electors over those who polled for Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as the said John Aubrey, gave or tendered their Suffrages shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the in Favour of the said Earl Verney, and he w-as duly Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. elected, and ought to have been returned as one of the Knights of the Shire for the said County; but the!

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are said Sheriff, in taking the Poll, admitted the Votes thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the County of of a great Number of Persons in Favour of the said Bedford, and entitled to vote for Knights of the Shire John Aubrey, who had no Right to vote at the said for the said County, was read; Setting forth, That, Election, and rejected the Votes of many Persons who at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament had good Right to vote at the said Election, and who for the County of Bedford, the Right honourable the tendered their Votes for the said Earl Verney, and hath Earl of Upper Ossory, of the Kingdom of Ireland, the returned the said William Wyndham Grenville and John Right honourable Robert Henley, Lord Ongley of the Aubrey as the Two Knights of the Shire duly elected Kingdom of Ireland, and the honourable St. Andrew to serve in Parliament for the said County; and that St. John, were Candidates; and that William Gold- the said John Aubrey, by his Agents and Friends* smith, Esquire, who was the Sheriff of the said Coun- previous to and during the Election, was guilty of ty, behaved with the greatest Partiality in Favour of many undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, the said St. Andrew St. John, by rejecting a great and thereby procured himself to be returned in Pre-Number of Persons who tendered their Votes for the judice of the said Earl Verney, and in Violation of the said Robert Henley Lord Ongley, and who ought to Rights and Privileges of the Electors for the said have been admitted, having a Right to vote at such County: And therefore praying, That the House will Election, and by admitting on his Poll for the said take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the?

St. Andrew St. John a great Number of Persons who Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall were not Freeholders, or were otherwise disqualified seetn meet.

from voting, and ought to have been rejected; and, Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-by such, and various other undue Means and Practices, sideration upon Thursday the 9th Day of September next, the said St. Andrew St. John procured himself to be at the same Time that the Petition of the Right honour-returned, in Prejudice of the said Lord Ongley, who able Ralph Earl Verney, of the Kingdom of Ireland, is was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, ordered to be taken into Consideration, and of the Petitioners; and by such the Conduct of Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or the said St. Andrew St. John, and the said Sheriff, Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as the Petitioners and the other Freeholders of the said shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on County have a Member imposed upon them whom the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Vol. 40. A Petition

Wendover

Election.

Breretons Expences at Cavite.

84

30 Juniu

A. 1784.

A Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl of Verney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Buckingham, Robert Burton, Esquire, John Ord, Esquire, William Jolliffe, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Robert Burton and John Ord, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and the issuing of the Writ for the Election, and previous to, and during the Poll, by themselves and their Agents; and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf and at the Charge of the said Robert Burton and John Ord, did give, present, and allow to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertain* ment, and Provision, in order to procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough, and the said Robert Burton and John Ord were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as duly elected; and that, by the said and other indirect Means, the said Robert Burton and John Ord obtained a Majority on the Poll, and were returned accordingly, in Prejudice of the Petitioner and the Electors of the said Borough, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein, as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 14th Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 31th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of Captain William Brereton, late Lieutenant Governor of the City of Cavite, and Commander of His Majesty’s Ships stationed at The Philippine Islands, being offered to be presented to the House; ,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the , House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That an Expedition having been concerted against the Spanish Settlements in The Phillip-pine Islands, the same was undertaken by Troops composed of His Majesty’s 79th Regiment of Foot; and Europeans and Sepoys in the Service of the East India Company, who were transported to the Island of Luconia in His Majesty's Squadron commanded by Vice Admiral Cornish, assisted by some Ships belonging to the Lidia Company, and, on the 6th of October 1762, the City of Manila was taken by Storm, and the City of Cavite surrendered without an Attack; and that the City of Manila, on the 2d of November following, was delivered up to certain Agents authorized by the East India Company to receive the same, in Conformity to the Directions given by His Majesty to General Draper, who commanded the Land Forces employed upon the Expedition; and that His Majesty, anxious to preserve the said Conquest, gave Directions to His Admirals and Generals to be assisting to the Officers of the East India Company in holding Possession thereof, until His Royal Will and Pleasure should be further signified with regard to the future

o

Dispdsition of the said Conquest, which was to depend entirely and absolutely upon His Majesty; and, the India Company not having sent more Officers and Servants upon the Expedition than were necessary to take Charge of the City of Manila, and it being judged of great Importance that a Sea Officer should command at Cavite (where the Naval Arsenals and Storehouses were situate) Captain Kcmpenjdt was appointed Governor of the City and District of Cavite; and that Admiral Cornish, thinking it proper to scud Captain Kempenfclt to England with his Dispatches, appointed the Petitioner to succeed him in the Government of Cavite, and the Petitioners Commission, under the Admirals Hand and Seal, bears Date the 14th of November and he actually entered upon

the Charge of Lieutenant Governor accordingly by virtue of the said Commission; and that Admiral Cornish having nearly repaired his Squadron by the Beginning of February 1763, and being about to depart from Manila, the India Company’s Deputy Governor, on the 3d of that Month, represented to Admiral Cornish that he had not the faintest Hope of preserving the Conquest with so small a Garrison, unless he would leave a Naval Force for their Protection; and, in Consequence of the said Representation, Admiral Cornish left the Petitioner Commander in Chief of the King’s and Company’s Naval Forces, and he continued in the Government of Cavite; and that, during the Siege of Manila, the Spanish Governor dispatched a Lieutenant General into the Field to levy Forces, and to defend the Provinces in case Manila should fall into the Hands of the English, which Event taking Place the 6th of October, the War was still carried on; and that the Resources of the Spaniards in The PhiUippine Islands were infinite, and the Treasure brought from Nczv Spain in the Philippino Galleon falling into the Spanish General’s Hands, he soon levied a powerful Army, with which he surrounded Manila, and cut off all Supplies of Provisions from the Garrison, and made it dangerous for any Person to go without the Walls; and that the Representation made by the Deputy Governor of Manila to Admiral Cornish was manifested soon after his Departure with the Squadron, as the Spaniards appeared in Arms in great Multitudes in all Parts, and the Petitioner foresaw there was no Prospect of maintaining the Conquest, unless Means were found to detach the principal Inhabitants and Natives of the District of Cavitt from the Views and Interest of the Spaniards in Arms; the Petitioner therefore deemed it absolutely , necessary to keep a Public Table at Cavite, and entertain them liberally, in order to conciliate their Minds, which put him to a heavy Expence, but it had the desired Effect, as through their Influence the Petitioner was enabled to procure Provisions for the Crews of His Majesty’s Ships and the Garrisons of Manila and Caviti, which otherwise must have been abandoned; and that, in the Month of March 1764, the Petitioner received a Warrant under the King’s Sign Manual, for restoring the Conquest to the Spaniards, and in negotiating that Business the Petitioner was put to a very considerable Expence in entertaining the Spanish Governor and his Commissioners, and doing the National Honours upon that Occasion; and that when the Petitioner received the Orders for evacuating the Conquest, he had no more than Four Ships with

him

Supply.

34 Geo. III.

f Junii.

him to carry away the Troops that had been brought to Manila in Fifteen, which obliged him to fit up Two old Spanish Ships to serve as Transports, which enabled him to embark all the Troops, and to push thefm on to the Company’s Setdements in Lidia, where the Company were involved in fresh Troubles with the Country Powers; and that the Ships under the Petitioner's Command being mostly old and rotten, and badly supplied with Provisions, and the Troops and Seamen being very sickly, he was driven into the Port of Bataviain great Distress; ar)d that the Petitioner resided on Shore Six Months at Batavia, at a great Expence, in Hopes of being able to repair His Majesty’s Ship Falmouth, of which Ship the Petitioner was Commander, but, upon repeated Surveys held upon her, it was found utterly impracticable to repair her, and she was obliged to be left there, and die Petitioner, having procured other Ships to carry the Troops to Madras, and disposed of the Falmouth's Crew, he was under the Necessity of taking a Passage to Europe for himself, some of his Petty Officers, and Servants, in a Dutch East Indiaman, which was attended with great Expence and Inconvenience; and that the Petitioner also incurred very heavy Expences by the Loss of Exchange on Money taken up at Batavia for the Use of His Majesty’s Sick Seamen and Troops employed upon the Expedition, and for Costs and Damages of a Suit at Law brought against him for Matters that were indispensably necessary in carrying on His Majesty's Service, and several other Expences were incurred by the Petitioner during the Course of his Command in The Philippine Islands; and that the Petitioner has not yet received any Compensation for his said Disbursements, but, on the contrary, has been at very considerable Expence in prosecuting several Memorials, particularly to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, who are of Opinion he cannot be relieved but by the Justice and Wisdom of the Legislature: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and indemnify him for his said Expences and Disbursements, the detaining of which, for so great a Length of Time, has been attended with great Injury to his private Fortune, acquired by a long and faithful Service to his King and Country.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adam, the Master of the Rolls, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the then next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand # Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou-u sand Seven hundred and Eighty-three," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the then next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

' Mr. Steele presented to the House,

A List of Pensions, together with the Names of the Pensions. Persons to whom the same are granted, since the *4th November 1783 (being the Date of the last Return) made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon " His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same " from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the " Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by " suppressing or regulaiting certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of " the Civil List."

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Persons w'hose Names are there- Honiton unto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Par- Electio11* liament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last General Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Honiton, Sir George Yonge, Baronet, Sir George Collier, and John Bailey, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said George Yonge and Sir George Collier, by themselves and Agents, were guilty of gross Bribery and Corruption, by giving and promising the Voters of the said Borough, Money, and other Rewards for their Votes, and thereby corrupted and influenced the said Voters, and the said Sir George Collier, previous to the Election, deposited Money in the Hands of his Agents for the Purpose of procuring Votes, and which was applied for that Purpose, by which Means he corrupted and influenced the Voters; and that the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier, and their Agents, after the Teste of the Writ, and before the Close of the Poll, treated the Voters with Meat and Drink, and thereby, influenced their Voices; and, by the undue Influence the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier had over the Returning Officer, many unqualified Persons were brought to vote, whose Votes were actually received, notwithstanding Remonstrances were made to the contrary; and that, by such and other Means of undue Influence, the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier procured themselves to be returned Members for the said Borough, although the said Mr. Bailey had a Majority of legal Votes, in direct Opposition to the Rights of Election, and the Injury of the Petitioners Rights and Franchises: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 19th Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

Z the

86

3° — 7°

4. 1784.

Adjourn-

ment.

the like Notices, as in former Cases, were? sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agentsi, at the Tirqe on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

J 1 80. } 8l-

Westminster Election.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Matter of the Petition of the night honourable Charles James Fo.v, relating to the late Election for the- City of Uestminster, and to the Return, or Answer, of the Bailiff of the said City, to the Precept of the Sheriff of Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel for Mr. Fo.r; and also, the Counsel for the several Inhabitants, Householders, % and Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, who petitioned this House upon Monday last; and likewise the Counsel lor the said Bailiff, were called in.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the said Counsel with the Resolution of the House of Yesterday, viz. " That " the Paper, purporting to be an Affidavit, produced " as communicating Intelligence to the High Bailiff " of the State of Persons who were brought to " vote at tlw late Election for Westminster" be read.

Then the said Paper, purporting to be an Affidavit, was read.

And a Member of the House having proposed that Mr. James JPaul Atkinson be again called in; he was called in accordingly, and further examined in relation to the said Paper.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Then the Counsel on Behalf of the said Bailiff proceeded further in their Evidence.

And having proposed to call a Witness, in order tq authenticate the Lists of spurious Votes mentioned in the Evidence of Mr. Atkinson;

The same was objected to by the Counsel for Mr. Fox, who were heard in Support of that Objection.

And the Counsel for the said Bailiff were heard in Answer thereto.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {£; *""

Tellers for the Noes, {Jj"

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Counsel for the High Bailiff be admitted to produce Evidence to authenticate the Lists off spurious Voters alluded to in the Evidence of Mr. kin son.

Then the Counsel were again called in, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the said Bailiff proceeded further in their Evidence.

And then the Counsel were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Matter of the said Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fo.v be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Afonday Morn- Oaths in ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Scotland. House, upon the Bill to ascertain the Manner and Form of taking an Oath by certain Persons, Protestants of the ancient Church of Scotland. %

Ordered, That Thomas Corbett, Esquire, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Air.....Orojan, Deputy to the

Bailiff of the City of Westminster, do attend this House at the same Time.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Three of the Clock on Fj'iday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the j Clock.

Luncz, 7# die Junii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIIfU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

SI R John Thorold presented to the House, according Alford, &c. to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road/

And one of the Counsel for Mr. Fox having been of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Afford to Boston, and " from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lin* " coin:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

u

heard,by way of Reply;

The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposedThat the Counsel for the High Bailiff be admitted to produce Evidence, to authenticate the Lists of spurious Voters alluded to in the Evidence of Mr.

Atkinson;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " Evi-

dence" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Coni-Words "to establish that Lists of Voters alleged to be monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish ' spurious, alluded to in the Evidence of Mr. Atkinson, of in the Parts of Holland, in the County of

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according Frampton

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several

(Lincoln)

Inclosure.

to the " instead

were actually made out and presented High Bail iff before the Close of the Poll, thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by adding at the End thereof the Words " and stated to the High Bailiff to " have been made with Care, by Persons competent " to the Investigation."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved\That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according Sleaford to Order, a Bill lor making navigable a certain Navigation. Stream or River, and the Branches thereof from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the Town of New x Sleaford,

4 Geo. III. 7 87

Sleaford\ in the County of Lincoln, to the Rivet* Witham, near Chapel Hill", in the same County, and making necessary Cuts for better effecting such Navi-

fition: And the same was received; and rfcad the irst Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ebtors A Petition of the Prisoners in the Custocjy of the

nitions. Sheriff of Middlesex, confined in Newgate for Debt:

And also,

A Petition of the Insolvent Debtors, in the Gaol or Prison of the City of Norwich: And also,

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors, in His Majesty’s Gaol for the County of JVcmvick;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

tokof A Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Scotland. Bank of Scotland\ further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to prevent the forging or counterfeiting Notes or Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, or by the Royal Bank of Scotland,

Dixon’s Debt A Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s

to the Crown. Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, ac-Lk cording to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Waning-ton, Bolton, and IVigan, and to certain Places called The Braid-Oak, in Wonky, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also foe making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called The South Sea, in Pen-( dlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane to Dazvson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over KctsuII Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

brokers. Mr. Alderman Newnham presented to the House, j according to Older, a Bill to explain, amend, and I render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt " to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or I " untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful " Pawning of Goods: for the easy Redemption of Vox.. 40.

" Goods pawned; and for preventing G&mftg hi Public " Houses, by Journeymen* Labourers, Servants, and " Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlaw ful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Go9ds pawned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robei't Lawley presented to the House, accord- Birmingham ing to Order, a Bill for incorporating the Company Navigation, of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation* authorized by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilstone and Autherley, with- . the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, authorized by an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley, and for consolidate ing their Shares, and amending the said last mentioned Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

» Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Narpes are Kirkby-thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirkby-Steven High Lane Road. Head, in the County of Westmoreland, through Sed-bergh, to Grceta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from Bracken-Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby-Kendal, and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause, leading from Appleby to Kendal, in the said County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill to continue an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, under which the Trustees have acted* and by virtue of which the said Roads have been in Part repaired; and that, as the Term by the said Act granted was to have Continuance only until the End of the last Session of Parliament, Application was made in the said Session for a Bill to continue the same, but the Dissolution of Parliament prevented the passing of such Bill: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and continuing the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the acting Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head\ in the County of " Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge,

" in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from " Bracken-Bar Gate near Askrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby-Kendal, and also " the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Martlizcaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause,

" leading from Appleby to Kirkby-Kendal, in the said " County of Westmoreland," is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Trustees whose Names are there- Woodstock unto subscribed, appointed by and in pursuance of an Koads*

Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act,

" passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty, for repairing and amending the " several Roads leading from Woodstock, through " Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from ' " Enslozo

Lever's

Museum.

" Ehslm Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County " of Oxford? and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,. That considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the Roads comprised in the said Acts, in the doing of which a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Acts, together with the Tolls, have been duly expended, but the said Roads cannot be completely amended and kept in Repair, nor the Debt so contracted be discharged, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof either amended, explained, and enlarged, or reduced into One Act, with such other Provisions and Powers as may be necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition and Representation of Sir Ashton Lexer, Knight, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and Representation; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition and Representation, Mr. Thomas Waring being examined, said, That he had been Manager and Superintendant of the Collection of Natural and Artificial Curiosities belonging to Sir Ashton Lever, ever since it was brought to London, in the Year 1775 — That Sir Ashton Lever had been diligently employed for Twelve Years before that Time, in forming his Collection — That it consists of Natural Curiosities and Productions of Art, and that the various Specimens and Articles are in Number upwards of 26,000, which have been selected from more than 150,000, that have been in Sir Ashton Lexer's own Possession, exclusive of a great Number procured from Foreign Cabinets — That his Collection is the most extensive and valuable of any in England, and contains many Articles not to be found in any other — That according to his Judgment Sir Ashton Lever must have expended at least £. 40,000 in making his Collection, and that it may probably have cost him near £. 50,000 — That Sir Ashton has from Time to Time received considerable Presents of curious Things, but that the preparing those Articles for public Inspection has put him to a considerable Expence — That if the Collection shall be kept in a Place proper for its Reception, and due Care and Attention be given to it, the Articles may be preserved for Ages in their present beautiful and perfect State; and that the Expence of keeping it at Leicester House, where it now is, amounts Annually to about £. 1,200, of which £.660 is paid for House Rent and Taxes. — And being asked, How the Public are admitted to the sight of the Collection? he said, On paying a certain Sum for each Persons Admission; and that the Money collected by those Means has amounted, from the Opening of it in February 1775 to February 1784, to about the Gross Sum of £. 13,500. — And the Witnesss added,

'unit. A. 1784.

That, in his Opinion, it would be a great Loss to Sir Ashton Leoer, if he were to dispose of his Collection by the common Way of Sale.

Mr. Waring being desired to explain his Estimate of the Expence Sir Ashton Lever had been at in collecting and supporting his Museum? said. That he formed it from his Knowledge of what Money Sir Ashton has received, and what he owes, and what the Witness has Reason to suppose he has expended in his Family, together with the Witness’s Knowledge of the Expence of some of the Articles, which corroborates his Opinion. Then,

Mr, Thomas Tenant was examined, who said, That he had been upwards of Twenty Years a Collector of Subjects of Natural History, and had seen all the Cabinets of Curiosities, both public and private ones, of any Note, in Holland, France, and Portugal, and those at Brussels, Dresden, Brunswick, and Vienna, and had also seen the Spanish Cabinet while collecting in Holland — That he had never seen any Collection more rare, more curious, or more instructive, than Sir Ashton. Lexer's, nor any that can be compared with it — That it exceeds all others in the Beauty and Preservation of the numerous Articles it contains, which are better selected than any he had seen elsewhere. — And being asked, Whether he had heard of any Commissions to purchase any of the Articles in Sir Ashton Lever's Collection? he said, That an Idea being entertained Abroad, that the Collection is to be sold, he had Commissions to buy a great Number of the Articles for Private Cabinets. — And being further examined, he said, That in his Opinion this Collection is of such Value and Rarity, as to be an Object of National Attention, and worth being purchased by the Public. — And he concluded with saying, that if a Sovereign Prince was to endeavour at forming such a Collection, it could not be done in less than Twenty Years, nor ever be made so extensive and complete, there being many Specimens in this that could not be procured at any Expence; and he thinks it would be attended with great Loss to dispose of this Collection by the common Way of Sale, it being of greater Value, as it now is, than it would be if separated.

Mr. John Church being then called, informed your Committee, That he had amused himself many Years in collecting Natural Curiosities; that he had seen all the Collections of any Note in England, and that the W’hole of them put together would not form one so rare and valuable as that at Leicester House — That the Articles there are in complete Beauty and Preservation — That he had taken great Pains to form an Estimate of their Value, ascertained by the Prices he had known similar Articles sell for at public Sales, or otherwise; and that, according to his Calculation, the Value of the Whole to be sold is upwards of £.53,000, in which Valuation he includes the Cases and other Matters connected with the Articles as now exhibited — That he does not believe such another Collection could be made in a Man’s Life, and many of the Articles are so rare they could not be procured at all; and that if the same proper Care be continued to be taken of the Collection as is now, he thinks the Articles in it would preserve their Beauty for Ages. — And the Witness added, That, in his Opinion, Sir Ashton Lever & Collection is well worthy the Attention of the Public, to save it from being dispersed again, by the present Possessor’s being obliged, or being induced, to part with it to Individuals, which would be a Discredit to this Country; and that it would be a great Loss to Sir Ashton Leva' to separate the Articles, in disposing of them by the common Way of Sale.

Your Committee also examined Sir William Hamilton, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, who said, That he had seen Sir Ashton Levers Collection of Curiosities very often; and having a particular Love for Natura} History, he has had an Opportunity, in

disterent

Ecclesfield

Inclosure.

Wadsley

Inclosure.

24 Geo. III. 70 Junii. 80

different Journies to and from Naples, of seeing every Museum, both public and private, in Holland, France, Germany, Italy, and 5/c//y, and that he thinks Sir Ashton Leve?''s Collection is, in every Respect, taking it all together, the first Collection he has seen — That Sir ylshton must have been at a very great Expence in collecting it, and he thinks it is a National Object to preserve it and keep it together; and that Sir Ashton must risque a great Loss, if he should dispose of it by the common Way of Sale.

And Sir William added, That he thinks the whole Collection is above the Purchase of any private Individual; and he is of Opinion, if Sir Ashton is to part with it, he can only do it by separate Lots, in which Case it is most probable it would not fetch its real Value. Then,

Mr. Baron Dimsdale, a Member present, informed your Committee, that he has seen the Cabinets of Curiosities at Moscow and St. Petersburgh, and also those at Paris and Dresden, which are esteemed very curious and valuable; and that they are not all together to be compared with Sir Ashton Lexei''s Collection.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lexer to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor or Township of Ecclesfield\ and the several Soakes or Districts of Southey and Grennojirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and in respect thereof entitled to Right of Common upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, Township, and Districts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor or Township, and within the said several Soakes or Districts, in their present State, a^e incapable of any considerable Improvement; but that if the same, and also the Open Fields and Mesne Inclosures within the said Township, were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as may be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manors of Sheffield and TVadslcy, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and in respect thereof entitled to Right of Common upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manors of Sheffield and Wadsley, in the said Parish of Ecclesfield, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manors, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but that if the same, and also the Open Fields and Mesne Inclosures within the said Parish, were divided Vol. 40.

and allotted amongst the several Owners therebf, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as may be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Standard of Sheffield Wrought Plate within the Town of Shffield, assembled at their last Annual Meeting, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters " for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Shesfeld and Bh'jningham," and of the principal Manufacturers of Wrought Plate, and of Silver Plated Goods, within the Town of Sheffield aforesaid, and its Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read'; Setting forth, That by the said Act it is enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Assayer, or such other Person as the Wardens for the Time being shall appoint, to ask, demand, take, and receive, of and from all such Person and Persons as shall, from Time to Time, bring to the Assay Office any Piece of Wrought Plate to be assayed, tried, and marked, such Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, as they shall > think fit, so as the same do not exceed the Sum of One Shilling for every Pound Troy, and proportionably for every greater or lesser Quantity of Plate so assayed and marked, which Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, allowed to be taken for assaying Wrought Plate, are inadequate to defraying the necessary Expences of the said Assay Office; and that it is also by the said Act enacted, that if any Working Silversmith or Dealer in Wrought Plate, or any other Metal plated or covered with Silver, shall strike, or cause to be struck, any Letter or Letters upon any Vessel or other Thing made of Metal plated or covered with Silver, or upon any Metal Vessel or other Thing made to look like Silver, such Persons so offending shall forfeit the Sum of £.100; and that, upon the wording of the said Clause, Doubts have arisen whether the Manufacturers of Goods plated with Silver (without being liable to the said Penalty) can or may strike their Names upon such Goods, and, in Consequence of such Doubts, several of the Petitioners, and other Manufacturers of plated Goods, have been deterred, since the passing of the said Act, from striking their Names upon plated Goods, whereby a proper Distinction betwixt the best and worst plated Goods is prevented, and all Emulation in that Branch of Business is done away, to the certain and manifest Prejudice thereof:

And therefore praying such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombet the Earl of Surrey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Treaty with House, by His Majesty’s Command, America.

Copy of the Definitive Treaty of Peace between His Majesty and the States General of the LTnited Provinces, signed at Paris the 20th of May 1784; and Translation.

A a Together

Treaty with America.

9°

7° JuniL

A \ 1784.

Together with a last of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth; viz.

TREATY of Peace between His Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries.

In the Name of the most Holy and undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. So be it

Be it known to all those whom it shall or may in any Manner concern. The most Serene and most Potent Prince and Lord George the Third by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburgh, Arch-Treasurer and Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, Sgcf, and the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, having laid the Foundation of Peace by the Preliminary Articles, signed at Paris the 2d of September last, and His said Majesty and the said States General being desirous to complete so great and salutary a Work, have named and authorized, to wit, on the Part of His Britannic Majesty, Daniel Hailes, Esquire, His said Majesty’s Minister Plenipotentiary to his Most Christian Majesty; and on the Part of their High Mightinesses the said States General, the most Noble and most Excellent Lords Mathew Lestevenon, Lord of Berkerrroode and Strycn, Deputy to the Assembly of the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries from the Province of Holland\ and their Ambassador in Ordinary to his Majesty the Most Christian King; and Gerard Brantsen, Burgomaster and Senator of the City of Arnhem^ Councillor and Grand Master of the Mint of the Republic, Deputy to the States General of the United Provinces, and their Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to his Most Christian Majesty: Who, after having duly communicated to each other their full Powers, in good Form, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article 1.

There shall be a Christian, universal, and perpetual Peace, as well by Sea as by Land, and a sincere and constant Friendship shall be re-established between His Britannic Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Kingdoms, Dominions, and Subjects, and their High Mightinesses the said States General, and their Dominions and Subjects, of what Quality or Condition soever they be, without Exception either of Places or Persons, so that the High contracting Parlies shall give the greatest Attention to the maintaining between themselves and their said Dominions and Subjects, this reciprocal Friendship and Intercourse, without permitting hereafter, on either Part, any Kind of Hostilities to be committed, either by Sea or by Land, for any Cause or under any Pretence whatsoever: And they shall carefully avoid, for the future, every Thing which might prejudice the Union happily re-established, endeavouring, on the contrary, to procure reciprocally for each other whatever may contribute to their mutual Glory, Interests, and Advantage, without giving any Assistance or Protection, directly or indirectly, to those who would do any Injury to either of the High contracting Parties. There shall be a general Oblivion of every Thing which may have been done or committed before or since the Commencement of the War which is just ended.

Article 2.

With respect to the Honors of the Flag, and the Salute at Sea, by the Ships of the Republic towards those of His Britannic Majesty, the same Custom shall be respectively followed as was practised before the Commencement of the War which is just concluded.

Article 3.

All the Prisoners taken on either Side, as well by Land as by Sea, and the Hostages carried aw'ay or given during the War, and who have not yet been restored, conformably to the Preliminary Treaty, shall be restored as soon as possible without Ransom; each Power respectively discharging the Advances which shall have been made for the Subsistence and Maintenance of their Prisoners, by the Sovereign of the Country where they shall have been detained, according to the Receipts, attested Accounts, and other authentic Vouchers, which shall be furnished on each Side; and Sureties shall be reciprocally given for the Payment of the Debts which the Prisoners may have contracted in the Countries where they may have been detained, until their entire Release. And all Ships, as well Men of War as Merchant Ships, which may have been taken since the Expiration of the Terms agreed upon for the Cessation of Hostilities by Sea, shall likewise be restored, bond Jidc, with all their Crews and Cargoes: t And the Execution of this Article shall be proceeded upon immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

Article 4.

The States General of the United Provinces cede and guaranty, in full Right, to His Britannic Majesty, the Town of Ncgapatnam, with the Dependencies thereof; but in Consideration of the Importance which the States General of the United Provinces annex to the Possession of the aforesaid Town, the King of Great Britahiy as a Proof of His good Will towards the said States, promises, notwithstanding this Cession, to receive and treat with them for the Restitution of the said Town, in case the States shall hereafter have an Equivalent to offer him.

Article 5.

The King of Great Britain shall restore to the States General of the United Provinces Trinquemale, as also all the other Towns, Forts, Harbours, and Settlements, which, in the Course of the War, have been conquered in any Part of the World whatever by the Arms of His Britannic Majesty, or by those of the English East India Company, and of which He might be in Possession; the Whole in the Condition in which they shall be found.

Article 6.

The States General of the United Provinces promise and engage not to obstruct the Navigation of the British Subjects in the Eastern Seas.

Article 7.

Whereas Differences have arisen between the English African Company and the Dutch West India Company, relative to the Navigation on the Coasts of Africa, as also on the Subject of Cape Appollonia; for preventing all Cause of Complaint between the Subjects of the Two Nations upon those Coasts, it is agreed, that Commissaries shall be named on each Side to make suitable Arrangements on these Points.

Article 8.

All the Countries and Territories which may have been, or which may be conquered, in any Part of the World whatsoever, by the Arms of His Britannic Majesty, as well as by those of the States General, which are not included in the present Articles, neither under the Head of Cessions, nor under the Head of Restitutions, shall be restored without Difficulty, and without requiring any Compensation.

Article 9.

Whereas, by the 9th Article of the Preliminary Treaty, a Period wa3 stipulated and appointed by the 9 High

24 Geo. III. 7 0 Junii01

High contracting Parties for the Restitutions and Evacuations to be made, on each Side, of the Towns, Fortresses, and Territories which should have been conquered by their respective Arras, and of which they should be in Possession, excepting such as had been ceded; and whereas the Term specified in the aforesaid 9th Article is already expired, the High contracting Parties engage reciprocally, and bond, side, to observe the said Stipulations; and in case, by any Accident or otherwise, the Cessions and Restitutions therein comprized should not have taken place, to expedite immediately the necessary Orders, to the End that there may be no further Delay in the Accomplishment of the said Stipulations.

Article 10.

His Britannic Majesty, and their High Mightinesses the aforesaid States General, promise to observe sincerely and bond side all the Articles contained and established in this present Treaty; and they will not suffer the same to be infringed, directly or indirectly, by their respective Subjects: And the said High contracting Parties guaranty to each other, generally and reciprocally, all the Stipulations of the present Treaty.

Article 11.

The solemn Ratifications of the present Treaty, prepared in good and due Form, shall be exchanged in this City of Paris, between the High contracting Parties, in the Space of One Month, or sooner, if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty.

In Witness whereof, we the underwritten, their Ambassadors and Ministers Plenipotentiary, have signed with our Hands in their Names, and by virtue of our full Powers, the present Definitive Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Paris, the Twentieth Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

(L.S.) Daniel Hailes. (L.S.) Lestevenon Van

Berkcnroode.

(L.S.) Brant sen.

Separate Article.

It has been agreed and determined, that the French Language, made use of in all the Copies of the present Treaty, shall not form an Example which may be alledged or quoted as a Precedent, or in any Manner prejudice either of the contracting Powers, and that they shall conform for the future to what has been observed, and ought to be observed, with Regard to and on the Part of Powers, who are in the Practice and Possession of giving and receiving Copies of like Treaties in a different Language from the French; the present Treaty having nevertheless the same Force and Virtue as if the aforesaid Practice had been therein observed.

In Witness whereof, we, the underwritten Ambassadors and Ministers Plenipotentiaries of His Britannic Majesty and the States General of the United Provinces, have signed the present Separate Article, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Paris, the Twentieth Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

(L. S.) Daniel Hailes. (L. S.) Lestevenon Van

Berkcnroode.

(L.S.) Brantsen.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Oaths in Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Scotland. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Vol. 40.

upon the Bill to ascertain the Manner and Form of taking an Oath by certain Persons, Protestants of the ancitent Church of Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Maitland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Maitland reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the

Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Payments Account of the Payments for the Public Service, out of from Land the Monies arising by the Land Tax and Malt Duties, Tax &c* granted for the Service of the Year 1784.

Mr. Hunter Blair, according to Order, reported Manufac-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it toriea in was referred to consider of the Report which was Scotlai,d’ made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Janies Maxwell, of Pollock, Baronet, Robert Bogle,

Robert Craufurd, John Maxwell, and John Craig, Proprietors of the Soap Manufactory of Glasgow, and Copartners, under the Firm of Robert Craufurd and Company, Merchants in Glasgow, and of James Cor-bet, James Dunlop, George Brawn, Andrew Blackburn Colville, John Cross, Hugh JVyllie, Thomas Dunmore,

Robert Dunmore, Junior, James Sommerville, Robert Craufurd, George Kippcn, Thomas Connell, James Gem?nil, John Craufurd, James Scott, and William Semple, Proprietors of the Rope Manufactory of Glasgow, and Copartners, under the Firm of James Corbet and Company, Merchants in Glasgow, was referred; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories, and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories, called The Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

And Mr. Hunter Blair moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories, and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories, called The Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof:

And that Mr. Hunter Blair and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Election Returns, being offered to be presented to the House, Petitions, the same were delivered in at the Table.

And one of the said Petitions, complaining of the Bristol Election and Return of Matthew Brickdale, Esquire, Election, for the City of Bristol, appearing to consist of Two Pieces of Paper pinned together, on one of which Papers the Petition was written, and on the other the Petitioners Names, the same was stated by Mr. Speaker to the House; and the Member, who delivered the Petition in at the Table, having infonned the House, that upon Enquiry he had found that the Names were written on the Paper on which they appear before it was pinned to the Petition itself, and that the Petition had not been signed as required by the Orders of the House, the said Petition was directed by the House to be re-delivered to the Member who gave it in: Which was done accordingly.

J Then

92 7* Juttii.

A. 1784.

Then several others of the said Petitions, so delivered in as aforesaid, appearing to relate to Places respecting which Petitions had been jpefore presented to the House, the same were read, as follows:

Cricklade A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto sub-

Election. scribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament

for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late General Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Robert Adamson, Charles West ley Coxe, John Walker Heritage, and Robert Nicholas, Esquires, were Candidates; and that many indirect and unwarrantable Practices were made use of by the said Robert Adamson and Charles Westley Coxe, and also by other Persons in their Interests, to procure a colourable Majority for them the said Mr. Adamson, and Mr. Coxe; and that Richard Tmnsend was the Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough, and, before the Poll, did attempt, by undue and improper Influence, to prevail upon Persons, who had no Right of voting, to appear and tender their Votes in favour of Mr. Adamson and Mr. Care, promising, and giving them Reasons to believe, that he would admit them upon the Poll at all Events; and that, during the Poll, the said Richard Townsend did behave himself with marked and continued Partiality and Preference towards Mr. Adamson and Mr. Coxe, and did, illegally and arbitrarily, admit a great Number of Voters, who had no Right to vote, nor were qualified, in any Manner, to give their Votes at such Election, for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Coxe, and did wilfully and knowingly reject many Voters, who were duly qualified to vote, and who tendered their Votps in favour of the said Mr. Hcneage and Mr. Nicholas, and did, by a Variety of other undue and illegal Devices, attempt to procure a fraudulent and colourable Majority for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Care, and did, against the earnest and continued Remonstrances of Mr. Heneage and Mr. Nicholas, and their Counsel, admit, without proper and sufficient Enquiry, all Persons to vote for Mr. Adamson and Mr. Coxe, and did discourage all Enquiry into the Rights or Titles of those who tendered their Votes for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Coxe; and that, in consequence of such unwarrantable Practices, and by the partial, arbitrary, and illegal Conduct of the Returning Officer, a colourable Majority of Votes was obtained for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Care, under which the said Returning Officer has endeavoured to protect himself for the illegal Return which he has made of the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Coxe, in Violation of the Franchises -of the Petitioners and other Voters for the said Mr. Heneage and Mr. Nicholas, who had a clear Majority of legal and uncorrupted Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough, and in Subversion of the true and sacred Rights of Election, and of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 27th Day of July next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the 'Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Bridgewater A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there-

Electioa. unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater; in the County of Somerset, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, the honourable Anne Poulett, and' Alexander Hood, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, before and during the said Election, the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood were, by themselves and their Agents, guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, and did, by themselves and their Agents, endeavour, by Bribery and other corrupt and illegal Practices, to procure a great Number of the Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough to vote for them the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood; and a great Number of the said Electors were induced by Bribery, Threats, and undue Influence, to vote for the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood at the said Election, many of whom would otherwise have voted for the said Sir Gilbert Elliot; and that, after the Teste of the Writ of Summons to this present Parliament; and after the Teste of the Writ of Election for the said County, the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood did, by themselves and their Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on their Behalf, and at their Charge, before their Election, or pretended Election, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, directly and indirectly, give, present, and allow to divers Persons, having Voice or Vote in the said Election, Money, Meat,

Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and make Presents, Gilts, Rewards, and Entertainment, and make Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give and allow Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents,

Rewards, and Entertainments, to divers Persons so having Voice or Vote in the said Election, in order to be elected, and for being elected, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, by the aforesaid corrupt, illegal, and undue Means, the said Anne Pou-lett and Alexander Hood obtained a Majority of Votes at the said Election over the said Sir Gilbert Elliot, and the Returning Officer of the said Borough hath returned the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood as the Persons duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood were, by the corrupt and illegal Practices aforesaid of themselves and their Agents, disabled and incapacitated upon the said Election to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and the said Election of them the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood was void, and they ought to be deemed and taken as no Members of this Parliament, and as if they had never been returned or elected for this Parliament; and the said Election and Return of the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood were and are contrary to Law, and the Rights and Privileges of Parliament, and highly injurious to the Petitioners, and the other legal Electors of the said Borough, as well as to the said Sir Gilbert Elliot: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and declare the said Election and Return of the said Anne Poulett and Alexander Hood to be void, and grant to the Petitioners such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet. t

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 24th Day of this Instant June, at the same Time that the Petition of Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the Shire of Elgin Eigjn and and Foms, thereunto subscribing, was read; Setting Forres forth, That, at the late Election of a Commissioner to Elation, serve in the present Parliament for the Shire of Elgin and Forres, the Right honourable James Earl Fife, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Alexander Penrose Cumming, of Altyre, Esquire, were Candidates; and that

the

Hereford

Election.

24 Geo. III. 70 Junii. 93

the Petitioners conceive, and are advised, that the and Drink from the Time of the Teste of the Writ said Alexander Penrose Claiming, for whom they se- until the Election was over; and that, by the arbi-verally voted, was duly elected, and ought to have trary and partial Conduct of the Returning Officer, been returned as Commissioner for the said Shire, the and the Means used by the said Earl of Surrey, and Majority of the Freeholders present, who were qua- his Agents, to intimidate and deter the Voters from lifted and entitled by Law, having given their Votes exercising their Franchises, the said Earl of Surrey for him, but the Votes of several Persons not legally procured himself to be returned for the said City, in qualified or entitled, and who were objected to at the Violation of the just and sacred Rights and Claims Time, as not possessed of such real Freehold Estates of the Petitioners, and of the Laws concerning Elec-and Qualifications as the Law requires, and upon tions: And therefore praying the House to take the other Grounds, being admitted and given for the said Premises into Consideration, and to grant to the Pe-James Earl Fife, there was an apparent Majority in titioners such Relief therein as to the House shall his Favour, and he has been accordingly returned as seem meet.

the Commissioner elected, id Violation of the Rights Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-and Franchises of the Petitioners: And therefore sideration upon Friday the 18th Day of this Instant praying the House to take the Premises into Conside- June, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, ration, to permit them to be heard by their Counsel, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or and to grant them such Redress and Relief, by de- Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as daring the Election of the said Alexander Penrose shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Camming, or otherwise, as to the House shall seem Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- Then the Names of the Places, to which the Residue sideration upon Tuesday the 31st Day of August next, at of the said Petitions related, were put into the Glass at the same Time that the Petition of Alexander Penrose the Table, and drawn by the Clerk in the following Camming, of Altyre, Esquire, is ordered to be taken Order; viz.

into Consideration. A Petition of Henry Hastead and Richard JVan%, In- Bridport

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or habitants and Electors of Members to serve in Par- ^ecil0tL Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as liament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on of Dorset, in Behalf of themselves and others, Elec-the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. tors of the said Borough, was read; Setting forth,

That, at the last Election, the Bailiffs, who are the And One other of the said Petitions, so delivered in Returning Officers, did, with a most unjustifiable Dees aforesaid, complaining of the Election and lie- sign of giving Advantage to the Candidates in whose turn of a Member returned to serve in the present Interest they were, make Proclamation of the in Parliament for Three Places, the said Petition was tended Election on Sunday the 28th Day of March read in the First Place, as follow's: last, very late in the Evening, and held the Election

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- on the Thursday following, the 1st Day of April; and unto subscribed, having a Right, and Persons claim- that, by this Proceeding of the Returning Officers, ing a Right, to vote for Members to serve in Parlia- and by other illegal and unjustifiable Proceedings on ment for the City of Hereford, was read; Setting forth, their Part, a Majority of Votes was procured for That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Thomas Scott and Charles Sturt, Esquires, who were Parliament for the said City of Hertford, the Right accordingly returned as Members to serve in Parlia-honourable the Earl of Surrey, John Scudamore, and ment for the said Borough; and that the making Pro-Sir Richard Simmons, Baronet, were Candidates; and clamation of the intended Election on a Sunday, as that the Right of Election of Members is in the Free- aforesaid, was, as the Petitioners are advised, in itself men of the said City, and that such Persons are en- illegal, and a gross Violation of the Rights of Elec-titled to Freedom as are the eldest Sons of Freemen, tion, and was also a manifest Injury to the Petitioners Persons having served Apprenticeship of Seven Years and others, w?ho were in the Interest of the other in the said City to Freemen, Persons having married Candidates, and, the Petitioners conceive, the above the Widows of Freemen, Persons having married the illegal Proceedings of the said Returning Officers eldest Daughters of deceased Freemen, who. died render the Election of the said Thomas Scott and without leaving Issue Male, and Persons having pur- Charles Sturt totally void; and that, with respect to chased their Freedom Twelve Months before the Day the Election and Return of the said Charles Sturt, the preceding an Election of Members to serve in Par- Petitioners apprehend the same to be void on another liament; and that the Duty of Returning Officer is Ground, he having been under the Age of Twenty-one in the Mayor of the said City, for the Time being, Years at the Time of the said Election: And there-and such Mayor, at the Time of the last Election, fore praying the House to take the Premises into Con-, was James Holland, Esquire; and that many Persons, sideration, and make such Order therein as to them shall legally entitled to the Freedom, made proper Appli- seem meet.

cation to the said Mayor to be admitted previous to Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-the Time of the said Election, but he, in order to sideration upon Thursday the 21st Day of October next, deprive them of the Exercise, of that Franchise, to wriiich, at Three of the Clock in the Altemoon. by the Constitution of the said City, and the Right of Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Election, they were entitled, refused to admit them Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as to such Freedom; and that, from the Threats and shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Declarations used by the said Returning Officer Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, against the Freemen of the said City, many of the

legal Voters of the said City were intimidated from A Petition of Thomas Keating, Esquire, w>as read; Great exercising their Franchises; and that the said Earl of Setting forth. That the Petitioner, with Sir Thomas Mwloi* Surrey, and his Agents, under Pretence of paying the Rich, Baronet, and William Clayton, Esquire, were L ec lon Voters for their Expences in going from London, and Candidates at the last Election for Burgesses to repre-other Places, to vote at the said Election, gave them sent the Borough of Great Marlorw, in the County of large Sums of Money to vote for him, and thereby Bucks, in Parliament, and the said Sir Thomas Rich corrupted the said Voters, and the said Earl of Surrey and William Clayton have been returned as duly elect-opened several Public Houses for the Reception of ed; and that the said Sir Thomas Rich, Baronet, had the Voters, and constantly treated them with Meat not, at the Time of the said Election, such an Estate in Vol. 40. B b Lay

Great

Marlow

Election.

7° Junii.

A. 1784*

Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, of and the said Sir Thomas Rich, by himself and his Agents; in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as qualified was guilty of many notorious Acts of Bribery and

him to be elected and returned to serve as a Member Corruption, before and during the said Election, and for the said Borough, according to the Law in that did bribe many of the Electors who voted for him;

Behalf made and provided, and the said Sir Thomas and by Threats, Menaces, and other illegal Practices;

Rich was not capable of being elected and returned endeavoured to intimidate the Voters from voting for

to serve as a Member for the said Borough; and that the said Thomas Keating, Esquire, in Violation of the

the said Sir Thomas Rich, by himself and his Agents, Freedom of Election, and did thereby procure many was guilty of many notorious Acts of Bribery and to vote for him, who otherwise would have voted for Corruption before and during the said Election, and the said Thomas Keating', and that several of the In-did bribe many of the Electors who voted for him, habitants and Electors for the said Borough of Great and by Threats, Menaces, and other illegal Prac- Marlow, and other Persons, who acted as Agents for tices, endeavoured to intimidate the Voters from vot- the said Sir Thomas Rich, threatened, and menaced, ing for the Petitioner, in Violation of the Freedom and bribed, and attempted to bribe, great Numbers of Election, and did thereby procure many to vote of the Electors, to induce them to vote for the said

for him who otherwise would have voted for the Sir Thomas Rich, and made use of many other illegal

Petitioner; and that several of the Inhabitants and Practices, and undue Means and Influence, to intimi-Electors for the said Borough of Great Marlowy and date the Voters from voting for the said Thomas Kent-other Persons who acted as' Agents for the said Sir ing, and did thereby procure many to vote for the Thomas Rich, threatened, and menaced, and bribed, said Sir Thomas Rich, who otherwise would have voted and attempted to bribe, great Numbers of the Elec- for the said Thomas Keating; and that the said Sir tors, to induce them to vote for the said Sir Thomas Thomas Rich, by himself and his Agents, and at his Rich, and made use of many other illegal Practices, Charge, and by other Ways and Means, did, before and undue Means and Influence, to intimidate the and during the said Election, and after the Teste and Voters from voting for the Petitioner, and did there- issuing out of the Writ, give, present, and allow to by procure many to vote for the said Sir Thomas Rich the Electors, and divers Persons having or claiming who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner; a Right to vote in the said Election, Money, Meat,

and that the said Sir Thomas Rich, by himself and his Drink, Entertainment, and Provisions, and made

Agents, and at his Charge, and by other Ways and Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and Entertainments, and Means, did, before and during the said Election, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and En-after the Teste and issuing out of the Writ, give, pre- gagements, to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink,

sent, and allow to the Electors, and divers Persons Provision, Presents, Rewards, and Entertainments, to

having or claiming a Right to vote in the said Eless- and for several Persons having or claiming a Right tion, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Pro- to vote in the said Election, and to and for the said vision, and made Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and En- Borough, and to and for the Use, Advantage, Bene-tertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, Ob- fit, Profit, and Preferment, of divers Persons having ligations, and Engagements, to give or allow Money, or claiming a Right to vote in the said Election, in

Meat, Drink, Provision, Presents, Rewards, and En- order to be elected, and for being elected, to serve intertainments, to and for several Persons having or Parliament for the said Borough; and that John claiming a Right to vote in the said Election, and to Rolls and William Phillips, Petty Constables and Re-and for the said Borough, and to and for the Use, turning Officers of the said Borough, rejected a great Advantage, Benefit, Profit, and Preferment of divers many legal Votes, which were tendered for the said

Persons having or claiming a Right to vote in the Thomas Keating, and admitted a great Number of

said Election, in order to be elected, and for being Persons who w'ere not legal Electors to vote for the

elected, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; said Sir Thomas Richand that by those, and other

and that John Rolls and William Phillips, Petty Con- illegal Means, the said Sir Thomas Rich procured a stables and Returning Officers of the said Borough, Majority over the said Thomas Keating on the Poll, rejected a great many legal Votes, which were ten- but the Majority of legal Votes over the said Sir dered for the Petitioner, and admitted a great Num- Thomas Rich was in favour of the said Thomas Keating, ber of Persons, who were not legal Electors, to vote and the said Thomas Keating was duly elected, and for the said Sir Thomas Rich, and by those, and other ought to have been returned as one of the Burgesses illegal Means, the said Sir Thomas Rich procured a to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And Majority over the Petitioner on the Poll, but the Ma- therefore praying, That the House will take the Fre-jority of legal Votes over the said Sir Thomas Rich mises into their Consideration, and grant the Pe-was in favour of the Petitioner, and the Petitioner titioners such Relief therein as to the House shall was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as seem meet.

one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-said Borough: And therefore praying, That the sideration at the same Time that the last preceding House will take the Premises into their Consideration, Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or meet Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the sideration upon Tuesday the 26th Day of October next, Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Bo- A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there- Canterbury

rough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, unto subscriber], on Behalf of themselves and others, Election, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and who have the Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for a Right to vote at the Election of Burgesses to serve the City and County of the City of Canterbury, w^as in Parliament for the said Borough, on Behalf of read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of themselves and others, the Electors for the said Bo- Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and rough, was also read; Setting forth, That Thomas County of the said City, John Trotter, James IVynch,

Keating, Esquire, Sir Thomas Rich, Baronet, and Wil- Charles Robinson, and George Gipps, Esquires, were Ham Clayton, Esquire, were Candidates at the last Elec- Candidates; and that, at the said Election, Richard tion of Burgesses to represent the said Borough in Elweyn, Gentleman, the Sheriff and Returning Officer Parliament, and the said Sir Thomas Rich and William hr the said City and County of the said City, in an Clayton have been returned as duly elected; and that illegal and arbitrary Manner rejected the Votes of the

7 Petitioners,

Great

Grimsby

Election.

24 Geo. III. 70 Junii. 05

Petitioners, and erf a great many other Persons duly Qualified to vote at the said Election, without assign* ing any Reasop for so doing, and would not receive hor suffer their Votes to be entered on the Poll Book at the said Election; and that many other legal Electors, who intended to have voted at the said Election, were deterred from so doing by the said Rejection and Refusal of the Votes of the Petitioners, and others, who had, as well as the Petitioners, a Right to vote at the' said Election for any of the said Candidates, or for any other Two Persons duly qualified to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that the said Sheriff closed the Poll taken at the said Election in an undue and illegal Manner, and made no due Proclamation before he closed the same; and that, at the said Election, great Numbers of the Electors, by Bribery and other corrupt and illegal Practices, were induced to vote for the said Charles Robinson and George Gipps, and, by the said arbitrary and illegal Conduct of the said Sheriff, a colourable Majority w'as obtained on the said Poll in favour of the said Charles Robinson and George Gipps; and that the said Charles Robinson and George Gipps were not, at the Time of the said Election, duly qualified to be returned to serve in Parliament for the said City; and that the said Charles Robinson and George Gipps have been returned as the Members duly elected for the said City, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and others, the Electors of the said City* and in open Defiance of the Law requiring fair and free Elections: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and deiclare the said Election and Return of the said Charles Robinson and George Gipps to be void, and grant to the Petitioners such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken Into Consideration upon Thursday the 28th Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Peter Birt, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, the Petitioner, and Dudley Long, Esquire, and John Harrison, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said John Harrison w as, by himself and his Agents, before and during the said Election, guilty of Bribery, and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, and did, by himself and his Agents, make use of Threats, Violence, Bribery, corrupt Promises, and undue Influence, in order to induce the Electors of the said Borough to vote for him at the said Election; and a great Number of the said Electors were, by Threats, Violence, Bribery, corrupt Promises, and other undue and illegal Means, actually induced to vote for the said John Harrison at the said Election, many of whom would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner, and not for the said John Harrison; and that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes over the said John Harrison at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, but the Mayor, who is the Returning Officer for the said Borough, was induced, by the Menaces of the said John Harrison, and his Agents, or by other undue Motives, to admit on the Poll, taken at the said Election, a great Number of illegal Votes, in favour of the said John Harrison, and to reject divers legal Votes, which were tendered at the said Election for the Petitioner, whereby a colourable Majority was obtained on the said Poll, in favour of the said John Hatrison, over the Petitioner, and the said John Harrison hath been duly returned as one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Vol. 40.

to the great Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 2d Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant; or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records; as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir Godfrey ' Webster, Baronet, and Hasting# Stephen Lushington, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, Election' That, at the last Election of Two Barons to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, the Petitioners, and John Stanley;

Esquire, and John Dawes, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Town and Port of Hastings behaved himself with great Partiality in Favour of the said John Stanley and John.

Dawes, by rejecting the Votes of a great many Persons who had an undoubted Right of voting at the! said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and by admitting on the Poll for the said John Stanley and John Dawes the Votes of several Persons who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and ought to have been rejected, and thereby a Majority of Votes w’as improperly received on the Poll for the said John Stanley and John Dawes, and they have been returned as the Two Persons duly elected* whereas the Petitioners were -duly elected, and ought to have been returned as the Two Persons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Town and Port of Hastings: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant to the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 4th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of George Augustus Selroyn, Esquire, was Dumfries, read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a &c- Election. Commissioner or Burgess to serve in the present Parliament for* the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Arman,

Lochmaben, and Kirkcudbright, held at Sanquhar upon the 26th Day of April last, Mr. John M" Mur do, as Delegate for the Burgh of Dumfries, gave his Vote for Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, to be the Commissioner or Burgess, and Mr. Robert Maxwell, as Delegate for the Burgh of Lochmaben, gave his Vote in the same Way for Sir James Johnstone, Mr. Anderson, as Delegate for the Burgh of Annan, voted for Sir Robert Herries,

Knight, to be the Commissioner or Burgess, Mr. Robert Beveridge, as Delegate for the Burgh of Kirkcudbright, voted for Alexander Fergusson, Esquire, to be the Commissioner or Burgess, and Mr. Robert Whig-gam, Delegate for the Burgh of Sanquhar, gave his Vote for the Petitioner, to be the Commissioner or Burgess; and that, the Burgh of Sanquhar being the presiding or returning Burgh, the said Robert Whig-gam, Delegate thereof, did likewise claim the casting Vote, if in any Event it should be found that there w as an Equality of legal Votes, and accordingly gave his casting Vote for the Petitioner; and that the Election of the said John M'Murdo, to be Delegate for the Burgh of Dumfries, was brought about by undue and illegal Means, and corrupt Practices, and the Election of the said Robert Maxwell, to be Delegate for the Burgh of Lochmaben, was also

brought

9 7° 3

brought about by undue Means, and Corrupt and illegal Practices, and therefore the Votes given by the said John M" Mur do and Robert Marvell, for the said Sir James Johnstone, in the Election of the Commissioner or Burgess to serve in Parliament, were illegal and void; and that the said Sir James John* stone was ineligible, in respect that he and his Agents used undue Means in the Election of the Delegates, and of the Commissioner or Burgess, and, by such Means, and other corrupt and illegal Practices on his Part, the said Elections were obtained, and he? as . having the Majority in the Votes of the Delegates, has been returned as" the Commissioner or Burgess duly elected to represent the said District of Burghs, whereas the Votes given for him ought to have been disregarded, for the Reasons herein above stated; and the Petitioner, as having the legal Majority in consequence of the Vote of the Delegate for Sanquhar, and the casting Vote being given for him, was duly elected, and ought, as he conceives and is advised, to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, to allow him to be heard by his Counsel, and to grant such Relief as the Case requires, and to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 9th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Henry Southcote, Esquire, was Hardness read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election for Election. Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, Arthur Holdsworth, Esquire, Richard Hopkins, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that Robert Newman, Esquire, who acted as Returning Officer of the said Borough, was decidedly in the Interest of the said Arthur Holdsxvorth and Richard Hopkins, Esquires, and acted very partially and unwarrantably in rejecting the Votes of divers Persons who had a Right to vote, and offered to vote for the Petitioner, and also in illegally and suddenly closing the Poll before all the Persons who intended to vote for the Petitioner, and were in the Town Hall for that Purpose, could tender their Votes for him; and that, by these and other illegal Means, the said Arthur Holdszeorth and Richard Hopkins, Esquires, had a colourable Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and were retunied as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the Petitioner would have had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, if the said Robert Newman had not illegally rejected the Votes of the several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and prevented several others from tendering their Votes for him by so illegally and suddenly closing the said Poll: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken# into Consideration upon Thursday the 11th Day of November n^xt, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Heal ing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Carnarvon A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Election. - thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses of the Borough of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon, and its Contributary Boroughs, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said

'unit. A, 1784.

Borough of Cai'ntirvon, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last General Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Car-nan'on, which, came on the 9th Day of April last, the Right honourable Sir Thomas Wynn, Baronet, Baron Newborough of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Glynn Wynn, Esquire, were declared Candidates, and a Poll was demanded in Favour of the said Lord Newborough, then and now Abroad out of this Realm; and that, by Means of various illegal and corrupt Practices, committed by the said Glynn Wynn and his Agents, he the said Glynn Wynn procured himself to be returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and particularly the said Glynn Wynn, before and during the said Election, was, by himself and by his Agents, guilty of bribing divers of the Burgesses of the said Boroughs, in order to influence them to give *their Votes at the said Election, and did, by himself and by his Agents, after the Teste of the Writ or Precept for holding the said Election, and before and during the Poll taken at the same Election, directly and indirectly give; present, and furnish, to a very great Number of Persons having Voice in the said Election, divers Sums of Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provisions, and also by Promises and Undertakings to give and allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Rewards, and Entertainments, to a great many Persons so having Voice at the said Election, in order to be elected, and for being elected, a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the pretended Mayor, and the Two pretended Bailiffs, of the said Borough of Carnaj'von, who assumed and arrogated to themselves the Character, and the Power, and Authority, of Returning Officers for the said Borough at the

# O O

said Election, had not, nor had any or either of them, any legal Power or Authority to act as such on that Occasion, inasmuch as they, nor any or either of them, were duly elected or appointed to such Offices respectively, in such Manner as is by Law required, so as to enable them to make a Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, or to do any other Corporate or Official Act whatsoever; and that the said pretended Mayor and Bailiffs, so having assumed to themselves such Power and Authority, were afterwards guilty of the most illegal Partiality during the said Election, by admitting Persons to vote for the said Glynn Wynn w*ho had no legal Right to vote, and by rejecting the Votes of other Persons who had severally a good and legal Right to vote, and who offered and tendered themselves at the Poll to vote for the said Lord Newborough; and that the said Mayor, or pretended Mayor, to whom the Custody of the Books and Records of the said Borough of Carnarvon belongs, at the Instance of the said Glynn Wynn, his Attornies, Solicitors, and Agents, kept back and concealed several of the Books and Records belonging to the said Borough of Carnarvon, although he was frequently called upon and requested to produce the same to the Electors and the Agents of the said Lord Nrwborough, as well before as during the said Election, and the said Mayor, or pretended Mayor, caused or suffered other of the said Books and Records to be altered and mutilated, thereby leaving out the Names of very many Persons wfoo were and are legal Burgesses of the said Borough of Carnarvon, and who had severally served and exercised the said Office of Burgess, and other Corporate Offices, within the said Borough, for a great Number of Years preceding the said Election, and who would have voted, and many of whom offered and tendered their Votes, for the said Lord New* borough, and which the said pretended Returning Officers arbitrarily refused to admit on the Poll, although their flight to vote at the said Election was notorious, and well known to the said pretended Returning Officers,

24 Geo. III.

7° Jiin

97

Officers, and although all the said Burgesses, who so offered their Voices for the said Lord Newborough, had been legally elected, sworn, admitted, and inrolled Burgesses of the said. Borough, and although several of them had been so elected, sworn, admitted, and inrolled, with the Knowledge, and in the Presence, of the said pretended Mayor and Bailiffs, or of some or one of them, and who had not, nor had any of such Burgesses, surrendered, or in any Manner forfeited, such their Franchises; and that the Town Clerk of the Borough of Pwllheli, one of the said Contributary Boroughs, or the Person acting as such, and who had the Custody of the Books ana Records of that Borough, and who was in the Interest of the said Glynn Wynn, and acted as his Agent at the said Election, conducted himself in a most arbitrary, unjust, and illegal Manner, previous to and at the said Election, in refusing the Inspection of the said Books and Records, and giving Copies of the same when duly required, as by Law he ought to have done, and in refusing to enter on Stamp the Names of divers of the Burgesses of that Contributary Borough w*ho were in the Interest of the said I/>rd Newborough, and who, or many of whom, tendered their Voles in his Favour, although due Application had been made for such Purposes; and that a great Number of Persons were admitted to poll at the said Election for the said Glynn Wynn, as Burgesses of the said Contributary Borough of Pwllheli, w ho had no Right to vote, and others who had a legal Right to vote for the same, and who offered to vote for the said Lord Newborough, were rejected by the said pretended Returning Officers at the said Election; and that the said Glynn Wynn, together with the said Mayor, or pretended Mayor, of Carnarvon (who was, at and previous to the said Election, greatly in the Interest of the said Glynn Wynn) a long Time before, that is to say, One Year before the said Election, applied themselves severally to the said Recorder, or Town Clerk, of the Borough of Nefn, another of the said Contributary Boroughs, to give up and deliver to them, or One of them, the Books, Records, and Papers, belonging to the said last mentioned Contributary Borough, and the same were accordingly delivered to them, at different Times, by the said Recorder or Town Clerk, and the said Glynn Wynn, and the said Mayor, or pretended Mayor, kept the same in their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of One of them, up to the Time of, and until the said Election had been proceeded in, and have kept the Possession thereof ever since, in order to prevent the Agents of the said Lord Newborough, and the said Electors, from obtaining the Inspection and Copies of the same Records, from the said Officer, as by Law they were entitled to; and that the said last mentioned Recorder, or Town Clerk, alleged, when Application was made to him for the Purposes aforesaid, that he could not comply therewith, for that the said Glynn Wynn, and the said Mayor, or pretended Mayor, had got the said Books and Records out of his Custody, and that they would not restore the same to him again; and the said Mayor, or pretended Mayor, as well as the said Glynn Wynn, refused the Agents of the said Lord Newborough, and the said Electors, the Inspection of the same, or to grant Copies thereof, or any of them, although duly applied to for that Purpose, whereby the Agents of the said Lord Newborough could not, nor could the Petitioners, or the said Electors, obtain that Information and Satisfaction respecting the Premises, or avail themselves thereof in such Manner as they were by Law entitled to; and that by the Means aforesaid, and other illegal and undue Means, a colourable Majority, on the Poll, was obtained in favour of the said Glynn Wynn, who has been unduly returned by the said pretended Mayor and Bailiffs as duly elected to Vol. 40.

serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Carnarvon, and its Contributary Boroughs, whereas the said Lord Newborough ought to have been returned at the said Election, to represent the same, instead of the said Glynn Wynn, who w as and is, by Reason of the Premises, incapable of sitting in Parliament for the said Borough, upon the said Election; and that, by the aforesaid corrupt and illegal Practices, the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners and the other Electors for the said Borough of Carnarvon, and its Contributary Boroughs, have been grossly and manifestly violated, and the Petitioners, and the said Electors, have been greatly injured: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief, and to adopt such other salutary Measures for vindicating the Rights and Privileges of Electors against such Practices, and the arbitrary, partial, illegal, and unjust Conduct of Returning Officers, and others, whom it may concern, as the Nature of this Case shall in the Judgment of the House require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 16th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Sir John Henderson, Baronet, was Fife Election, read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election for the County of Fife, Lieutenant General Robert Skene and the Petitioner were the only Candidates; and that General Skene was returned as having a Majority of Electors in his Favour, but the Petitioner is advised that the Votes given for General Skene are to be considered as thrown away, inasmuch as the Office of Inspector of Military Roads in Scotland, though no longer in General Skene's own Name, as formerly, yet is still held by his Brother Captain David Skene, in Trust for, or for the Benefit of, General Skene, which Office was adjudged on a former Occasion to be a new Office created since the 25th Day of October 1705, and as such by the Act of the Sixth of Queen Anne, rendering any Person, for whose Benefit it is held, ineligible to serve in Parliament; and that, at the Meeting for Election, the Petitioner, before the Vote was put for the Choice of Member of Parliament, did publicly apprize the Freeholders, that General Skene was ineligible for the Reasons stated above, and did also enter a Protest in the Minutes of Election, that the Votes given for General Skene should be held to be of no Avail, and that the Petitioner should be held to be duly elected, and should be returned accordingly: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 18th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Then several other Petitions relating to Places respecting which Petitions had been before presented to the House, were delivered in at the Table, and read as follows:

A Petition of Sir Robert Herries, Knight, was Dumfries, read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a &c. Election. Representative to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, Annan, Loch-maben, and Sanquhar, Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Sir James Johnstone has been returned as duly elected,

C c notwithstanding

Bayerfacho

SUatebfblJototlc

l Manchen

9

Hindon

Election*

Honiton

Election.

£8 fJunii. A. 1784.

notwithstanding he was disqualified and ineligible, and unqualified Persons were brought to vote, and whose his Election and Return was brought about by Per- Votes were actually received on the Poll for them, sons not entitled to vote, and by Bribery and Cor- notwithstanding repeated Remonstrances were made, ruption, and by other undue and unconstitutional on the Part of the Petitioner, to the contrary; and Means and Influence; and that, at the said Election, that the Votes of many Persons were admitted on the the Petitioner had the Majority of fair, legal, and Poll for the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Col-constitutional Votes, was duly elected, and ought to tier who had no Right to vote, being Paupers, main-bave been returned the Representative to serve in Par- tained at the Expence of the Parish, and others who Uament for the said District of Burghs: And therefore had been Receivers of charitable Donations within a praying the House to take the Premises into their Con- short Time preceding the Election, and many Per-sideration, and that he may have such Relief as to the sons, having a Right to vote, tendered their Votes House shall seem meet. for the Petitioner, and were rejected by the Returning

t Ordered’ That the said Petition be taken into Consi- Officer; and that, by such and other illegal and cor-deration upon Tuesday the 9th Day of November next, rupt Means, the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George *t the same Time that the Petition of George Augustus Collier procured themselves to be returned Members Sekwyn, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Conside- for the said Borough, although the Petitioner had a ration. Majority of legal Votes, in direct Opposition to the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Rights of Election, and the Injury of the Petitioner, Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as who ought to have been returned for the said Borough: shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the And therefore praying the House to take the Premises Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as

to the House shall seem just.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands and Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

Names are thereunto subscribed, who have respectively sideration upon Tuesday the 19th Day of October next, a Right to vbte for Burgesses to serve in Parliament at the same Time that the Petition of the Persons whose for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members was read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough the County of Devon, is ordered to be taken into of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, which came on Consideration.

the 2d Day of April last past, Edward Cotsford, . Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Esquire, was a Candidate, and a Poll was demanded Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as

to be taken in his Favour, he being present at the shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on

said Election, and, at the 'said Election, William Eger- the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Esquire, and Edward Bearcroft, Esquire, were also Candidates, and a Poll was also demanded to be A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Lancaster taken in their Favour, they being also present at the thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough Election, said Election; and that, at the said Election, the Pe- of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, titioners, having a legal Right to vote, severally ten- ^nd having a Right to vote for Members to serve in dered themselves at the said Poll to vote for the said Parliament for the said Borough, was read; Setting Edward Cotsfoi'd, and were rejected by the Returning forth, That, at the last General Elecdon of Members Officer, in Violation of the Right and Freedom of to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, John Election, and to the manifest Prejudice and Injury Lowther, Esquire, Francis Reynolds, Esquire, and of the Petitioners, they being respectively deprived of Abram Rawlinson, Esquire, were Candidates; and that their legal Franchises thereby: And therefore praying the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, after the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the and to grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem issuing of the Writ for the Election, and previous to meet and during the Poll, by themselves and their Agents*

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consi- and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf and at deration upon Thursday the 23d Day of September next, the Charge of tjje said Francis Reynolds. and Abram at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons Rawlinson, did give, present, and allow, and did propose Hands and Names are thereunto subscribed, mise, agree, and engage to give, present, and allow.

Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Bo- to Electors of the said Borough, and to several Per-rough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of sons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in themselves and other Voters in the said Borough, is ordered the Election for the said Borough, Meat, Drink, to be taken into Consideration. Jleward, Entertainment, and Provision, and the said *

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson did give, pre-Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as sent, and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the to give, present, and allow, to Electors of the said Bo-Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. rough, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to

have, \l Right to vote in the Election for the said Bo-A Petition of John Bailey, Esquire, was read; Set- rough, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and ting forth, That, at the last General Election of Bur- Provision as aforesaid, in order to procure themselves gesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honi- to be elected for the said Borough; and that the said ton, in the County of Devon, Sir George Yonge, Baronet, Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, previous to Sir George Collier, and the Petitioner, were Candi- and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and dates; and that the said Sir George Yonge and Sir Corruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt George Collier, by themselves and Agents, were se- those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in verally guilty of gross Bribery and Corruption, by order to procure themselves to be returned as duly giving and promising the Voters of the said Borough, elected, and by the said and other undue, illegal,

Money, and other Rewards for their Votes, and par- and unwarrantable Means, the said Francis Reynolds ticularly, that the said Sir George Collier, previous to and Abram Rawlinson obtained a Majority on the Poll, the Election, deposited Money in the Hands of his and were returned accordingly, to the great Preju-Agents to corrupt the Votes, and which Money was (dice of the Petitioners and other Electors of the said applied for that Purpose accordingly; and that, by Borough, who voted for the said John Lowther, and the undue Influence the said Sir George Yonge and Sir in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Electrode Collier had over the Returning Officer, many tion; and that the Mayor and Low Bailiff Two of

24 Geo. III. 7° Jm 99

the Returning Officers of the said Borough, behaved with great Partiality at the said Election, in favour of the said Francis Reynolds, and Abram Rawlinson, and admitted many Persons to vote for the said Frdncis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinsoti who had no Right to vote?, and refused to admit to poll others who had a good Right to vote, or were in the same Situation with those whom they allowed to vote for the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rctwlinson, and who offered their Votes for the said John Lozvther, and the said Mayor and Low Bailiff were otherwise ' guilty of the most gross Partiality; and that, on a Scrutiny being duly demanded when the polling was over, on the 26th Day of April last,* in Behalf of the Said John LcnMhcr, the Petitioners, and other Electors of the said Borough (which Scrutiny, as the Petitioners contend, would have clearly shewn, that the said John Lowther had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned) the said Returning Officers peremptorily refused to grant the same, without giving any substantial Reasons for their so doing, notwithstanding the y had admitted several Voters on the Poll with Queries, in order to re-consider and determine on the Legality of such Votes at some subsequent Time before the Return should be made, notwithstanding the re was sufficient Time to have gone through and finished the said Scrutiny before the Precept and Writ of Election were returnable; and that the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, and the said Mayor and Low Bailiff, were guilty of those and divers other illegal and corrupt Practices at and before the said Election, to the great Prejudice of the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief ds to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 3d Day of August next, at the satne Time that the Petition of John Lowther, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Buford A Petition of certain Freeholders of the County of

Election. Bedford, was offered to be presented to the House;

Stating, That the Names of certain Persons, Electors for the said County, who in Fact had given their Votes for the Earl of Upper Ossory and the honourable St. Andrew St. John, Two of the Candidates at the late Election for the said County, were, by Mistake, taken down on the Poll as having voted for Lord Ongley; and stating other Matters in favour of the Return of the said Mr. St. John, One of the Sitting Members for the said County; and praying to be heard in support of the Allegations of the ’ said Petition, before the Committee who should be appointed to try end determine the Merits of the Petition of the said Lord Ongley, which was presented to the House on the 25th Day . of May last, and then ordered to be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 22d Day of this Instant June.

And a Doubt arising in the House, whether the said Petition of the said Freeholders, not complaining Of an undue Election or Return, ought to be received by the House without a Question being first put for the bringing up the same; or ought to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to be appointed to try and determine the merits of the said Lord Ongley s Petition, under the Provisions of the Act passed in the idth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;

The House was moved, That the several Entries Vol. 40.

in the Journal of the House, of the lStharod 21st Days of November 1768, and the 9th Day of March 1769, in relation to the proceedings of the House on the several Petitions respecting the Election and Return for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, might be read.

And the same w’ere read accordingly.

And the Offering of the said Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Bedfwd was not per-, sisted in.

A Petition of John Sinclair, Esquire, wras delivered Kirkwall in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, since Election* the Petitioner complained to the House of the Election of the Right honourable Charles James Fox for the Borough of Kirkwall, and others, in Scotland\ the Petitioner finds that the said Election took Place in consequence of certain corrupt Agreements, and other illegal Practices, by the Friends and Agents of the said Charles James Fox, of which he was uninformed when the former Petition was presented: And therefore trusts,

That the House will take the same into Consideration at the same Time with the Matters contained in th£ former Petition, and to find that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned Member for the said District of Boroughs.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 15th Day of July next, at the same Time that the Petition of John Sinclair,

Esquire, of Ulbster, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, ks shall be thought necessary by thfe several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the honourable Thomas Ershine and Truro Roger Wilbrahatn, Esquires, was delivered in at the Elect100* Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, the

Petitioners, and William Macormack, and....

Boscawen, Esquires, were Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and, the said William Macormack and ..... Boscazven were, by themselves and their Agents, guilty of Bribery and other corrupt Practices; and that the Poll was taken before the Mayor of the said Borough, the Returning Officer, who, in Breach of the Oath, admitted many Persons to poll for the said William Macormack and

.Boscazven, who had no Right to give their

Votes at the said Election, and by these, and other illegal Practices, a Majority of Votes appeared upon the Poll in favour of the said William Macormack and

.....Boscazven, who have been illegally returned

Members to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough of Truro: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and give such Relief as the Circumstances of the Case require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 23d Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Thnes on

which

100

7 ° Junii. H. 1784.

which the said several Petitions were ordered to and that, during the said Election, the said Matthew be taken into Consideration. Brickdale and George Daubeny, and their Agents, and

sundry other Persons retained and employed by them,

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House used and practised divers corrupt, illegal, and undue

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means to procure a Number of Persons to be ad-

to consider further of the Supply granted to His mitted to the Freedom of the said City, and to vote Majesty; at the said Election for the said Matthew Brickdale

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday and George Daubeny, who were not, either by Law,

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Courtesy, or the Constitutions of the said City, entitled thereto; and that, during the said Election, the Prevention of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to said Matthew Brickdale and George Daubeny, and their

Smuggling, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Agents, and sundry other Persons retained and em-

consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clan- ployed by them, used and practised divers corrupt, destine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, illegal, and undue Means to prevent a Number of and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties; Persons from being admitted to the Freedom of the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday said City, who intended to vote at the said Election Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. for the said Henry Cruger and Samuel Peach, and whom

the said Matthew Brickdale and George Daubeny, and Way* and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to their Agents, and the several other Persons retained

Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and employed by them, well knew were, by the Law,

consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Courtesy, and Constitutions of the said City, entitled granted to His Majesty; to be admitted to the Freedom thereof, and to vote at

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday the said Election; and that by Means of Bribery, and Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. the corrupt and illegal Practices above mentioned and

alluded to, the said Matthew Brickdale procured him-Westmimter The Order of the Day being read, for the further self to be returned one of the Representatives in Par-Election. Hearing of Counsel upon the Matter of the Petition of liament vfor the City of Bristol', in Subversion of the the Right- honourable Charles James Fox, relating to Freedom of Election, and to the great Prejudice of the late Election for the City of Westminster and to the the Petitioners and the rest of the independent Elec-Return, or Answer, of the Bailiff of the said City, to the tors: And therefore praying, That the House will Precept of the Sheriff of Middlesex; refer the Matter of this Petition to be heard at the

The Counsel for Mr. Fox; and also, the Counsel for same Time with the Petition of the said George Dau-the several Inhabitants, Householders, and Electors of beny, complaining of the Incapacity and undue Ekc-the City and Liberty of Westminster, who petitioned tion and Return of the said Hairy Cruger, and that this House upon Monday last; and likewise the Counsel the said Election and Return of the said Matthew for the said Bailiff, were called in Brickdale may be declared null and void, having been

And the Counsel for the said Bailiff proceeded, and effected in Manner and under the Circumstances herein-examined several other Witnesses, and closed their before stated, and that the Petitioners may have such Evidence. further and other Relief in the Premises as shall be

Then Mr. Speaker having informed the other of the agreeable to Law, and the Rules and Orders of the Counsel for the said Bailiff, that he might now proceed House.

to offer his Observations upon the Evidence; And a Motion being made, and the Question being

One of the Counsel for Mr. Fox desired of the proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consider-

House that he might have Liberty to call a Witness, ation upon Tuesday the 14th Day of September next, in order to prove that the High Bailiff had disclaimed at the same Time that the Petition of George Daubeny, his intending to grant a Scrutiny on the Foundation of Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration; the Lists of bad Votes which had been shewn to An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

him. Question, by leaving out from the Word "upon" to

And the House having given Permission accord- the End of the Question, and inserting the Words

ingly; " Thursday the 25th Day of November next, at Three

The said Witness was called in, and examined in " of the Clock in the Afternoon" instead thereof,

relation thereto. And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of

And then he was directed to withdraw. the House, withdrawn.

Then One of the Counsel for the said Bailiff was heard Then the main Question being put;

to observe upon the Evidence. Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

And then the Counsel was directed to withdraw. sideration upon 'Tuesday the 14th Day of September next,

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon at the same Time that the Petition of George Daubeny,

the Matter of the said Petition of the Right honourable Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Charles James Fox be adjourned for Ten Minutes. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Bristol A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are shall Be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the

Election. thereunto subscribed, being respectively Freemen of Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, the City of Bristol, having a Right to vote at the

Elections of Citizens to represent the said City in A Petition of the honourable Lewis Thomas Wat- Scaford Parliament, was delivered in at the Table, and read; son, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting Electioa* Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Citizens forth, That, at the late Election of Members to serve to represent the said City in Parliament, Matthew in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in Brickdale, Esquire, and George Daubeny, Esquire, were the County of Sussex, the Petitioner, the honourable Joint Candidates, and Henry Cruger, Esquire, and Henry Neville, Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, and Thomas Samuel Peach, Esquire, were also Candidates, and the Alves, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Robert said Matthew Brickdale and Henry Cruger, having the Stone, Esquire, who was Bailiff and Returning Officer Majority of Votes upon the Poll, were returned by at the said Election, on the 30th Day of March last, the Sheriffs; and that, during the said Election, the said proceeded to the Election of Two Barons to serve Matthew Brickdale and George Daubeny, being Joint in this present Parliament for the said Town and Candidates as aforesaid, were, by their Agents, guilty Port, without giving Four Days Notice of the Day of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices; appointed for such Election, as by the Statute made

0

4 Geo. III.

7® — 8® Junii.

ioi

Seaford

Election.

WeetminsttP

Election.

in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wrnum the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating Elections of Mernbers to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other " Officers, in the electing and returning such Mem-u bers," he is required; and that, at such Election, the said Henry Neville and Sir Peter Parker were returned duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, and the Petitioner is advised, and conceives, that by reason the said Returning Officer proceeded to such Election without giving Four Days Notice of the Day appointed for such Election, the same, and the Return made thereon, are null and void: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief therein, as to them shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 25th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, the honourable Lewis Thomas Watson, the honourable Henry Neville, Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, and Thomas Alves, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Robert Stone, Esquire, who was Bailiff and Returning Officer at the said Election, on the 30th Day of March last proceeded to the Election of Two Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port, without giving Four Days Notice of the Day appointed for such Election, as by the Statute, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the u further regulating Elections of Members to serve " in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular c< Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the <c electing and returning such Members," he is required; and that, at such Election, the said Hemy Neville and Sir Peter Parker were returned duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, and the Petitioners are advised, and conceive, that, by reason the said Returning Officer proceeded to such Election without giving Four Days Notice of the Day appointed for such Election, the same, and the Return made thereon, are null and void: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Memwandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Matter of the Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox, relating to the late Election for the City of Westminster,

Vol. 40.

and to the Return or Answer of the Bailiff of the said City to the Precept of the Sheriff of Middlesex.

And the Counsel were again called in.

And the said Bailiff having requested, by his Counsel, that he might be heard at the Bar, in Justification of his Conduct;

The said Bailiff was called in, and heard accordingly.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the Counsel were also directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the High Bailiff be again called in, and that Mr. Speaker do ask of him, Whether he has any Objection to deliver in at the Table the Paper which he has now read at the Bar, in Justification of his Conduct;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

And One of the Counsel for Mr. Fox was heard, by Way of Reply.

And then the Counsel were again directed to withdraw'.

And the House having continued to sit till after Two of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox; and also, the Matter of the several other Petitions relating to the late Election for the City of Westminster, and to the Return, or Answer, of the Bailiff of the said City, to the Precept of the Sheriff of Middlesex, be taken into further Consideration this Day.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Thomas Corbett, Esquire, Bailiff of the Persons to Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate aUend' Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, do attend this House this Day.

Ordered, That Mr.....Grqjan, Deputy to the

Bailiff' of the City of Westminster, do attend this House at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, 8* die Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration P®nt«fract the Petition of the honourable William Cockayne; E ection* and John Walsh, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses, Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves, and divers other Burgesses, Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine' the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Forty-nine Members being found to be present;

D d The

lo^ 8° yunii. A. 1784.

Languor

Inclosure.

Manufactories in Scotland.

The douhisel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of tije House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Conside-> ration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were,

' by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn; who were hot objected to.

Note, That in the Coui-se of drawing the said Names, the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioners named the Lord Mulgrave, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members named the Right honourable William Wyndham Grenville, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Longnor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing. Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee -(except the Owner of an Estate assessed to the Land Tax, at 5 6 Id. per Annum, who

refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at 1 s.9 £ d.per who could

not be met with; and that the Whole of the Estates, interested in the Inclosure, are assessed at £. 25. 1 s. 8 per Annuth; and that no Person appeared before the

Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he Ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories, and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories, called The Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Rous presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds Wool-and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the com4*»g-Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hunter Blair reported from the Committee, to Corn im-whom the Petition of Messieurs Allan, Steuart, and ported into Co. Charles and Robei't Fall, Sir William Forbes, Sco 80 James Hunter, and Co. Samuel Anderson, James

and Co. John Chalmers, and Co. Beadie, Scougal and Ogilvie, Adam Keir, John Thomson, James Thomson,

Martin and Kerr, Robert Hart, George Hall, Whitiet Pullar and Hutton, James and John Stein, and Joseph Lamb, William Batson, and Co. was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: WThere the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition is as follows:

It appeared, by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, that the Importation of Corn, upon Payment of the Low Duties, was allowed for a certain limited Time.

And, by the Evidence of Mr. George Chambers, it appeared to your Committee, that in the Scarcity occasioned by the Failure of the Crop in the Year 1782, the Petitioners (being Merchants) imported sundry large Cargoes of Corn from The Baltic, for the Relief of Scotland and Newcastle, in procuring Which they risked a considerable Sum of Money — That in order to have entitled the Merchants to the Benefit of entering the said Com, upon Payment of the Low Duties, the same should have arrived before the 25th of September 1783, but the Ships were detained beyond that Time by a most uncommon long Duration of stormy Weather and contrary Winds — That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances of the Case, the Lords of the Treasury, upon Application made to them, authorized the Commissioners of the Customs, in England and Scotland, to admit the Vessels to an Entry upon Payment of the Low Duties, Bonds being given for the Payment of the High Duties, until Application should be made to Parliament for Relief; and that Bonds were given accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs, in England and Scotland, to cancel Bonds given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned: And that Mr. Hunter Blair and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Penruddocke presented to the House, according Sheppard'* to Order, a Bill for completing, and keeping in Re- Shord pair; the Highways between Sheppard’s Shord and Road*-The Devizes, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of Urshfont, to Rated Ford, in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone, in the said County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Maitland presented to the House, ac- Insolvent cording to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

2 Ordered,

24 Ge6. III. 8° Jutm. to$

Ordered, That the said Bill be read £i Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant June.

Shrewsbury Mr. TVillidm Pulteney repotted from the Committee#

Poor. to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, assessed towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Chad, Saint Mary, Saint Alkmand, Saint Julian, The Holy Cross, and Saint Giles and Meole Brace, otherwise Biace Meole, in the County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter' of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, jVII-Ham Smithy Esquire, being examined, said, That the Poor of the several Parishes within the said Town and Liberties are very numerous, and are supported at a great Expence — Hi at if proper Powers were given for providing a convenient Place for their Reception, and for their being orderly and well governed therein, it would not only tend to the more effectual Relief of such as by Age or other Infirmities are rendered incapable of supporting themselves, but to the better Employment of the able and industrious.

And the Witness further said, That if Provision was made for allowing Contracts to be entered into for the Maintenance of the Poor, belonging to any of the other Parishes within the County, in such Place of Reception, it would be an Ease and Advantage to such parishes as may be willing to make such Contracts, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury^ and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. William Pulteney, Sir Charlton Leigh tan, and Sir Richard Hilly do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Scotland — A Petition of John Bitshby, Sherriff Clerk of the

hfsof Shire of Dumfries, on Behalf of himself and the rest emffs, &c. of Sherriffs and Stewarts Clerks in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act 4‘ for taking away and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors "thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the €i Crown, and for making more effectual Provision " for the Administration of Justice throughout that " Part of the United Kingdom by the Kings Courts " and Judges there, and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents in the Law " in Scotland to take the Oaths, and for rendering the " Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete," Power was given to the Court of Session to regulate the Fees to be paid to the Clerks or other Officers officiating in the Circuit Courts, or in the Courts of Sherriffs or Stewarts, in Civil Causes, and such Regulations were by the said Act directed to be binding on all Parties concerned, unless or until the same be altered by Act of Parliament; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, the Court of Session did regulate a Table of Fees to be demanded and taken by the Sherriffs and Stewarts Clerks, but, by the Increase of Commerce and Population in that Part of the United Kingdom, Cases frequently occur which are not provided for by the said Table of Fees, and in other Instances the Fees already provided are inadequate to Vol. 40.

the Labour and Trouble of the SHgrriffs and'Stewarts Clerks, and some Articles of Trouble and Duty appear to have escaped the Attention of the Court, which Circumstances have Occasioned different Practices in different Counties, and have been productive of Litigation: And therefore prayings That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to irtipower the Court of Session to fix and ascertain reasonable Fees for such Articles of Duty as were not regulated and provided for by the aforesaid Table, and to make such Variations as shall appear just, where the Fees are inadequate to the Trouble.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Dempster do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill to ascertain the Manner and Form Oaths in of taking an Oath, by certain Persons, Protestants of Sartland. the ancient Church of Scotland\ was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to ascertain the Manner and Form of taking an Oath, by certain Persons, Protestants of the ancient Church of Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

William Wilberforce, Esquire, being chosen a Knight Kingston of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the upon Hull Colinty of York, and also a Burgess for the Town of Kingston upon Hull, made his Election to serve for the said County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Kingston upon Hull, in the room of the said William Wilbeij'orcey Esquire.

The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday the 18th Day of this Instant JunCy the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having a Right, and Persons claiming a Right, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Hertford) complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be d^charged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 2d Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The Right honourable Charles Howard, commonly Arundel called Earl of Surrey, having been returned a Citizen Writ, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and also a Citizen for the City of Henford, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and there having been a Petition presented to the House, complaining of the Election and Return of the said Earl of Surrey for the City of Hereford, signified to the House, that it was hot his Intention to make his Election for the said Borough of Arundel.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of A/vndel, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the said Earl of Surrey, who has now signified his Intention not to make his Election for the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New Romney the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for Writ, the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of New Romney, in the County

io4

8‘ Junii. A 1784.

County of Kent, in the room of John Smith, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Pontefract The Counsel and Agents, before mentioned, being

Election. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Lord Mulgrave, and the Right honourable William Wyndham Grenville, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

The Lord Apsley, Sir Edward Littleton, Baronet,

Sir James Langham, Baronet, Harry Esquire,

Watkin Williams, Esquire, Robert Esquire,

John Somers Cocks, Esquire, the Lord Compton, Clement Tudway, Esquire, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lionel Darell, Esquire, Penn Asheton Curzon, Esquire,

Sir William Lemon, Baronet, the Lord Mulgrave, the Eight honourable William Wyndham Grenville.

And the said Fifteen Members being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the honourable William Cockayne, and John Walsh, Esquire, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses, Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves, and divers other Burgesses, Electors of the said Borough, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the Usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber, appointed for bearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Westminster The House, according to Order, proceeded to take

Election. into further Consideration the Matter of the Petition of the Right honourable Charles James Fox; and also, the Matter of the several other Petitions relating to the late Election for the City of Westminster, and to the Return, or Answer, of the Bailiff of the said City, to the Precept of the Sheriff of Middlesex.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That, it appearing to this House, that Thomas Corbett, Esquire, Bailiff of the Liberty of the City of Westminster, having received a Precept from the Sheriff of Middlesex for electing Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, and having taken and finally closed the Poll on the 17 th Day of May last, being the Day next before the Day of the Return of the stud Writ, he be now directed forthwith to make Return of his Precept, and of Members chosen in pursuance thereof;

The House was moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 10th Day of January, and the 6th Day of February, 1698, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Petition of Thomas Chute, Esquire, Clerk of the Crown, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That, it appearing to this House, that Thomas Corbett, Esquire, Bailiff of the liberty of the City of Westminster, having received a Precept from the Sheriff of Middlesex for electing Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, and having taken and finally closed the Poll on tire 17th Day of May last, being the Day next before the Day of the Return of the said Writ, he be now directed forthwith to make Return of his Precept, and of Members chosen in pursuance thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

«» for he *.*{££&"** I"''

Tdlers for the } .*.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster do proceed in the Scrutiny for the said City with all practicable Dispatch;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

} 90.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster do proceed in the Scrutiny for the said City with all practicable Dispatch.

Ordered, That the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster be now called in, and that Mr. Speaker do acquaint him with the said Resolution.

The said High Bailiff was accordingly called in to the Bar, and Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the said Resolution.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

The House was moved, That the Order made Supply. Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Preventions Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Smuggling. mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Laws made lo prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made Ways and Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Means* mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Six of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ipswich

Election.

24 Geo. III. io°^-n

Javis, 10# die Junii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Charles Alexander Cricldtt, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appoiritment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member present having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Sixty-nine Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

0 Junii. 105

before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Two Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Strutt, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Forty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Seventeen, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Two, on Account of their being Petitioners to this House, complaining of undue Elections and Returns; and Five, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Sitting Member named the Right honourable Sir George Howard to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according Shrewsbury to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment Poor* of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Veneris, 11° die Junii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIIta Regis, 1784*

Prayers.

Ipswich nPH E Hour appointed for taking into Considera-filection. Jl tion the Petition of Charles Alexander Crickitt, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Fifty-three Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been V o l. 40.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Forth and Clyde Navigation, w as presented to the ctyde Navi" House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, to the Firth or River of Clyde, the Petitioners were empowered to make and complete the said Navigation, and to receive such Rates and Duties for the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, passing upon the saitl Cut or Canal, as they should think fit, not exceeding Two Pence per Ton for each Mile; but Difficulties having arisen in the Execution of the above Act, the Petitioners apprehend, it would be beneficial to the Public and to themselves that they had further and more ample Powers of lowering the said Rates and Duties, and that the said Act was further explained and amended: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland\

Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish of E e Christ

Christ Church Middlesex, Poor, &c.

Sleaford

Navigation.

io S i 1° Junii. A, 1784.

Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and of se- County of Lincoln, to the River Witham, near Chapel veral of the Overseers of the Poor, and Trustees, Hill, in the same County, and making necessary Cuts and Vestrymen, for putting in Execution an Act of for better effecting such Navigation, was read a Second Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Time.

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, more Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har-effectually to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish rison, Mr. See.: And they are to meet

to purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse for the employ- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and Chamber, for the more effectual Support and Employment of the

Poor therein; and also, for putting in Execution one A Bill ibr incorporating the Company of Proprie- Birmingham other Act of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth tors of a Canal Navigation, authorised by an Act Navigation. Year of His present Majesty, to amend the said first- passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present mentioned Act, was presented to the House, and read; Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Setting forth, That, by the said first-mentioned Act, Birmingham to Bilstone and with the Corn-

Power was given to the Trustees therein nominated to pany of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, autho-

?urchase, erect, hire, alter, or repair any House or rized by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of louses for the better receiving, employing, and the Reign of His present Majesty, to be made from maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and pro- Birmingham to Fazeley, and for consolidating their viding Furniture for the same; and that, there being Shares, and amending the said laBt-mentioned Act, was no House or Building to be purchased or hired within read a Second Time.

the said Parish, capable of being converted into a Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Workhouse, the said Trustees and Vestrymen agreed Law ley, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, See.: to rent a House within the adjoining Hamlet of Mile And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the End New Town,in the Parish of Stepney, and fur- Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, nished and used it as a Workhouse for the Mainte-

toance and Employment of their Poor; and that the An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Longnor Number of Poor belonging to the said Parish hav- Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and Waste Inclosure, ing greatly increased, it was found absolutely ne- Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Longnor, cessary to make several additional Buildings to the in the Parish of in the County of Stafford,

said House, which, with the Rent, Taxes, and other was read the Third Time.

Outgoings payable for the same, has been a very Resoloed, That the Bill do pass: And that the heavy Expence upon the Parish, and the Poor of the Title-be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing said Parish still increasing, Hie said House, together the Open. Fields, Undivided Inclosures, Commons, and with the additional Buildings thereto, became quite Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of insufficient to lodge, maintain, and employ the said Longnor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County Poor; and that a very heavy Annual Expence would of Stafford.

be saved to the said Parish, if Power was given to Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to erect a House, with necessary Out-buildings and Con- the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, veniences, within the said Parish, for the Use of the

Poor thereof; and that, by the said Act of the Eigh- Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Blagdon teenth Year of His present Majesty, the usual Mode order» a Bm for dividing and inclosing the Com- Inclosure, of making the Rates for Relief of the Poor of the mons Waste Lands. within the Parish of Blagdon, said Parish was altered to a Pound Rate in different ln the County of Somerset And the same was received;

Classes, according to the Yearly Rent or Value of the and read the First Time.

Houses and Premises rated to the Poor in the said Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Parish, which hath been found not only inconvenient,

but also productive of so much Collusion between _ A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty- Salford Landlords and Tenants, to avoid being assessed in sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Road, the higher Classes, that the Rates which have been l°r repairing and widening certain Roads leading to made in pursuance of the said Act have repeatedly aild from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, proved deficient to defray the necessary Charges of and and to certain Places called The Broad

maintaining the said Poor, by Reason w hereof the Oak in and Duxbury Stocks, in the County

Petitioners have unavoidably contracted a considera- Palatine of Lancaster', for making more effectual ble Debt for the Relief of the Poor, which they are Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and must be unable to discharge, unless Power be and a l°r making, altering, and widening the Road given to alter the present Mode of assessing the Mo- from a Place called The South Sea, in Pendlebury, to nies to be raised for the Relief of the Poor, and for Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane raising a further Sum to discharge the said Debt: to Daman Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge,

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to over Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said

bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, or to grant County, was read a Second Time, the Petitioners such other Aid as to the House shall Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stan-eeem meet. Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Chamber, mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

shall appear to them, to the House: Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Sheffield

And it is referred to Mr . Jervoise, Mr. Alderman whom the Petition of the Guardians of the Standard Plated Ma-

Wilkcs, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday of Wrought Plate within the Town of as- aufectur#,

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s sembled at their last Annual Meeting, appointed by

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year

and Records. of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

intituled, "An Act for appointing Wardens and A Bill for making navigable a certain Stream or " Assay Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the River, and the Branches thereof, from Sleaford Castle "Towns of Sheffield and ," and of the Causeway, through the Town of New Slcujord, in the principal Manufacturers of Wrought Plate and Silver

3 Plated

ijnU’Com-

tt&lioo.

04GE6.III. it'Junii. 10*7

Plated <3ockte within the TtfWn of Skdffkldaforesaid, Moiety of the Ntt Produce arising by the Sale of all and its Neighbourhood, was referred; That the Com- Seizures, (after deducting the Charges of Cdndenma-mkteehad examined the Matter of the said Petition; tion and Sale from the Whole) should be paid into and had directed him to report the same, as it up- the Exchequer, in lieu of His Majesty’s Share thereof; peered to them, to the House; and he read the Re- hut, by a Clause in an Act, made in the Twenty-first port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, it is directed,

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as that, instead of one Moiety of the Net Produce arising

followeth; viz. by the Sale of all such Seizures (after deducting the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the Whole)

Act was read: And beinj* paid into the Exchequer, in lieu of His Ma-

Vincent Eyre, Esquire, one of the Guardians ap- jestys Share thereof, the Commissioners of the Cus-pointed by the said Act, being examined, said, That the toms are authorized, where they shall judge necessary.

Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards, allowed to be taken to order the Charges arising by the Condemnation by the said Act, for the assaying and marking of Wrought and Sale, and all Manner of Law Bills, and other Plate, are inadequate to the defraying the necessary, Charges of Management, to be paid out of His Ma-Ex periees of the Assay Office. jesty’s Share of the Produce arising by the Sale of all

That Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of Goods which have been, or may be, seized and con-

the Clause in the said Act, which directs, " That if demned, in like Manner as may be done out of any " any working Silversmith, or Dealer in Wrought other Branch of the Revenue of the Customs which is " Plate, or any other Metal plated or covered with by Law applicable to the Payment of Incidents; and " Silver, shall strike, or cause to be struck, any Let- that the said Clause, which so materially affects the " ter or Letters upon any Vessel or other Thing made Petitioner’s Interest, was inserted in the Act without u of Metal, plated or covered with Silver, or upon any Notice thereof having been given either to him " any Metal Vessel, or other Thing, made to look or his Deputy, apd, from the Title of the said Act,

" like Silver, such Person or 'Persons so offending* the Petitioner had no Reason to apprehend that any " shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds," such Clause was contained therein, and consequently whether the Manufacturers of Goods plated with had not then an Opportunity of submitting his Case Silver can cause his or their Name or Names to be to the Consideration of Parliament; and that the Struck upon such Goods without being liable to the Commissioners of the Customs, by virtue of the dis-said Penalty, in consequence whereof the Manufacturers cretionary Power given to them by the said Act, hav-of plated Goods have been deterred from striking his or ing judged it necessary to order all Manner of Law their Name or Names upon Plated Goods, whereby a Bills, Purchase, Hire, and Equipment of Cruisers in proper Distinction betwixt the best and worst Plated the Service of the Revenue, and various other Charges Goods is prevented, and all Emulation in that Branch of Management, to a very considerable Amount (which of Business is done away, to the certain and manifest were formerly paid by Incidents) to be paid out of Prejudice thereof. the Produce of Seizures, there has already been a

Oi'dered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for great Decrease of the Money paid into the Exchequer altering and amending an Act, of the Thirteenth Year on this Account, and His Majesty’s Share of the Proof the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act duce of the Seizures may in Time be still farther reefer appointing Wardens and Assay Masters for assaying duced, by being charged with a still larger Proportion " Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birming- of the Expences of such Management; and that the " ham" so far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield: Petitioner has already suffered a very great Diminution And that Mr. Duncambeand Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, of his Income, in Consequence of Regulations made and bring in, the same. by the Commissioners of the Customs, arid he has.

great Reason to apprehend that his Income will con-A Petition of William Poyntz, Esquire, Inspector of tinue to decrease, and that he may, in the End, be Prosecutions in His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, being entirely deprived of his just Rights granted to him by offered to be presented to the House; the said Letters Patent; and that the Petitioner, hav-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s ing faithfully discharged the Duties of his Office, and

Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, conceiving his Title to the Profits of it to be sacred, having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe- and having made all his Arrangements in the certain

tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the Hope and Expectation that he should have been per-

House. niitted to enjoy those Profits in their full Extent, for

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; the Remainder of his Life, he cannot, at this Period Setting forth, That His late Majesty King Gem'ge the of it, and with a numerous Family, but severely feel Second, by his Royal Patent, dated June 20th, 1741, so considerable and unexpected a Diminution of his granted to the Right honourable Stephen Poyntz, in Income; but, if the House should be of Opinion that Consideration of his long and approved Services, in the abolishing the said Office of Inspector of Prosecu-high and confidential Employments, the Office of In- tions would be for the Benefit of the Public, the Pe-spector Of the Prosecutions in his Court of Exchequer, titioner is willing, with His Majesty’s Permission, to and continued the same to the Petitioner, which Pa- surrender up his Patent, trusting to the Justice and tent His present Majesty renewed and confirmed on Equity of Parliament, that an adequate Compensation His accession to the Crown; and that, by the Terms will be made to him for the same: And therefore of the said Patent, the Petitioner is entitled to hold praying the House to take his Case into Consideration, the said Office by himself, or sufficient Deputy or De- and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall appear puties, with the Fees, Allowances, Profits, and Ad- just ana reasonable.

vantages thereunto belonging, in as full and ample a Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Manner as the same were held and received by the Table, said Stephen Poyntz, or any former Inspector of Prosecutions; and that the Emoluments derived to the Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, Trent and Possessors of the said Office, from its first Establish- to w’liom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors Mersey ment, have been an Allowance of One Shilling in the of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, was expound on His Majesty’s Share of the Money paid into referred; That the Committee had examined, and the Exchequer for prohibited and uncustomed Goods; found that the said Petition is not within the Standing and that, by m Act passed in the Third Year of the Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 177-4* rela-Reign of His present Majesty, it is directed that one tive to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to Vol. 40. extend

Trent and

Mersey

Canal.

108 i r° Junii. 1784.

extend the Navigation beyond the limits already autho- " Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal rized, nor to raise any farther Sum of Money for that " from a Place called Ryder's Green, in the County Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the " of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to " Collateral Cuts from the same, to several Coal report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; " Mines; and also a navigable Canal from or near and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards " the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry . delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was " Canal at or near Faulty, in the Parish of Tamworth, read; and is as folio weth; viz. " in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an " Cut to the lower Part of the Town of Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present was read, whereby it appears, that the said Agreement,

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a navigable and the several Matters and Things therein specified and " Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near contained, should be binding and conclusive on the " Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Company of Proprietors incorporated by the said last-

11 Mersey," was read, whereby the Persons therein named mentioned Act, as fully and effectually as if they had were impowered to make a navigable Cut or Canal from been Parties thereto.

the River Trent, at or near fVilden Ferry, to the River Then certain other Articles of Agreement, bearing Mersey. Date the Twenty-ninth Day of October 17831 between

And also an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the the Petitioners, the said Company of Proprietors of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Coventry Canal Navigation, and the said Company of " for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, were also " the City of Coventry, to communicate upon Fradley produced to your Committee, whereby the before-men*

" Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now tioned Agreement was on their respective Parts ratified

" making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey," was and confirmed. And

read, whereby certain Persons therein named were im- Mr. Meredith being further examined, said, That a powered to make a navigable Cut or Canal from the City Survey has been made of the Line of Canal autho-of Coventry, to join the Canal above-mentioned on rized to be executed from Fazeley to Fradley Heath,

Fradley Heath. which is near Eleven Miles, the Expence of which he

And also an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the apprehends will be about Thirteen thousand Eight

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act hundred Pounds.

" for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to " the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford," enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation was read, whereby it appears that certain Persons therein from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of named were impowered to make such navigable Cut or Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Canal. And Fazeley, to make a navigable Canal from the said Trent

John Meredith, Esquire, being examined, said, and Mersey Natation on Fradley Heath, in the County That the Canal authorized to be made by the said of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County: And that Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, from Sir John JVrottesley and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare,

Coventry to the Canal on Fradley Heath, hath been and bring in, the same, made and completed from Coventry to Atherstone; and

that the Canal authorized to be made by the said Act A Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, Kingswin* of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, from Co- Lord of the Manor of Kingswinford, in the County ford in-ten^ to Oxford, hath been completed from Coventry of Stafford, and the humble Petition of the severalclosur*-to Banbury, but that the other Parts of the said other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, several Undertakings yet remain unexecuted. Then being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tene-Articles of Agreement, made between certain De- ments within the said Manor and Parish, on Behalf legates from the Petitioners, and the respective Com- of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprie-panies of Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Ca- tors of Lands and Tenements within the same Manor nal Navigations, and certain Subscribers to a new and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; proposed Navigation from the Collieries, in the Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, to Birmingham, were and Parish, several Commons, Waste T jmds, and produced to your Committee, whereby it was agreed, Commonable Woods, called Pensnett Chase, and di-. that in order to effect a general Communication be- vers other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable tween the Canal of the Petitioners, and the said Places, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, Coventry and Oxford Canals, the Collieries in the Neigh- Thirteen hundred Acres, or thereabouts, upon which bourhood of Wednesbury, and the Town of Birming- the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors, ham, it would be necessary that the Coventry Canal have, or respectively claim, a Right of Common; should be completed between Atherstone and Fradley and that the said Commons, Waste Lands, Common-Heath, that the Oxford Canal should be completed able Woods, and Commonable Places, in their pre-firom Banbury to Oxford, and that the Subscribers to sent Situation, yield very little Profit to the Petition-the new proposed Navigation should execute a Canal ers, and the rest of the Proprietors aforesaid, and, in from the said Collieries to Birmingham and to Fazeley.; their present State, are incapable of any considerable and, the more easily to effect the Communication be- Improvement; but, if the same were divided, intween Fazeley and Fradley Heath, it was agreed, that closed, and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners, the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal should, by Au- and all other Persons interested in the same, according thority of Parliament or otherwise, relinquish to the to their respective Interests therein, the said Commons Petitioners, and to the Subscribers to such proposed might thereby be greatly improved, and become very Canal, that Branch of the said Coventry Canal lying profitable to the Petitioners, and the rest of the said between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, and that the same Proprietors, as well as a public Advantage: And should be executed by them at their joint Expence; therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring and that, when it should be completed, it should be in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, equally divided between, and each Part considered Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable as the separate and distinct Property of the Petition- Places, in such Manner, and under such Reguia-ers and the said Subscribers, and be supported ac- tions and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem cordingly. _ meet

Then an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine

GOOgl

Dudley

Jndosure.

Lever’s

Museum.

Tavistock

loads.

t

24 Geo. III. i i° Junii.

109

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John JVrottesley, Sir Robert Lawley, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward\ Lord of the Manor of the Borough and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and the humble Petition of Joseph Cartwright, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish of Dudley, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Burgages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parish, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Burgages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Commons and Waste Lands, called Dudley Wood, and divers other Parcels of Waste Lands and Commonable Places, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, One thousand Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors, have, or respectively claim, a Right of Common; and that the said Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, in their present Situation, yield very little Profit to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Proprietors aforesaid, and, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested in the same, according to their respective Interests therein, the said Commons might thereby be greatly improved, and become very profitable to the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Proprietors, as well as a public Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons, Waste Lands^ and Commonable Places, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wrottesley, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition, as well of the Trustees acting under and by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, the first passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon, and the other of them passed in the Twelfth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first Act, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and Nero Quay, in the said County; as also, of the Creditors on the Tolls col-V o l. 40.

lected and levied on that Part of the said Roads which leads from the Lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, over Hprrabridge, by Manadon Gate, to Old Town Gate in Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate, aforesaid, to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, and of the principal Inhabitants residing near the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Aprit 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. Nicholas Mills being examined, said, That the Trustees acting under the said Acts have, in pursuance of the Powers thereby given, borrowed the Sum of £.7,102. 115. 7 d. upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted on the said Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, over Horrabridge, by Manadon Gate aforesaid, to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, which hath been laid out and expended according to the Directions of the said Acts — That the said last mentioned Roads are in bad Repair, and in some Parts so ruinous as to be unsafe for Passengers, and some Parts thereof are now under Indictments for Want of Repair. — And the Witness further added,

That the said Roads, and the Bridge built in pursuance of the said Acts, cannot be kept in proper and sufficient Repair, unless the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and the Composition Money paid in lieu thereof, are increased, and some further Powers are given to the Trustees for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Roast from the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Low- -er Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County: And that Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, Captain Fanshaw, and Captain Macbride, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Totnes* put into Execution an Act, made in the Third Year of Roads. His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " amending and widening several Roads leading from <c or near the North End of the Town and Borough " of Totness, in the County of Devon" whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; but the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rushworth, Mr. Rolle,

F f See.;

jio n° Junii. .//. 1784.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Launceston A Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor. Poor, incorporated by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better Relief arid Employment of the Poor of the Borough of -heved, otherwise Launceston, tfnd the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of and also

of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and others contributing to the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Borough and Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Governor and Guardians have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but the Money thereby authorized to be raised hath been found insufficient for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Borough and Parish, and a considerable Debt hath been incurred for the necessary Purposes of carrying the said Act into Execution, which now remains due, and the said Act hath, in several Respects, been found ineffectual for the Purposes intended; and that there is now standing, in the Name of the Mayor and Corporation of the said Borough, the Sum of /. 384. 1 o s. 8 d.Consolidated Bank Annuities, the Interests or Dividends of which is applicable to the Relief of the Poor, but the Petitioners apprehend it would be more beneficial to the said Borough and Parish, if the said Sum was wholly vested in the said Governor and Guardians of the Poor, in order to sell or dispose of the same, and the Money arising therefrom applied towards discharging the said Debt; and that there are, within the said Borough, several Common Lands, called Great Pemygiltam, Little -gillam, Hay, Windmill, and Longland, the Aftermowth of which hath, of ancient Right and Custom, been enjoyed by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, and the Widows of Free Burgesses, which is of little Benefit to the several Persons entitled thereto; and it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, if the same was to be sold, or let, for the best Price or Rent which could be had for the same, and the Money arising thereby applied towards repairing the Church, repairing and lighting the Streets, or any other Purpose, for the Ornament of the said Town, or the Convenience of the Inhabitants: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for altering and amending the said Act, and other the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rose, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sheffield Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to

Markets. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Markets, within the Town of Sheffield, in die West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Market Place; and for taking down the present Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune,

Sandall, &c. Mr. Duncombe presented1 to the House, according Inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of Hex-trope with Balby, and Long Sandall, in the Soke of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Alford, 4c. Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Roa ' present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and 41 widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from " thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln," was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Surplouee. Address to His Majesty,

Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1783: And also,

Surpluses, stated the 10th Day of October 17 $3-

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

N. B. The said Surplusses, being the same as those which were presented to this House upon the 8th Day of December, in the last Session of Parliament, and the Abstracts thereof entered in the Journal of that Day, arc not here again inserted, but are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir William Lemon, from the Select Committee, Pontefract who were appointed to try and determine the Merits Election, of the Petition of the honourable William Cockayne, and John Walsh, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses, Electors for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and divers other Burgesses, Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Smyth, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Southeron, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Henry Beaufoy, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to Minehead serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Writ. Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Great Yarmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker dor issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, in the room of the said Henry Beaufoy, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his- Warrant Monmouth to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Monmouth, in the room of John Hanbury, Esquire, deceased.

4 The

34 Geo. III. n Juniuhi

Payment* The House being informed that Mr. from

of Land £xcjiequerj attended at the Door; he was called in; *’ and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Payments for the Public Service, out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax and Malt Duties granted for the Service of the Year

1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Pawn- A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effec-

brukers. tual an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Posses-. " sion of Goods or Money by false or untrue Prefences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of " Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned;

" and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by " Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Neumham, Mr. W &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ipswich The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being Election. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House one of the said Lists which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new IJst of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of John Strutt, Esquire, and the Right honourable Sir George Howard, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Peach Hungerford, Esquire, Sir Robert , Baronet, William Colkoun, Esquire, William Wilberforce, Esquire, Henri/Duncombe, Esquire, John Thomas Ellis, Esquire, William Mainwaring, Esquire, Alexander Pop-ham, Esquire, John Moore, Esquire, George Esquire, Robert Colt, Esquire, Esquire,

William Pockin, Esquire, John Strutt, Esquire, the , Right honourable Sir George Howard.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Charles Alexander Crickitt, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sw orn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber appointed for 'hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

kintMawes Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do.issue his Warrant,

0IU to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maices, in the County of Cornwall, in the room »of the Right honourable Robert Craggs Earl Nugent in the King-l dom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, i Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

1

!*ppiy. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vo 1. 40.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Ordered, That the State of the Debt and Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1784 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " I. General " State of the Accounts of the British Museum, for " the Year 1783; II. State of the last Parliamentary " Grant, in 1782; III. Estimate of the current Expeaces and Income, for the Year 1784," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House being informed, that Mr. Piggott and Twelfth Mr. Roe, Two of the Commissioners for examining, ReP°r|j. taking, and stating the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Twelfth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Twelfth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

The Treasurer of the Ordnance is among the Public Accountants upon the Certificate of Accounts depending in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest. We required from that Office the last declared Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, with the Materials from which it was made out. Two Accounts were transmitted to us in consequence of this Requisition; the one, the final Account of John Ross Mackye, Esquire, Treasurer and Paymaster of the Office of Ordnance, from the 1st of January to the 16th of December' f780; the other, the Account of William Adam, Esquire, from the 16th to the 31st of December, being the remaining Part of that Year: The first was declared the 7th of September 1782; the other, the nth of January 1783.

The Account ‘of a Treasurer of the Ordnance contains the Receipts and Payments of an entire Year, unless there have been more Treasurers within the Year than One; and, in that Case, each Treasurer makes up an Account for that Part of the Year during

which

Twelfth Heport on Public Accounts.

Appendix. N° l.

3.

I 12 11° JllYlli.1784*

which he had been in the Office. We confined our A Debenture is an Instrument that describes the Examination to the First of these Accounts, as being for Debt due from the Ordnance: It contains — the Name the longest Period. of the Creditor — the Sum due — the Rate of Compu-

' The Materials which were sent to us with this Account, tation — for what particular Service — the Time w hen it and had been received by the Auditor from the Trea- was performed — and, whether payable out of Money surer, were — a Ledger — Quarter Books — and, Deben- applicable to the Land or Sea Service: It is signed by

tures: From the Inspection of which, together with the Three Officers of the Board, of whom the Lieutenant

Examinations of Charles Harris, Esquire, One of the General, or, in his Absence, some other Board Officer,

Deputy Auditors of the Imprest, and Cutlibert Fishery and the Clerk of the Ordnance, must be Two.

Esquire, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Treasurer of The Debentures are numbered, and sent to the Audi*

the Ordnance, we are made acquainted with the for in Bundles, with a List to each Bundle, contain-

Forms of, and Subject Matter contained in, these ing the Number and Date of each Debenture, the

Books and Instruments; and with the Manner in which Name of the Person entitled, and the Sum. The

the Auditor proceeds in examining and auditing these Debenture, indorsed by the Person named in it; or

Accounts. his Assignee, is the Voucher to the Auditor for the

The Ledger contains a complete Account of all the Payment.

Sums received and paid by the Treasurer during the The last Class of Payments entered in the Ledger,

Period of the Account. The Sums with which he is that of Imprests paid; which comprehends every

charges himself are these — the Balance remaining due Sum issued upon Account during the Period of the on his last Account — the Money imprested to him from Account, and the Name of the Person to whom it is the Exchequer — the Voluntary Charge — and, the Im- issued. The Imprest Bills, which* are the Instruments prests Vacated. that authorize the Treasurer to advance the Money,

The Sum imprested from the Exchequer is verified contain the Sum to be advanced, the Person to wffiorn, by the Imprest Certificate. The Voluntary Charge and sometimes the-Service: These are never produced includes all the Sums (except the Imprests Vacated) to the Auditor, but are retained by the Treasurer until that have come to his Hands by any other Means the Imprests are vacated by Debentures; alter which, than from the Exchequer: The Entry of this Charge their End being answered, they are deposited with in the Ledger is signed at the End by Three or more the other Ordnance Papers, in the Record Room of the principal Officers; and upon the Authority of in the White Tower, under the Clerk of the Ordnance, that Signature the Auditor admits it. This Imprest Account is signed at the Foot of it

The Imprests Vacated, &re Sums which the Trea- by all the Board Officers, and is the Authority by surer stands charged with, in consequence of the Ac- which the Auditor allows the Treasurer the Articles counts of Money issued by w*ay of Imprest, either by contained in it.

him or his Predecessors, having been settled during The Auditor examines the Computations and Cast-the Time of the Account. When a clearing Deben- ings in these Books, Lists, and Debentures; and, having ture is made out, either for the whole Amount, or for compared them with their correspondent Entries in the a Part of a Debt due from the Ordnance, the Sums Ledger, he from them forms the Official Account, that have been advanced on Account are entered by which agrees in Substance with the Account in tho the Clerk of the Ordnance in the Margin of the De- Ledger, but is different in its Form, and in the Arrange-benture; the Treasurer pays the Balance only; but he ment of the Articles. In the Ledger, the Pay-takes Credit for the Amount of the Debenture, and inents, both upon the Quarter Books, and by Deben-charges himself with the Imprests. If a Part only of tures, are entered in the same Order in which they the Sums imprested have been expended, the Account appear in those Books, and in the Debenture Lists, is settled by the Clerk of the Ordnance, and the Ba- distinguished only into Payments for the Land and lance is directed by the Board to be paid to the Trea- Sea Service; but in the Official Account they are

surer; the Imprests in the one Case/ and the Balances disposed and classed under various distinct Heads of

in the other, form the Account of the -Imprests Va- Service, according to such Divisions and Arrangement cated. This Account is signed in like Manner with as it has been customary for the Auditor to make use the Voluntary Charge, and admitted upon that Au- of in his Office. Another Difference is, that in the thority: But the Auditor, finding the Persons, who Ledger the Treasurer enters only the Imprests paid by have been thus cleared, either returned Insuper upon him during the Time of the Account; but the Audi-some former Account, or inserted in the List of Im- for in his Account charges the Treasurer with the

prests in the Account depending, writes them off, as Total Sum remaining Insuper at the Foot of the pre-

fer as they are cleared, opposite their Names in the ceding Account, and discharges him, at the Foot of Margin of that Account in which they are so inserted. — the Account depending, of so much of that Sum as The Discharge contains all his Payments; The Vou- remains uncleared by him, writh the Addition of the chers for them are the Quarter Books and Deben- Sum issued by him on Imprest during the Period of tures. The Quarter Books are of Two Kinds; the the Account.

one relates to the Civil, the other to the Military At the End of the Ledger, is an Abstract of the

Branch of the Ordnance. The Civil Quarter Book whole Account; which, after the Balance is agreed contains the Titles of all the Offices, in the several between the Treasurer and the Auditor, is signed by Departments of the Ordnance, and some other Of- the Treasurer, and attested by him upon Oath before fices, the Duty of which consists both of Land and One of the Barons of the' Exchequer.

Sea Service; together with the Salaries or Allowances The total Charge upon the Treasurer, in the Ac-

allotted to each Office, and the Signature of the Of- count before us, is Two millions Seven hundred and £. 2,73*,589. n.

fleers themselves set opposite their Salaries or Allow- Thirty-two thousand Three hundred and Eighty-nine

ances. The Military Quarter Book contains the Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Ten Pence, One Far-

complete Corps of Engineers: It consists of the thing; of which One million Seven hundred and£ i*7s*»g74- >*

Names of the Officers, their Pay, and the Signatures Fifty-two thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-four

of the Agents who receive it. These Quarter Books Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Seven Pence, One

are entered in the Ledger, and that Entry is signed Farthing, is the Sum remaining Insuper upon the last

by Three or more Board Officers. This Signature preceding Account. The total Discharge is Two£*»73*>$6*-, Sl

is the Authority to the Auditor for the Rate of the millions Seven hundred and Thirty-one thousand Five

Allowance; and the Signature upon the Quarter hundred and Sixty-Eight Pounds, Eighteen Shillings,

Book, of the Person receiving, is the Evidence of the and Four Pence, One Farthing; of which the Sum Payment. remaining Insuper (being the Amount of the Imprests

issued

4 Geo. III. ii® Junii. 113

issued by the several Treasurers of the Ordnance, from the Year 1673 to the 18th of December 1780, l.wtMV 7- and not cleared) is Two millions Ninety-two thousand Three hundred and Fifty-three Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Four Pence, One Farthing; and the Balance of Cash remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer is £8*0.13. 6. Eight hundred and Twenty Pounds, Thirteen Shillings, ana Six Pence.

This Enquiry into the Proceedings of the Auditor of the Imprest, relative to the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, gave us no Insight into the Manner in which the Business of the Ordnance is conducted: To obtain this Knowledge we had Recourse to the Chief Clerks, as the efficient Officers in the several Branches of this Department. We’examined N*4- John Boddinglofi, Esquire, Secretary to the Board of n*5- Ordnance; Robert Mackenzie, Esquire, Secretary; and 6* Mr. Nicholas JVittwer, Minuting Clerk to the Lieu-N*7»8- tenant General; John Vidgen, Esquire, First Clerk in N* 9, 10. the Office of the Surveyor General; William Nettleship, Esquire, First Clerk to the Clerk of the Ordnance; N*n. Mr. Thomas Day, late Clerk in the Office of the N° 12. Storekeeper; and Mr. William Weaver, First Clerk to the Clerk of the Deliveries. From these Examinations, and from the Instructions for the Government of the Office of Ordnance, given by King Charles the Second, in the Year 1683, submitted to our Inspection, and which, with very few Alterations, are the Rules that govern the Office at this Day, we have been enabled to obtain some Knowledge of the Manner in which this extensive Branch of the Public Expenditure is transacted.

The Office of Ordnance is governed by a Master General, and a Board under him, all appointed by separate Letters Patent.

The Board consists of Five principal Officers — the Lieutenant General — the Surveyor General — the Clerk of the Ordnance — the Storekeeper — and, Clerk of the Deliveries, — any Three of whom form a Board. The Master General and Lieutenant General are each, by virtue of his Office, in Two Capacities; the one Military, the other Civil: In their military Capacity the Master General is Commander in Chief, and the Lieutenant General Second in Command, over the Artillery and Engineers.

In his civil Capacity the Master General is intrusted with the entire Management of, and Controul over, the whole Ordnance Department: All Warrants from the King, Privy Council, or, in Sea Affairs, from the Board of Admiralty, and all Letters from Secretaries of State, conveying Orders relative to the Ordnance, are directed, not to the Board, but to the Master General; and the Board carry them into Execution under his Authority, and in consequence of his Direction: He can do alone any Act, which can otherwise, if he does not interpose, be done by the Board: He can order the Issue of Money; but that Order must be executed in the established Mode, that is, by Debenture signed by Three Board Officers.

The Board are subordinate to the Master General: They act under him, pursuant to his Significations < or Directions: If he does not interpose, they are competent of themselves to carry on all the official Business: They make Contracts and Agreements for the Purchase of Stores and Performance of Services, and direct the Issue of Money and Stores; but if the Master General chuses to exert the Power intrusted to him, he can controul all their Actions.

During the Absence of the Master General, or the Vacancy of the Office, the whole executive Power devolves upon the Board: All Warrants, Letters, and Orders, are directed to the Lieutenant General and principal Officers: They can order, sign, execute, transact, and perform every Service or Matter incident to the Office of the Ordnance.

Vol. 40.

The Lieutenant General, in his civil Capacity, is Twelfth the first in Rank among the Members that compose the Board: His Signature is essential to a Debenture, Accounts, to warrant the Payment of it by the Treasurer; unless he is absent Abroad, in which Case any other of the principal Officers is impowered by the King’s Instructions to sign it in his stead; or unless, as has been usual, His Majesty appoints an Assistant and Deputy to the Lieutenant General, to act for him in his Absence. The present Lieutenant General has no Deputy: The last Appointment of this Kind was that of the Surveyor General, by Warrant dated the n? 13. nth of April 1750. It is the Duty, likewise, of this Officer, to superintend all the Officers and Ministers in the various Departments of the Ordnance, and to see that they perform the Duties of their several Employments.

The other Four Principal Officers hav&each of them, independent of his being a Member of the Board, a separate and distinct Branch of Business committed to his Management.

The Surveyor General, or Master Surveyor, as he is stiled in his Patent, is the Second Board Officer:

His peculiar Duty is, as his Title imports, to survey all Stores received or returned into the Storehouses of the Ordnance: He is interposed as a Check upon the Quality and Quantity of the Stores received into the Magazine: At the Totver he executes this Duty by his Clerks; at the Out Ports, and Foreign Garrisons, Officers called Clerks of the Survey are appointed to this Service, who regularly make their Returns into his Office. It is his Province to examine the Account of every Expenditure; and therefore the Price Book, which contains the Price allowed by the Board for every Species of Stores and Service, is lodged with him; and all Bills for Pay for Stores delivered and Services performed, with their proper Vouchers, are transmitted to him for his Examination and Allowance: He compares the Prices charged, and sees that they agree with the Terms of the Contract, Agreement, Warrant, or Order, on which they are grounded: He examines and passes the Accounts of those Officers, or others, to whom the Money has been issued on Account; and after he has finished his Examination of any Demand or Expenditure, he forms a Bill, signs it, and transmits it to the Clerk of the Ordnance, as the Ground for a Debenture for Payment.

The Repairs of the Buildings belonging to the Ordnance at the Tower, and the Direction of the Artificers, Workmen, and Labourers there employed, are intrusted to his Care.

The Clerk of the Ordnance presides in that Office in which are recorded and preserved all the original Authorities, Instruments, and Vouchers, that warrant, describe, and authenticate the Proceedings of the Ordnance: He is the Accountant of the Ordnance; and, as such, keeps the Accounts of all the Cash and Stores belonging to the whole Department: *

He draws up the Annual Estimate for Parliament, and the Monthly Estimate for the Treasury. The Treasurer sends him an Account of the Imprests from the Exchequer, as soon as he receives them: The Articles that compose the Voluntary Charge, and the Imprests Vacated, originate from Accounts examined and settled in his Office; and the Instruments by which Money is paid, or issued, are formed by him.

He makes out the Quarter Books for the Payment of the Officers, from the Appointments, whether they are by Commission, Patent, . Warrant, Signification, or Order; all of which, with the Salaries annexed to them, are entered in his Office. All Debentures for the Payment of Money, either for Stores delivered or Services performed, are made out by him, from the Bills transmitted to him from the Surveyor General.

He vacates the Imprests issued to, or the Debts due from, the Persons named in the Debentures or G g Quarter

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

n 4 ii ° Junii.A. 1784.

Quarter Books, by entering such Sums in the Margin: an Arrangement of the Ordnance Services under ge-He draws all Imprest Bills ordered by the Board: He neral Heads, and states the Sum that will probably be keeps the Imprest Account; and is the proper Officer wanted for each Head of Service during the Year: It to call upon the Sub-Accountants to clear their Ac- is divided into The Ordinary, and, The Extraordinaries, counts: He prepares the Official Letters to the Trea- The Ordinary comprehends the permanent Establish-surer, directing the Payment of Ready Money De- ments, and certain usual Services; the Sums esti-bentures: He draws up, signs, and transmits to him, mated as necessary to answer these Establishments and the Lists of the Debentures in Course ordered for Services are taken or computed from what has been Payment. Having by these Means full Knowledge, the usual Expence of them in preceding Years. The and keeping an Account of the Receipts and Pay- Extraordinaries consist of Sums that will probably be ments, he becomes a Check upon the Treasurer. It wanted in certain Garrisons, either in Great Britain or is Part of his Duty to attend at the Receipt and Return elsewhere, or for casual Services; these Expences are of all Stores into the Magazine of the Ordnance at the calculated either upon the Estimates of Engineers, re-Tower: He keeps a Journal of these Receipts and lative to the Construction of new or the Repairs of old Returns; and has Access to the Journal kept by the Works, in those Garrisons or Divisions; or from the Clerk of the Deliveries, for the Issues: From hence he usual Annual Expences of such casual Services. — The forms a Ledger, and becomes a Check upon the Store- Account of the Expence of Services performed, and keeper. He takes his Account of the Receipts and not provided for, includes Services that were unfore-Issues by the Storekeepers of the Out Ports and Garrisons, seen, and the Excesses of Expences beyond the Pro-from their Accounts transmitted to the Board, and visions made for them: It has been the Usage of referred to his Examination. Office to insert likewise, in this Account, some Ser-

The Storekeeper (or Principal Storekeeper, as he vices, which, though foreseen, were yet omitted in is called, to distinguish him from other Storekeepers) ^e Estimate; but the Two last Estimates have been has the Custody, and keeps the Account of the Ord- formed with a View of avoiding as much as possible the nance and Stores received into, and issued out of, the Necessity of coming to Parliament with an Account of Tower. The Storekeepers at the Out Ports and Gar- unprovided Services.

risons keep the Accounts of the like Articles under The State of the Debt of the Ordnance contains their Charge; but their Accounts are subject to the such of the Debts incurred in all the preceding Years Examination both of the Principal Storekeeper and of as can be ascertained, and remain unpaid; either ho the Clerk of the Ordnance; and for that Purpose each Provision having been made for them by Parliament, Storekeeper, and every other Person who becomes or the Provision made for them having been otherwise accountable for Stores (except the Gunners of Ships; applied. After the Sums in the Estimate, and in the transmits an Account of his Receipts and Issues, with Account of Services performed, and not provided for, the Vouchers and Orders, to the Board, who refer are voted, the Clerk of the Ordnance, at the Ucquisi-them to these Two Officers for their joint Examination of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, tion. draws up a Monthly Estimate, that is, a State of the

The Clerk of the Deliveries is the Officer who Sums that wiU probably be wanted in every Month

superintends and keeps the Account of the Issues of during the Year, both for the Land and Sea Service,

the Stores and Ordnance: He prepares, pursuant to distinguishing the Current Services from the Payments the Direction of the Board, an Instrument, called in Course: The Sum, thus divided into Twelve Parts,

" A Proportion," directed to a Storekeeper, authoriz- "I5 compounded of the Sum in the Estimate, the Sum ing him to issue certain Stores, particularly specified, granted for the unprovided Services, and the Sum to a Place therein named: This Instrument, being Biising from the Five pounds per Cent, of the Vote signed by any Three Board Officers, he delivers to for the Seamen. This Estimate is transmitted to the the Storekeeper, as his Warrant for the Issue: He re- Treasury, and the Board apply to them by Memorial ceives from him the Articles specified, and delivers every Month for the Portion stated for that Month

them to the Person who is to receive or convey them:’ ’n the Estimate; it is issued to the Treasurer of

If the Articles be Arms or Ammunition, he takes an the Ordnance at such Time as is convenient to the Indent, by which the Person receiving engages to render Treasury.

an Account of them. The Ordnance Money is employed, in general,.

either in the Purchase of Stores and Materials, or in Such being the Duty of these Officers, both col- Payments for Services performed. To come at a lectively as a Board, and in their separate Capacities, Knowledge of the general Rules by which these rur-we proceeded to enquire by what general Rules the chases are made, and Services conducted, it was ne-Business of the Ordnance is conducted in the several cessary to direct our Enquiry to particular Articles of Departments. Business in the Ordnance Department, and to mark

their Progress through the several Offices. The Sub-The Business of the Ordnance may be considered as jects we selected were — die Hire of Ships — the Hire comprehended under what relates to the Receipt, and of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers for the Artillery — what relates to the Expenditure, of the Money applicable Contracts for Bricks and Timber — Fortifications — to that Service. Gunpowder — and Ordnance. Upon these Subjects we

The Money provided for the Ordnance Service is collected Information from the Officers of the Ord-received by the Treasurer from the Exchequer: It is nance above mentioned, and likewise from the follow-distinguished under Two Heads — For the Land — and, ing Persons, conversant in those particular Branches;

For the Sea Service. The Money for the Land Service viz John Julius Angerstein and John Thompson, Esquires, N* j is contained in Two Accounts — The Estimate for the Contractors with the Board of Orduance for Ship-Current Year — and, The Account of Services performed, ping; Thomas Dickinson, Esquire, Superintendant of N° 16. and not provided for. The Money for the Sea Service Shipping; William Adam, Esquire, a Contractor for N° i7. is Five Pounds per Cent, of the Sum granted by Par- Bricks and Timber; Colonel Mathew Diron, Coin- N" ig. liament for the Seamen. manding Engineer at Plymouth; Major William Con- N* 19.

Every Year the Clerk of the Ordnance draws up, greve, Deputy Comptroller of the King’s Laboratory and presents to the House of Commons, Three Ac- at Woolwich; and Major Thomas the In- N° 20.

counts — First, An Estimate for the Current Year — spector of Artillery.

Secondly, An Account of the Expence of Services '

performed, and not provided for — and, Thirdly, A In most of the Transactions of this Office, the dis-State of the Debt of the Ordnance. — The Estimate is tinguishing Circumstances to which we particularly

2 directed

24 Geo. III. n ° Junii. 115

directed our Attention, are — the Contract — the Exe- Shillings, a Year; (that is) for Seven Years, exclusive cution — and, the Payment. of Losses, and Wages of extra Seamen, Two millions ^2,180,^5.8,

Every Contract or Agreement is made by the Board. One hundred and Eighty thousand Three hundred anti The Terms have usually been settled, either in Con* Ninety-six Pounds, Eight Shillings, sequence of Proposals delivered in, sometimes pursuant to Advertisements, and sometimes upon the Ten- The Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, for der of the Contractor without Advertisements; or, in the Service of the Ordnance, during the late War, has consequence of Appointments, by the Master Ge- been by Contract. The Obligation upon the Con-neral, of particular Persons to supply certain Species tractor is, to provide and supply, from Time to Time, of Stores or Materials, or to perform certain Branches «s many of each as shall be required by the Board; of Service; but by a late Resolution, the Board have The Commander in Chief regulates the Number and determined for the future to advertise for every Kind the Time when they will be wanted. From the Account of Stores or Services they shall stand in need of The Df the Number of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers,

Prices agreed to by the Board are entered in the employed in the Service of the Artillery in England, from Price Book, by which the Surveyor General checks January 1778 to December 1783, returned to our Re-the Prices charged in thfe Bills delivered to him for quisition by the Clerk of the Ordnance, it appears that his Examination and Allowance, and regulates future the Establishment for the Train in England, from its Contracts for the same or similar Services. — The Exe- Commencement in May 1778 to the End of October cation is guarded by the Superintendance of Officers 1782, consisted of One thousand Six hundred and employed in the Service: It is the Duty of some of Thirty-seven Horses, Thirty-tW’o Conductors, and Five them to take an Account of, and examine the Quan- hundred and Eighty-one Drivers. By a Contract with tity and Quality of all Stores received into, or deli- Mr. Fitzh&'bert, of the Year 1775, the Full Pay of vered out of, the Magazines, and of all Materials sup- the Horses w?as One Shilling and Nine Pence, and of pjied and used for the Works: It is the Duty of the Conductors Three Shillings, a Day; and of the others to see that the Services under their Inspection Drivers, Eight Shillings a Week each. They were kept are faithfully performed in every Article, according continually in th£ Service, either upon Full or Half Pay, to the Terms of the Agreement. Upon the Certili- and were'raised to Full, or reduced to Half Pay, in cates of these Officers the Board rely for the due Exe- consequence of Orders from the Board to the Con-cution of ievery Undertaking, and for the Truth tractor: He was supplied with Forage for his Horses of every Circumstance contained or implied in the from the King's Magazines, at Six Pence the Ration j Instruments to which those Certificates are annexed; and for every Horse killed or taken by the Enemy, he and upon the Credit of them they direct the several* was to be paid Ten Pounds. By a Contract with Mr.

Payments. Samuel Tewkesbury, in the Year 1782, the Full Pay for

That these are the Rules by which the Board of Ord- a Horse was reduced to One Shilling and Three Far- nance conduct themselves in the Execution of the Bu- tilings a Day: and the Contractor was to pay for a siness intrusted to their Management, we collect from Ration the Price paid by Government, which was Ten the Examination of the Subjects above mentioned. Pence Three Farthings; and he was bound to find

Jackets, Caps, and several other Articles, for the Before the Year 1777, Ships for Freight were pro- Horses and Drivers, which were in the former Contract cured by the Ordnance, either in consequence of Ad- found by Government. The total Expence to the vertisements, or by the Intervention of Brokers; but Public for this Service, from the Year 1778 to the Year in that Year an Officer was appointed, called the Su- 1783, appears, by an Account from the Ordnance, to perintendant of Shipping, whose Business it is, either have been Two hundred and Thirty-three thousand to look out for such Ships as the Service may stand in Three hundred and Eighty-five Pounds, Eighteen Shil- jC-a33.3S5. x8.

need of, or, where Ships are tendered in pursuance of lings, and Four Pence.

Advertisements, to examine the Condition of them, The Check upon the Performance of this Service is

and the Proposals delivered in by the Contractors, intrusted to the Commissary of Horse. The Contractor

and report his Opinion thereupon to the Board: It is passes, in the Office of the Surveyor General, a Monthly his Duty likewise to assist at the Valuation of the Ship, Account, containing the Number of Horses, Conduc-Rigging, and Stores. Government is bound by the tors, and Drivers, upon Full and Half Pay during that Charter Part}', where a Ship is taken or destroyed by Month, with the Sums due to him for the Hire: This the Enemy, to pay to the Owner the Value of the Ship, Account js certified by the Commissary of Horse; and Rigging, and Stores; this makes >it necessary to set a the Surveyor General relies upon that Certificate for the Value upon them previous to her Sailing. Certain Truth of the Account.

Officers, of whom the Superintendant is one, are ap- '

pointed by the Board to take an Inventory of all her Bricks w^ere provided for the Works at Chatham, m Rigging and Stores, and to make a Valuation of them, consequence of an Advertisement, at One Guinea per and of the Ship: This Valuation is signed by all the Thousand for the Bricks, and Three Shillings for the Officers, and lodged with the Clerk of the Ordnance. Carriage.

It is not customary to give Notice to the Owner of the Timber has been supplied, and Carpenters Work Time when this Valuation is to be made; he may have done, for the Service of the Ordnance, either by Con-Recourse to it in the Office where it is kept: If he tract pursuant to Advertisements, or under the Signifi-signs it, he considers himself as bound by it, otherwise cation of the Master General. The Performance of not. If the Ship be taken or destroyed by the Enemy, the Contract for Bricks was superintended and checked the Sum inserted in the Valuation is paid to the Owner, by the Principal-Engineer, and other Officers belonging deducting Eight Shillings per Ton, per Amixm, for the to that Corps; and in every District where Timber w as Wear and Tear. delivered, 6r Carpenters Work done, an Officer was

The Number of Ships employed in the Service of appointed by the Board to examine into the Goodness the Ordnance, from the 1st of January 1776 to the of the Materials, artd the Execution of the Work; and End Of the Year 1783, has been One hundred and upon the Certificate of these Officers the Demands of Ten; and the Number of Tons, Thirty-nine thou- the Contractors are allowed, sand Nine hundred and Thirty-four; of which the

Annual Expence, at Thirteen Shil I inns per Ton, per A Fortification is erected by the commanding En*

Month, the Price settled by the Board, has been, gineer, pursuant to an Order from the Master General,

4*5-4. upon an Average, Three hundred and Eleven thou* for carrying a Project into Execution according to an sand Four hundred and Eighty-five Pounds, Four approved Plan and Estimate: The Commanding

Vol. 40. Engineer

ii6 ii° J 1784.

Twelfth Engineer forms the Estimate for the different Species Gunpowder is manufactured by several Persons, Jteport of Work by the established Prices in the Office. Since under Contracts with the Board of Ordnance; the Accounts October last, Proposals have been delivered to the Manufactory at Faversham, which belongs to Govern-Board in consequence of Advertisements, for supply- ment, not being able to famish them with near the ing Timber and Materials, and executing different Quantity they want The Board supply the Contrac-Species of Work in the Building Branch, at a lower for with Salt Petre. The India Company engage by Rate than the old established Prices in the Office: their Charter to provide for Government Five hun-The Proposals for the Carpenters and Bricklayers dred Tons every Year, if demanded, at Fifty-three Work at Plymouth, being at reduced Prices, have been Pounds per Ton in Time of War,' and Forty-five agreed to by the Board: The Proposals for the Carpen- Pounds per Ton in Time of Peace: The Contractor ters Work at the Tower, and in the Medway and Cinque engages, at the Price of One Pound Seven Shillings Port Divisions, are agreed to, but with a Deduction of and Six Pence per Barrel for Workmanship, to work Two and One Quarter per Cent, from the proposed Eighty Pounds of double-refined Salt Petre into a Prices in the Tower Division: Those for the Portsmouth Barrel of Gunpowder of One hundred Pounds net Division are not yet settled. Weight, to hold and undergo the usual Proof and

These Works are executed Part, by Contract, Part Survey. Before any Gunpowder used by Government by Day Labour; but no Part is executed, and no is received into the Magazines, it undergoes, by Or-Materials provided, without the express Direction, in der of the Board, a Proof at Purfleet. The only Writing, of the Master General, or the Board. The Established Mode of Proof was, by raising a given Commanding Engineer makes the Contracts for the Weight in a Frame, called a Vertical Eprouvette, by different Work, upon such Terms as have been approved a given Quantity of Powder; but by a Course of of by the Board: The Labourers he procures himself, Experiments lately made, by Order of the then Mas-' and settles their Wages, either according to the usual ter General, with Mortars, this Mode -has been found

Price of Labour in that Country, or at such a Rate as not to be a certain Proof of the Strength and Good-he can agree for; if Soldiers are employed, the Com- ness of the Powder; for a Powder, that with Two mander m Chief regulates their Pay: The Subaltern Drachms would raise the Vertical Eprouvette Four Engineers and Overseers superintend the Execution. Inches and Five Tenths, would, with Three Pounds,

That Part performed by Contract is paid for by Measure: range a Shell from a Thirteen Inch Mortar One thou-The Engineer or Overseer appointed to superintend it, sand One hundred and Three Yards only; when makes his Report, every Week to the Commanding another Powder, that with the same Quantities would Engineer, of the Progress of the Work; and every raise the Eprouvette only One Inch and Nine Tenths, Three Months, or oftener, the Engineer and Overseer, would range the Shell One thousand One hundred and in Conjunction with a Person on the Part of the Con- Twelve Yards: The Report upon these Experiments is tractor, measure the Work, and sign the Measurement; now under the Consideration of the Board of Ordnance, from whence is formed the Bill, which contains the The Officers employed in making and superintending Species and Quantity of the Work, and the Sums due to this Proof are, the Comptroller of the King’s Labora-the several Artificers: This Bill, being signed by the tory at (or, in his Absence, the Deputy) the

Commanding Engineer, and certified by the Subaltern Chief Fire Master, the Assistant Fire Master, the

Engineers and Overseers, is transmitted to the Surveyor Storekeeper, the Clerk of the Survey, and the Clerk General, as the Ground for the Payment to the Con- of the Check at Purjleet. After every Proof, a Report tractor. of the Quantity and State of the Powder proved, signed

Labour is paid by the Day, and the same Officers by the Comptroller, the Two Fire Masters, and the

make a Report every Day to the Commanding En- Storekeeper, is made to the Master General and the

gineer of the Progress of the Work, specifying the Board; who, in consequence of that Report, direct Materials expended, and the Persons employed; and what Powder shall be received as serviceable into the from hence are formed the Monthly Pay Lists; which, King’s Magazines, being certified by Two or more Engineers or Overseers,

are a Ground for the Order of the Commanding Engi- The Ordnance are either of Brass or Iron. All the neer to the Storekeeper for Payment. Brass Ordnance are cast in the Royal Foundry at

N® 24. From an Account of the Sums that have been ex- Woolwich. The Iron are cast by Contract, at Foun-pended in the Fortifications at Chatham, Portsmouth, dries in different Parts of the Kingdom, and are de-and Plymouth, from the Beginning of the Year 1770 livered to the Storekeeper at Woolwich: The Con-to the End of the Year 1783, it appears, that the tractor is bound to cast them, agreeably to Moulds Expence to the Public, for the Works at Chatham, sent to him by the Board, at Eighteen Pounds a Ton, 144,009.15. has been One hundred and Forty-four thousand and subject to such Survey and Proof as the Board shall.

Nine Pounds, Fifteen Shillings; for those at Ports- direct; and if a concealed Defect in any One Gun is £*971903. s. mouth, Two hundred and Ninety-seven thousand discovered, all the Guns belonging to that Contractor,

Nine hundred and Three Pounds, Eight Shillings; and laid down for Proof at that Time, are rejected. Super-£.118,17*. 14 for those at Plymouth, One hundred and Twenty-eight intending the Proof was formerly intrusted to Officers thousand One hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds, in the Civil Department of the Ordnance; the Surveyor £. 570,091.17. e. Fourteen Shillings, and Six Pence; together, Five General, with other Civil Officers, were present at the hundred and Seventy thousand and Ninety-one Pounds, First Day’s Proof; the Board attended the Second Day: N°s5. Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence: And from an But by His Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 24th of Extract of an Estimate of the whole Expence which January 1783, this Duty is transferred to the Officers will probably be incurred in completing the Works of the Artillery; it is now executed by the Inspector therein mentioned, presented to the House of Commons, of Artillery, with the Assistant Inspector, and Proof and transmitted to us by the Surveyor General, . it Master.

appears, that the Sum required this Year for Repairs, Every Gun undergoes first an Examination, and in the Three Divisions of Portsmouth, Plymouth, and then a Proof. The Examination is performed with £.68,008. Chatham, amounts to Sixty-eight thousand and Eight Instruments calculated to discover Errors in the Form Pounds; and that the Expence to the Public in com- and Position of the Bore, and to ascertain whether pleting certain of the Works at Portsmouth, will amount the Construction is agreeable, in every Respect, to £. 183,000. to above One hundred and Eighty-three thousand the Mould sent as a Pattern to the Gun Founder. Pounds; and, to render both Portsmouth and Plymouth The Proof is, first, Two Days with Gunpowder, and 4 or£.joo,oo«. complete, will require Four or Five hundred thousand a Search after each Firing; then by forcing Water Pounds. into the Bore; and lastly, by an Inspection of the

, inward

N* 26.

24 Geo. III. 11° Junii. 117

inward Surface, effected by throwing into it a Quan- of them contains the Date of the Debenture it orders Twc’fth

tity of Light, by Means of a Mirror, which frequently him to discharge, the Sum, and the Person to whom l*ePort

discovers concealed Defects, that escape every other payable; and must be signed by the Clerk of the

Examination and Proof. If the Gun stands these Ordnance, and Two more of the Board Officers. The Examinations and Proofs, to a Degree sufficient in Board having likewise determined the Number of the Judgment of the Inspector, it is received into Months they intend to pay of the Debentures in His Majesty’s Stores, upon a Report to the Board, Course, always taking the Months in regular Succes- j

signed by the Inspector of Artillery, the Assistant sion, the Clerk of the Ordnance makes out a List of

Inspector, and the Proof Master. those Debentures: This List must be signed by Three

Board Officers, and is retained in the Office: A Copy From the Information we have thus collected, re- of it, signed by him alone, is sent to the Treasurer, lative to the Contract and Execution, it appears that Public Notice is given when Money is ordered for the Security to the Public, for the faithful Perform- the Payment of Debentures in Course; and a List of ance of the important Service of the Ordnance, rests all the Debentures of both Kinds, that are in Course upon the Knowledge, Attention, and Integrity with of Payment, is hung up in the Hall of the Office of which the Contracts are made; and the Ability, Ordnance. The other Officers intrusted with the Diligence, and Fidelity which superintend and guard Payment of Money are — the Messenger to the Board the Execution. — the Paymaster to the Artillery — the Commissary and

Paymaster to the Train of Artillery serving Abroad —

The Payments are made either by the Treasurer, and, the Storekeeper at an Out Port or Garrison, or by certain Officers intrusted with Money to dis- Mr. John Daniel Lauzun, the Messenger to the N* 17-charge particular Services. There are Two Modes Board, gave us an Account of the Payments made by of Payment by the Treasurer, the one upon Quarter him. This Officer is employed to pay the Wages Books, the other by Debenture. The Quarter Books of the Furbishers, Artificers, and Labourers at the are made out by the Clerk of the Ordnance, from the Tower, the Land and Window Tax for the Tower,

Establishments and Instruments of Appointment de- the Stoppages of Artificers belonging to the Train of posited in his Office; and contain the Names of the Artillery serving Abroad, and some other small Ex-Officers, and the Salaries, Allowances, or Wages, pences of Course, together with whatever other Ar-annexed to the Offices, or expressed in the Appoint- tides he receives the particular Orders of the Board ments: These Quarter Books, having been signed by to discharge. Upon Application to them, and laying Three Board Officers, are transmitted every Quarter before them the State of his Cash, they direct Money to the Treasurer for Payment. — The Debentures are to be imprested to him for these Purposes. The Hills formed by the same Officer, from Bills sent to him by for the Furbishers, Artificers, and Labourers, are paid the Surveyor General. Every Demand upon the Ord- every Month; and each Bill has the Signature of some nance is examined and compared with the Vouchers particular Officers, on whom the Board rely for the in the Office of the Surveyor General, and must re- Truth of the Articles contained in it. Every Six ceive his Allowance: He then reduces it into the Months, the Accounts of the Messenger are passed by Form of a Bill, and sends it to the Clerk of the Ord- the Surveyor General, and his Imprests vacated, nance, who from thence makes out the Debenture, Richard Bethel Cor, Esquire, who has been em- N° 28. procures to it the Signature of the Board Officers, ployed in the Office of the late Paymaster of the’Ar-and delivers it to the Person entitled; and when ttliery, gave us Information relative to the Business ordered by the Board for Payment, it is discharged by transacted in that Department. The Paymaster of the the Treasurer. Artillery pays the Monthly Subsistence of the Corps

The Debentures are of Two Kinds — Ready Money of Artillery at Home, and in the Mediterranean, and — and, in Course. This Distinction is grounded upon defrays the contingent Expences of that Corps, puf-the Time when the Holder becomes entitled to receive suant to the Orders of the Board of Ordnance, who his Money; that Time is either expressed or implied issue Sums to him from Time to Time, on Account, in the Contract. The Ready Money Debenture is to for these Purposes. The Subsistence and Contingcn-be paid as soon as it can be made out, or as soon after cies of the Artillery serving in America, and the /Vest as the Board have Money to pay it. For the Deben- Indies, are paid by Paymasters resident there, and ap-tures in Course there is no limited Time of Payment: pointed by the Board to that Service: Those in Canada When the Board are supplied with Money for this obtain the Sums they want by drawing upon the Pay-Service, these Debentures are classed according to the master at Home; the rest either draw' upon the Board Months in which they bear Date, that is, in which of Ordnance, or receive their Money by Remittances the Services are performed; and as many of those from Contractors: But all these Sums, by whatever Classes, taking them in Course, next the Month last Means they obtain them, are charged to the Account paid, are ordered for Payment, as the State of the of the Paymaster at Home; for he is Paymaster of Cash will allow. Upon every Contract it is under- the whole Corps of Artillery; and, therefore, he exa-stood that the Payment of the Demands grounded mines and passes the Accounts of those Paymasters upon it shall be in Course, unless it is expressly stipu- Abroad, as tar as relates to the Subsistence and Collated that they shall be made with Ready Money. As tingencies, and passes himself the Accounts of the the Debentures are distinguished, so are the Orders whole Corps in the Office of the Surveyor General. — for Payment; the Ready Money Debentures are This Office having been executed by Two Persons, directed to be paid by Letters of Pa)ment; the Deben- wevrequired from them an Account of the Public tures in Course, by Lists. The Clerk of the Ordnance Money remaining in their Hands, Custody, or Power, lays before every Board a State of the Cash, with an as Paymasters to the Royal Artillery. The Account Account which of the Ready Money Debentures re- returned to us is dated the 31st of March !7«v4, and N° 29. quire Payment, and what Sums should be advanced states to be due to them from the Boaid, a Balance of on Account; and, if the Cash be sufficient, he like- Fifteen thousand and Fifty-six Pounds, Ten Shillings, 10. »$.

wise produces to them an Account of the Amount and Eleven Pence Three Farthings: This Balance of the Debentures made out in Course, for as many consists of unissued Subsistence advanced by them, and Months next succeeding the Month last paid, as the Sums due to them for Agency and Salaries. The Cash will discharge. The Board having ordered for Subsistence issued by the Board to the Paymaster is Payment such of the Ready Money Debentures as computed upon the Establishment at Home, and in they judge expedient, the Clerk of the Ordnance pre- the Mediterranean; but there are others of the Corps pares and sends to the Boaid the official Letters; each for whom lie is obliged to issue Subsisteuce; such as Vol. 40. H h Soldiers

Twelfth Report on Public Aqcounw.

N° 30.

ing 11* Jnmi. A. 1784.

Soldiers doing Duty at Home, but belonging to the -employed in the Work (to whidh is generally added that Companies Abroad, and Supernumeraries mustered of the Overseers) and the Order of the Chief Engineer with the Companies at Home, but designed to Fecruit (for Payment the Receipts are witnessed by Two Of the Companies Abroad: for these the JBoard issue no fleers. The Pay List, thus perfected, is’the Store-Subsistence to the Paymaster at Home, because they keeper’s Voucher. He generally, every Quarter, sends are considered as belonging to the Companies Abroad, up to the Surveyor General an Abstract of his Payments and subsisted with them; but the Commanding Of- during the Quarter, with the Vouchers and his. Affidavit fleers of the different Detachments and Companies at annexed, verifying (these Payments.

Home, draw upon him for Sums on Account to pay

.this Subsistence, and return to him Monthly Pay Lists We found in the Accounts of the Treasurer of the as their Vouchers. Ordnance, as in (those of the Treasurer of the Navy,

The last Account passed by the Paymaster is that and Paymaster General of the Forces, the Names of the Year 1776. As each Year’s Account includes many Persons, to whom Money has been imprested, the Receipts and Payments of the Paymasters Abroad and whose Accounts are unsettled. We issued our ^during that Year, the Events in America have delayed Precepts to the Auditors of the Imprest for a List of these Accounts: The Vouchers for the Accounts of the Persons remaining Insuper upon the Accounts of the Detachment taken Prisoners at Saratoga, subse- the Treasurer of the Ordnance, from the 26th of questtothe Year 17 yfywere not received until December March 1673, the most remote Date in the Account last. before us, to the 31st of December 1780: Two Lists

James Fraser, Esquire, late acting Paymaster to the were returned to this Requisition; the one contained N*3i. Artillery serving with the Army in North America, the Names of the Persons to whom Money had been described to us the Service which that Officer is imprested between the 26th of March 1673, and the intrusted to execute. . 1st of December 1714, with the Sums for which they

The Payment of the Subsistence and Contingencies severally tstand accountable, amounting together to of the Corps of Artillery is a different Service from Seventy-one (thousand Five hundred and Eighty^eight £.71,5*8. p 3$. fthat of paying the Expences attending the Train of Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Three Pence Three

Artillery: The same Person generally executes both; Farthings.; the other comprehended the Names of the

but in the one Service he acts as Deputy to the Pay- Persons, and the like Issues, from (hat Time to the

master of the Artillery at Home, and passes his Ac- End of December 1780, the Amount of which is One £-1,770,683. 14.7

counts with him; in the other he is an Accountant million Seven hundred and Seventy thousand Six to the Board, and passes his Accounts in the Office hundred and Eighty-three Pounds, Fourteen Shil-of the Surveyor General. As Commissary and Pay- hogs, and Seven Pence Halfpenny. As many of master to the Train, it is his Duty to defray every these Sub-Accountants might have passed their Ac-Expence attending it, both civil and military, pur- counts since December 1780, or may be now passing suant to the Orders of the Commanding Officer of them, we transmitted these Two Lists to the Board Artillery. The Board of Ordnance supply him with of Ordnance; requiring from them an Account of Money for this Service, either by Remittances from the Persons who either have passed, or are now pas-Home, or by accepting Bills of Exchange drawn by sing, the Accounts of the Sums they stand charged him/ and attested by the Commanding Officer of Ar- with. By the Return to this Requisition it appears, tilk ry. In the Year 1776 the Artillery -were supplied that none of the Accounts inserted in the First List with Wwagons. Horses, and Drivers, by the Quarter- are either passed or passing; but that Sums in the Se-master General; and his Bills were paid by the Ord- cond List, amounting to One million Two hundred £ 1^7,767. 8. 3. nance: Since that Time the Waggons have most of and Sixty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-them been constructed, and the Horses purchased, by seven Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Three Pence,

Government, as a Mode less expensive to the Service, either have been passed since December 1780, or are The Conductors, Artificers, and Labourers, are paid at this Time in a Train of being passed: We have, by Monthly Pay Lists, fornved in the Office from therefore, omitted the Accounts under both these Muster Rolls sent thither by the acting Commissary of Descriptions, and inserted in the Appendix the re- N° 3a.

Stores, who superintends the Musters. The Number maining Sub-Accountants only, whose Accounts are

of Days they have been employed is taken from a sdH depending, and who are taking no Steps towards

Check List certified by the Overseer of the Work, tlaeir final Adjustment. The Sum thus remaining In-

The Price of Labour is according to a Rate established super upon this List is Five hundred and Two thou- £ 5°*,916. 6. 4f

long ago by the Board of Ordnance, and adopted in sand Nine hundred and Sixteen Pounds, Six Shillings,

America. The Commissary of Stores having certified and Four Pence Halfpenny; which being added to by his Signature to the Truth of the Pay List, and Seventy-one thousand Five hundred and Eighty-eight £ 71*588. 9. 3*. the Commanding Officer of Artillery having signed Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Three Pence Three upon it an Order for the Payment, the Persons therein Farthings, the Amount of the First List, makes the named are paid at the Office by the Paymaster or his Total Sum issued on Account, and still depending, in

Clerks, and sign their Names or set their Marks the Office of the Ordnance, Five hundred and Seventy- £.574,504. 15. 8

opposite to the Sums they receive. four thousand Five hundred and Four Pounds, Fifteen

Bills for Stores and Materials are examined and Shillings, and Eight Pence One Farthing, attested by the Commissary of Stores; arid upon this

attestation the Commanding Officer relies for the We in Progress of this Enquiry, Regu-Truth of every Circumstance in the Bill, and directs lations lately adopted in this Office, tending to produce the Payment accordingly; and Two Witnesses attest beneficial Effects to the Public. We shall, in the Course the Receipt. The Pay Lists and Bills, thus verified of our Observations, suggest such further Regulations and authenticated, are the Paymaster’s Vouchers in as may in our Judgment appear practicable and the Office of the Surveyor General. useful.

The Mode of forming the Estimate for the Ord-A Storekeeper at an Out Port or Garrison becomes nance Service, long in Use in this Office, is funda-an Accountant, from having Money imprested to him mentally defective. The Design of an Estimate to to enable him to fulfil the Orders of the Chief En- inform the House of Commons what Sum will pro-gineer in that Division. He i$ the Officer appointed bably be required for any Sendee in the ensuing Year, to pay the Labourers: The Pay Lists, which contain in order that the legislature may, out of the Public the Names of the Persons, and the Sums they are Revenue, provide and appropriate a Portion adequate entitled to, require the Certificate of the Engineers to that Service, and thus the Nation have an early

4 Knowledge

GOOgfo

34 Geo. III. n ° Junii. 119

iKnowledge how much they will be obliged to‘raise for the Reach of human Foresight) what Sutfi will be ‘the most considerable Expences of the State, and for wanted for each Head; and, should the Provision the Support of their 'Government, Credit, and Secu- exceed the Demand, the Excess may be well applied rity: Every Estimate ought therefore to be as com- in increasing the Fund, should happily such a Fund

plete and comprehensive as the Experience and Fore- be established, for reducing the Debt of the Public,

sight of intelligent Officers can form it; and yet, since The Determination of the Board of Ordnance in the Year 1720, every Annual Estimate for the Ord- the beginning of the Year 1782, to advertise for the nance Service has been attended with an Accourit of different Articles wanted in every Branch of the Ser-Services performed and not provided for, and some- vice, is a Regulation that has produced Advantage to times to -an Amount exceeding the Sum in the Esti- the Public. The Contract for the Hire of Horses, mate. Most of the Services in these Accounts were Conductors, and Drivers, of the Year 1782, in con-such as might have been, many such as were actually sequence of Advertisements, w>as made upon Terms foreseen; but the Usage of Office warranted the Omis- more favourable to the Public than that of the Year sion of them: The Estimate of the Year 1783, formed 1775: Eight Pence One Farthing upon the Hire, with a View of comprehending every probable Ex- and Four Pence Three Farthings in the Ration, for pence of the Year, appears by the Account of the every Horse, per Day, is a considerable Saving: It unprovided Services for that Year, presented to the would have been in the Hire of One thousand Six House of Commons with the Estimate for this Year, hundred and Thirty-seven Horses, the Number upoti 111,634- 9« 6- to have been deficient One hundred and Eleven thou- the Establishment from the 18th May 1778 to the sand Six hundred and Thirty-four Pounds, Nine Shil- End of October 1782, that is, for Four Years, Five

lings, and Six Pence; and thus every Year has been Months, and Thirteen Days, supposing them upon

encumbered with more than its own Burthens, with Full Pay for Half the Time, and upon Half Pay for Expences that belonged to, and ought to have been the other Half, Sixty-eight thousand Six hundred and borne by, the Revenue of preceding Years. Nor is Tw'enty-three Pounds, Eleven Shillings; — and the this the only Grievance; a Debt has been accumu- Saving upon the Ration for the same'Number, during lating, for Services not included in any preceding either that Period, supposing them supplied the w-hoie Year, Annual Estimate, or Annual Account of unprovided would have been Fifty-tw'o Thousand Six hundred Services, until it has amounted, as appears by the and Eighty Pounds, Fourteen Shillings; — together,

1 State of that Debt prefixed to the Estimate of the One hundred and Twenty-one thousand Three hun-

1 present Year, and that imperfect (as far only as it can dred and Four Pounds, Five Shillings, exclusive of

! £*74,i96- 7- 6. be ascertained) to Eight hundred and Seventy-four the Savings to Government by not providing the

thousand One hundred and Ninety-six Pounds, Seven Jackets, Caps, and various other Articles, for the Shillings and Six Pence. Hence the Officers of this Drivers.

Board have been obliged to hazard the Exercise of By a Report of the Surveyor General to the Board Powers not warranted by the Constitution: They of Ordnance, dated the 10th of May 1783, Part of have applied Public Money to other Services than which we have inserted in the Appendix, with the Ac-those to which it w'as appropriated, and involved the counts it refers to, it appears, that, had the Fortifica-Nation in Debts without the Consent, or even the tions at Portsmouth, therein mentioned, been executed Knowledge, of Parliament; rendering themselves ob- by Measurement and Contract, the Difference in fa-noxious to Parliamentary Censure. It has been usual your of the Public had been Fifty-five thousand and to leave out of the Estimate the Demand for the Sea Fifty-seven Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Six Pence Service: The Fund applied to that Service is Five Half-penny; and to complete them by Contract will Pounds per Cent. of the Sum voted for the Seamen; a be a Saving to the Public of Thirty-six thousand Fund that bears no certain Proportion to the Expence; Nine hundred and Twelve Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, it has never been sufficient during the late War; the and Three Pence. — The Price at which Timber and C 160,000. Deficiency in One Year was Two hundred and Sixty other Materials are supplied, and different Species of thousand Pounds; and this has been one of the Sources Work in the Building Branch are executed, has been of the Accumulation of the Debt. reduced in consequence of this Regulation.

As the Office of Ordnance supplies the Navy, as In our Enquiry relative to the Article of Gun-well as the Army, with every Article the Service re- pow'der, we find, that the principal Deposit in this

quires from that Department, it seems as proper that Part of the Kingdom, for the Gunpowder belonging

the Estimate should contain, and the Sum granted to Government, is at Purfleet; it consists of five upon it include, the Demand for the one Service as Magazines, placed at the Distance of Fifty-eight Feet for the other: It may be as easily computed, and ren- from each other: The Quantity of Gunpowder in ders the Estimate more uniform and complete. No Store, according to the last Return of the Officers good reason occurs why, in the Formation of a Fund there, was Thirty-five thousand Four hundred and for a particular Service, a Portion of it should be Six Barrels, containing One hundred Pounds each;

borrowed from a Sum voted in a different Estimate and Seven thousand Two hundred and Fifty-two

for a different Service: It serves only to render the Half Barrels; that is, Three millions Nine hundred Account complicate, without any advantage to arise and Three thousand Two hundred Pounds of Gun-from it powder; and, should any one of these Magazines

The Estimate should not only include every fore- take Fire, it is hardly possible but they must all be seen and probable Expence, and every Ordnance Ser- blown up together. Reflecting upon the Consequences vice; but the Services should be distinguished and that must inevitably attend such an Explosion, we are ranged, as far as possible without becoming too mi- of Opinion, that the Danger arising from the Situa-nute, under defined Heads, that the House of Com- tion and Circumstances of these Magazines, is an mons may be enabled to form a previous Judgment Object that demands the immediate Attention of the upon the Propriety of each Service, and upon the Legislature.

Quantum of the Sum required for it. It is much The Application to the Treasury for Money, by the easier to prevent the incurring an Expence, than to Board of Ordnance, is made every Month, for such a refuse to allow it after it is incurred. There can be Portion of the Total Compound Sum applicable to the little Difficulty in forming an accurate and perfect Service, as is stated in the Monthly Estimate formed Estimate, adapted to the ordinary Occasions of the by the Clerk of the Ordnance, for the Use of the Service: The Officer may judge, almost to a Cer- Commissioners of the Treasury. The Money is issued tainty, from the Experience of former Years (inde- to the Treasurer of the Ordnance, and remains in his pendent of such sudden Emergencies as are beyond Hands until the Instruments directing the Payments Vol. 40. are

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts,

£.68,623. n*

£.52,680. 14.

£ 5‘

N° 33-

N° 34.35.

£55.057- 8. £.36,91*. 15. 3,

N* 36.

*00%te

120

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

11° Junii.

A. 1784.

are produced to him by the Persons entitled: After tractor understands, at the Time he makes his Terms, his Resignation, the Board continue to direct him to that, without an express Stipulation, he is not to be make Payments, until his Balance is nearly exhausted; paid ready Money for the Articles he supplies, or the and when his final Account is settled, he pays what Service he performs, but must wait until he comes in remains in his Hands to his Successor: Hence, in a Turn, after those Creditors are satisfied whose Dequick Succession of Treasurers, many Balances are ex- mands are of a prior Date: He knows too, that there isting at the same Time in the Hands of different stands before him a long List of unsatisfied Arrears; Treasurers, many different Accounts are open and and he can form no Judgment to what Period the incarrying on together; there are at this Time Four creasing Emergencies of the State may protract his Accounts of Treasurers open for Payments. Payment. He is to be allowed no Interest for his

Uniformity in the Course and Modes of transacting Debt; and his Debenture will be for a Sum so great the Business of the Public ought to be introduced as to be out of the Reach of common Purchasers, and pursued, as far as is practicable, in similar Under these Circumstances, in order to secure to him-Offices: It causes the 'Intercourse between Offices self a fair and reasonable Profit upon his Contract, he connected to be carried on with greater Ease and Ex- must calculate what will be the Value at Market of pedition, and facilitates the Means of acquiring offi- the Security he is to receive for his Debt; and he cial Knowledge to those Persons who pass through calculates this Value, not at the Price those 'Securi-the different Departments of the State to the high ties bear at that Time, or have borne at any preceding Stations of Administration; and thus, when a Regu- Period, but according to the lowest Price to which lation is clearly of general Utility, it should be ex- the declining State of Public Credit may depress tended to every Office, the Constitution and Objects them: Agreeable to such an Estimate, he frames the of which will admit of the Application. The Legis- Terms of his Proposals; and thus is Government lature have established important Regulations in the compelled to purchase, at an extravagant Rate, those Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Articles that are essential to the Defence and Security Forces; Regulations suggested by us to be equally of the Kingdom. Public Credit is depressed by the applicable to the Office of Treasurer of the Navy, Number of its Securities at Market; and we see the and which, in the Judgment we have formed upon Return, without the Blessings, of Peace. The Ord-this present Enquiry, may, with equal Propriety, be nance Debentures have been lately at a Discount of extended to the Office of Treasurer of the Ord- Thirty-three per Cent. It is a Disgrace to a Nation, nance. to suffer the Demands upon them to be brought to

The Commissioners of the Treasury, whose Duty it Market so depreciated, as to be sold at a Price fixed is to guard the Public Treasure both against super- by the Courtesy of the Purchaser, and accepted from fluousand improvident Issues, should, before they direct the Necessity of the Public Creditor, any Issue, have Knowledge of the Sum remaining It is the Part of a wise and faithful Government to unapplied in the Hands of the Officer soliciting the guard against these Mischiefs in their future Con-Issue, and of the Services for which the Supply is re- tracts. The cheapest of all Bargains, in public as in quired: The Defects in the Annual Estimate for the private Life, is that made with ready Money. If Ordnance Service manifestly shew, that the Monthly prompt Payment be impracticable, a stated Time of Estimate, formed in the Beginning of the Year, upon Payment, strictly kept, is the next eligible Method; a Conjecture what Services will arise, and what Sums and, last of all, an Allowance of Interest, according will be wanted, in every successive Month of that Year, to the current Value of Money, punctually paid, upon can riever convey to the Commissioners of the Treasury Securities easily negociable.

the accurate Knowledge they ought to possess previous Ordnance Debentures are' frequently made out for to the Direction of every Issue; and, therefore, we the Amount of the Demands, and, containing large are of Opinion, that in every Memorial presented to Sums with Fractions, are negociated with Difficulty the Commissioners of the Treasury for a Supply of and Loss: To give them that Facility of Circulation, Money for the Service of the Ordnance, the Total which, for the Credit of the State, ought to attend all Sum remaining unapplied in the Hands, or on the their Securities, the Fractions should be paid to the Account, of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, ought to Creditor in Cash, and the integral Sum distributed be inserted, together with the Services that are the into Debentures or Bills for even Sums, not exceeding Ground, of the Requisition. Two hundred Pounds each, and made transferable

The Legislature have transferred the Custody of with as little Formality as India Bonds or Exchequer the Cash for the Army Services from the Paymaster Bills; and by that Means they will bear an equal General to the Bank of England, upon the solid Value in the Market. These Regulations extended Ground of preventing the Possibility of an Accumu- to every Board intrusted with the Public Expendi-lation of Public Money in the Hands of Public Offi- ture, will enable them to treat upon Terms more facers; This provident Regulation should be universal; vourable to the Public, and tend to the Attainment it should be extended to every Office capable of ad- of that great Object, so needful in every Department mitting it. The Effects flowing from the Want of of the State, a frugal Administration of the Public it are still felt by the Public: Sums liquidated, long Revenue. To carry Regulations of this Kind into issued, unapplied, subject to no Demand for Public Execution requires an efficient Fund: It supposes Service, are not yet restored to the Possession and Use that the Produce of the Revenue shall keep Pace, at of Government: We are therefore of Opinion, that all least, with the Expenditure; it supposes a State of the Money for the Service of the Ordnance should be Affluence. That the Nation may be restored to such issued to the Bank of England, and placed to the Ac- a State, it is the Duty of every individual Subject to count of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, subject only to lend his Assistance, to the Extent of his Abilities: his Drafts upon the Governor and Company of the Private Opulence is equal to the Task; Public Jus-Bank of England, for Ordnance Services; and that, tice and Public Credit demand the Exertion: A wise upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of every and frugal Management on the Part of Government, Treasurer* of the Ordnance, the Balance on the Credit and a Submission to the Payment of productive Taxes of his Account should, upon the Appointment of a on the Part of the Subject, will accomplish this Successor, vest in, and be carried over to the Account necessary End.

of, such Successor. It is unnecessary for us to urge the Propriety of

The Terms upon which the Contracts are made proceeding to a speedy Examination into the volumi-relative to the Payment of the Debentures in Course, nous Lists 6f Sub-Accountants, that swell the official are not the most beneficial to the Public: The Con- Accounts of every Treasurer of the Ordnance, in

every

24 Geo. III. x i° junii. i 2 x

every Year: We need not repeat the Reasons we have given, in our Reports upon the Pay Offices of the Navy and Army, for liquidating the like Accounts between the Government and the Subject existing in those Offices. The Board of Ordnance have it in Contemplation to call upon the Sub-Accountants to clear their Imprests; and for this Purpose, by their Order dated the 22d of January last, they have directed the Clerk of the Ordnance to prepare for them a List of the Imprests remaining in force, and of the Debts due to the Ordnance.

That most useful and necessary Regulation, the Abolition of ail Fees, Gratuities, and Rewards, and the Substitution of certain fixed Salaries in their Stead, being, adopted in the Office of Ordnance, and estate. Wished by His Majesty’s Warrant of the 24th of June 1783, before alluded to (with the Exceptions therein mentioned) we are relieved from any Enquiry into the Quantum and Sources of the Profits of the several Officers employed in this extensive Department. In the Establishment annexed to, and carried into Execution by, that Warrant, a Salary is appointed to each Office; and the annual Amount of them, together, £ 34457* 1. 6. is Thirty-four thousand Four hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds, One Shilling, and Six Pence.

In every Office, those Persons who preside, and are intrusted with the superintending Power and Controul over the Whole, having full Knowledge of the Business allotted to each Division, are the proper Judges what Number of Officers and Ministers are necessary, and what Industry and Talents are requisite, for the Performance of every Branch of the Duty: It must rest upon their Judgment and Fidelity to the Public, that neither the N umber nor Salaries exceed the Demands of the Service. Before this Regulation was in force, Fees aOd Gratuities, under the Sanction of Custom, were paid by the Contractor in various Stages of his Transaction with the Office, from the procuring his Contract to his Payment by Debenture: A Contract for the Hire of a Ship of Seven hundred Tons Twenty Months in the Service, cost the Contractor, in Agency, Fees, and Gratuities, Three hundred and Eighty-two Pounds. One per Cent. the customary a, 180,396. Poundage for Agency only, upon Two Millions One N#2i. hundred and Eighty thousand Three hundred and Ninety-six Pounds, the Amount of the Freight, is £.*1,803. Twenty-one thousand Eight hundred and Three Pounds. Whatever Saving accrues from this Regulation is Gain to the Public; for the Contractor, to insure his Profit, will charge it in its fullest Extent to the Account of the Public.

This Regulation is a Part of that System of Occo-nomy that ought to be extended to every Revenue Department, whether of Receipt or Expenditure. The Exertion of the Authority of the superior Officer, vested in him by virtue of his Office, with His Majesty’s Approbation and Confirmation, has effected it in the Ordnance: Were the same Steps taken in other Offices, the same End would be attained: There is hardly any Office but possesses the like Powers, lodged either with the supreme Officer or a Board; and, should any Defect or Obstruction check the Exercise of the Power, the Legislature can lend their Aid. The Utility of the Regulation has the Sanction, not only of high Authority, in the Instance before us, but of the declared Sense of the Legislature, by their establishing it in the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces.

It appears from this Enquiry, that the Auditor of the Imprest is employed upon the Ordnance, as upon the Navy and other Accounts that have been before us, in little more than comparing different Entries of the same Sums, and examining the Formality of Vouchers, and the Accuracy of Computations and Castings: Those Circumstances of the Account in which the Interest of the Nation is the most mate-Vol. 40.

rially concerned, the Terms of the Contract, find the Twtlfifi Fidelity of the Execution, are not within his Reach: Report The Board of Ordnance alone are intrusted to decide accouqu upon them; and, upon the Authority of the Signature of the Board Officers, he admits, the Voucher for an Expenditure to be true in every Circumstance, except in those which, being considered as the least important, are usually committed to the Care of inferior Clerks.

This Account first undergoes, in the Office of Ordnance, an Examination similar to that given to it by the Auditor of the Imprest: Every Article is checked by the proper Officer; and the final Examination of the Ledger with the Vouchers is made by the Board previous to their Signature: A Second Examination of the same Kind, in another Office, at the Expence to the Public of Three hundred and Ten Pounds a Year, the customary Fee ta the Auditor for the Business transacted by him, seems to be of no Use; and, therefore, we are of Opinion, that auditing the Accounts of the Treasurer of the Ordnance in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, is an unnecessary Expence to the Public, and ought to be discontinued; that, after those Accounts have been fully examined by the Board of Ordnance, the Articles should be ranged under distinct and separate Heads of Service, and the Accounts reduced into the official Form, by the Treasurer of the Ordnance, and by him passed through the necessary Offices of the Exchequer.

HAVING, in Conformity to the express Directions of the Legislature, enquired into, and included in our Reports upon the Offices in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, and upon the Pay Offices of the Navy and Army, an Account of the Profits and Emoluments accnjing to the several Officers and Ministers in those Departments, we directed our Attention to the same Object in the Office of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest: We required from them an exact State of the Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities received or to be received by the Officers and Clerks in their Offices, for Business transacted therein during the Year 17S3, together with an Account of the Fees claimed by such Officers and Clerks, for the several Species of Business.

Five Accounts were transmitted to us pursuant to this Requisition, and are inserted in the Appendix:

Two of them contain the Gross and Nett Amount of N°37, 38. the Salaries and Fees received by each of the Two Auditors themselves in the Year 1783; Two of them, N°39>4°-the Amount of the Salaries, Fees, Allowances, and Gratuities received by the Deputies and Clerks in each of the Two Offices in the same Year; the Fifth is an 41. Account of the Fees and Gratuities claimed by the Officers and Clerks on the several Species of Business transacted in these Offices.

From these Accounts, and from the Examination N*42. of Charles Harris, Esquire, One of the Deputy Auditors of the Imprest; we learn what are the Establishments in the Two Divisions of the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty’s Imprest, and by what Means they are supported.

One of these Divisions consists of the Auditor, One Deputy, Nine Clerks, Eight Extra Clerks, and a Messenger: The other, of the Auditor, Two Deputies, Eight Clerks, Eight Extra Clerks, an Office Keeper, and a Messenger.

Since the Beginning of the Year 1781, the Establishments and Number of Extra Clerks in each Division have been increased, for the Purpose of bringing up and completing the Arrears of Business in the Office. The Deputies, and all the Clerks and Officers, are in the Appointment of the Auditor; to all of them he pays Salaries, and to some of them he adds Allowances, out of his Fees and Payments, for I i Extr*

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

Jft

£. 19, Sot. t6.

£.3,578. 1*. £- 16,130. 4.

£ >M°9- 9-£. 3,036. 6.

£ 16.37J. 3-

£ 3.973- »* £ 3.049. »*<

13$ 11° Junii. 1784.

Extra Work. The deputies receive all the Profits of out of his Profits; and Nine hundred and Twenty* £ m-13. ?.

the Office, and account to the Auditors and Clerks for three Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence,

their Shares. The whole Expence of the Office is in Fees and Gratuities: This last Sum being added

defrayed by the Auditor. to the Gross Receipt of the Auditor, makes the Total

The Profits of the Auditors arise from Salaries and Expence of the Office Twenty thousand Seven hun- £.*0,731. «o. 1, Fees. The Salaries are inconsiderable; One hundred dred and Thirty-two Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Marks granted to each in the Letters Patent by One Penny. The Amount of the Payments to the which he holds his Office, payable out of the Ex- Deputies and Clerks in the other Office was Three £. 3,489.9. j. chequer; and certain other small Salaries, the Whole thousand Four hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds, amounting to about One hundred Pounds a Year to Nine Shillings, and Eight Pence; of which Two £.1,619. * 7. each of them. His Fees depend upon the Accounts thousand Six hundred and Nineteen Pounds, Eight audited, and the Inrolment of Public Instruments in Shillings, and Seven Pence, was Part of the Profits of the the Office. In the Ordinary Accounts, the Fees upon Auditor; and Eight hundred and Seventy Pounds, £.*70.1.*. Some of them are a certain Payment upon each Ac- One Shilling, and One Penny, arose from Fees and count, whatever may be the Amount of the Sum ac- Gratuities; which, added to tl)e Gross Receipt of the Counted for; upon others of them the Quantum of Auditor, increases the Total Expence of that Office to

the Fee bears a certain Proportion to the Sum in tire Twenty thousand Two hundred and Seventy-nine £ »®.*79- «.

Account; but for the Army Account he receives Pounds, Eleven Shillings.

both a fixed Sum for each Year’s Account, and also a Hence it appears, that in the Year 1783, the Gross certain Sum for each Troop and Company tire Pay of Sum received by all the Officers and Clerks in the which is contained therein. The Fees upon Extraor- Two Divisions of this Office, was Forty-one thousand £-4*.o»»- i. i. dinary Accounts are uncertain; they are in Propor- and Twelve Pounds, One Shilling, and One Penny; tion to the Length and Period of the Account, and the Nett Profits of the Two Auditors was Thirty-two £ 3*>6°3- 7- 4. the Trouble it gives to the Office. The Fees for In- thousand Six hundred and Three Pounds, Seven Shil-

rolments are small Payments, according to a Table long lings, and Four Pence; and of tire Deputies and

established in the Office. The Fees to the Auditor are, Clerks, Seven thousand Four hundred and Sixty-three £ 7*463-«. 9.

except some of those arising from Inrolments, all at Pounds, One Shilling, and Nine Pence; and the the Expence of the Public; for the Auditor inserts Whole of that Gross Sum (except a Part of about them, and they are allowed in the Discharge of the Four hundred Pounds, the usual Amount of Fees £ 400-Accountant. from Inrolments; and aPart of One thousand Seven £.1,793.14.1

The Authority upon which the Auditor grounds his hundred and Ninety-three Pounds, Fourteen Shillings,

Right to Fees, is either the Warrant of the Lord High and Eight Pence, the Amount of the Fees and Gratuities

Treasurer Godolphinin the Year 1704, alluded to in our paid to the Deputies and Clerks; neither of which

last Report, which ascertains the Fees to be taken by Parts can be easily ascertained) was a Charge upon the

him for auditing most of the Ordinary Accounts subject Public.

to his Cognizance; or otherwise the Royal Sign Manual, But neither of the Auditors consider the Sums or the Treasury Warrant, allowing the Fee craved by stated in the Accounts of their own Salaries and Fees, him in his Memorial to the Treasury, for auditing any as properly the Profits of the Year 1783, though reparticular Account ceived in that Year; they represent them as swelled

The Deputies, besides the Salaries paid to them by to an unusual Magnitude, by the extraordinary Iu-the Auditor, receive Fees and Gratuities. The Fees are dustry and Exertions of the Officers and Clerks, in certain known Sums upon certain particular Accounts, clearing away, in that Year, the Arrears of Ac-grounded upon Usage in the Office; some of these are counts of former Years: For these Arrears, the one inserted in the Accountant’s Bill of Incidents, and con- deducts Seven thousand Eight hundred and Forty- £ 7.844- '1- * sequently paid by the Public. The Gratuities are volun- four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Six Pence, tary Donations by the Accountants, but limited to such and reduces his clear Profits for the ordinary annual Sums as the Deputy understands to have been usually Business of the Year 1783. to Eight thousand Three £ *>3®r- * *

S'veil upon auditing Accounts of the same or a similar hundred and Eighty-five Pounds, Six Shillings, and Ascription. Six Pence; the other deducts Eight thousand Six hun- £.8,647. >* i-

The Clerks have, over and above their Salaries, dred and Forty-seven Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and for some Accounts certain Payments; for others a Three Pence, and reduces his clear Profits to Seven certain Proportion out of the Fees to the Auditor; thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, £-7»7*s- »* -

they are allowed likewise by him Sums for ingrossing, Eleven Shillings, and One Penny,

and for Extra Business; and have Gratuities from In- The Year 1783, then, being a Year of extraor-

dividuals. dinary Diligence, the Profits of that Year was no Rule

By the Accounts before us, it appears, that in the by which we could form a Judgment of the general Year 1783 the Gross Receipt of one of the Auditors Annual Profits arising from this Office; and therefore 6. was Nineteen thousand Eight hundred and Eight we required from the Auditors an Account of the Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Six Pence; the Ex- Annual Gross and Nett Receipt of the Profits of their 6. pences of his Office Three thousand Five hundred Offices, for the Five Years preceding tire Year 1783.

and Seventy-eight Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and The Returns to this Requisition are inserted in the — Six Pence; and his Nett Receipt Sixteen thousand Appendix; in one of them, tire Average Nett Re- n*43-44-Two hundred and Thirty Pounds, Four Shillings: ceipt is Six thousand and Twenty-four Pounds, Eight £.6,0*4.8. * '* Of the other Auditor the 'Gross Receipt was Nine- Shillings, and Eight Pence; in the other, Six thou- £-6,964.7- teen thousand Four hundred and Nine Pounds, Nine sand Nine hundred and Sixty-four Pounds, Seven 7> Shillings, and Eleven Pence; his Expences Three Shillings, and Six Pence; to which, if One Fifth of thousand and Thirty-six Pounds, Six Shillings, and the Profits be added from the Arrears received in the 4- Seven Pence; and his Nett Receipt Sixteen thousand Year 1783, supposing them to be the Arrears of those

Three hundred and Seventy-three Pounds, Three Five Years, the one Sum will be increased to Seven 7.593- * * Shillings, and Four Pence. The Payments to the thousand Five hundred and Ninety-three Pounds, Eight Deputies and Clerks in the First Office amounted to Shillings, and Two Pence; and the other to Eight *' Three thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-three thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three Pounds, Seven- £-8,693- >7* Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and One Penny; of which teen Shillings, and ElevenPence.

Three thousand and Forty-nine Pounds, Eighteen In the Progress of our Enquiry into the Manner

Shillings, and Six Pence, was paid by the Auditor in which the Public Accounts are audited in this

9 Office,

24 Geo. III. H°

Office, we have wot been able to discover, from those which have hitherto come under our Consideration, any solid Advantage derived to the Public from the Examination given to them by the Auditor of the Imprest; and, for that Reason, we have suggested the Propriety of exempting them from his Jurisdiction, and the urgent Necessity of relieving the Nation from so heavy, and, to all Appearance; so unnecessary an Expence,

The Account of the Fees and Gratuities claimed by him, and his Officers and Clerks, and his Certificate of the Accounts depending in his Office, transmitted every Half Year to the King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer, exhibit a Number and Variety of other Accounts, subject to his Cognizance, to which our Enquiry has not yet been extended; and therefore, how far the Security of the Public may require the Intervention of the Auditor, to establish the Truth and Accuracy of those Accounts, we can form no Judgment: But we have proceeded far enough to warrant our Opinion upon the Propriety and Necessity of introducing into this Office the Regulation we have so frequently had Occasion to enforce in relation to other Offices.

The Office before us is an Office of Controul: It is insrituted as a Check upon the Public Accounts: The Allowance of the Auditor being necessary to every Article both of the Receipt and Expenditure, the State of the Account, as between the Public and the Accountant, must continue unknown till the Balance is ascertained by the Auditor at the Completion of his Examination; and, consequently, that Balance, however great it may be, if in Favour of the Public, remains with the Accountant, if in Favour of the Accountant, remains with the Public, until that Period. Hence it may be the Interest of the Accountant to purchase, at a high Price, either Delay or Expedition in passing his Accounts; and, should an Officer be corrupt, the Permission to receive Fees and Gratuities is an obvious Method to obtain it; and, therefore, we are of Opinion, that the Payment of Fees and Gratuities by the Person accounting, however confined by Usage as to the Quantum, is a Mode ill adapted to the Constitution of this Office, and to the Nature of the Business there transacted.

We do not say, or mean to insinuate, that we have discovered any Instance of such Abuse in this Office; but the Mode is open to it; and a wise Government does not wait for the Mischief: It guards, as far as human Prudence can guard, against the Possibility of the Evil; it prevents or removes the Temptation.

But there is another, and still more weighty Reason for a Reform in the Mode of defraying the Expence9 of this Office.

The Service of the presiding Officer bears no Proportion to the Magnitude of his Profits. A Deputy Auditor tells us, in his Examination annexed to our Eighth Report, -that the whole Business of the Office is transacted by the Deputy and Clerks; from the Year 1745 until the Year 1781, that is for Thirty-six Years, he did not recollect that the Principal ever executed any Part of it: To him, therefore, it was a perfect Sinecure. The Business of the Office is of the same Kind now it was then; the Quantity is increased; and that Increase requires an Addition to the Number of Clerks; but it does not make the Intervention of the principal Officer more necessary; the Whole of the Business is properly the Labour of Clerks only; and, therefore, though the present Auditors have paid an Attention beyond their Predecessors, by regulating their Offices, accelerating the Public Accounts, and bringing up the Arrears, yet, should Men less active hereafter fill these Stations, they may again sink into Sinecures, and excessive Vol. 40.

Junii. 125

Stipends be paid every Year to Officers unprofitable to the Public. In the Year 1782, One of these Officers received Nett Sixteen thousand Five hundred and Sixty-five Pounds, Eight Shillings and Eight Pence: the other, Ten thousand Three hundred

and Thirty-one Pounds, Five Shillings, and Eleven Pence: In the Year 1783/the one received Nett Sixteen thousand Two hundred and Thirty Pounds, Four Shillings; the other, Sixteen thousand Three hundred and Seventy-three Pounds, Three Shillings, and Four Pence.

The Public cannot afford to maintain Officers of any Description at such an Expence. This Nation is in Debt above Two hundred and Thirty Millions: It raises every Year, to pay the Interest and Charges attending that Debt, above Eight millions Seven hundred thousand Pounds; of which above Nineteen thousand Eight hundred Pounds, the Bank Fee alone, is to be paid every Year to these Officers, for Business from whence the Public derive no Benefit; and should additions be made this Year to the Public Debt, unless the Legislature will interpose their Authority, these Fees of Office will have their Addition likewise: The Profits of the Auditors of the Imprest rise in Proportion to the Increase of the Public Distress. Upon these Reasons we ground our Opinion, that the Public Good requires that all Fees and Gratuities in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest should be forthwith abolished; that the Profit of the Auditors themselves should be reduced to a reasonable Standard; and that every Officer and Clerk in the said Office should be paid, by the Public, a certain fixed Annual Salary, in Proportion to his Rank and Employment, in lieu of all Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities whatsoever: And we continue to adhere to the Opinion we have stated in our last Report, seeing no Reason to depart from it, That no Right is vested in the Auditor, either by the Letters Patent by which he holds his Office, or by Usage, that can be opposed to this Reduction and Regulation.

Office of Accounts, T. Anguish, (l.s.)

Surrey Street, A. Piggott, (l.s.)

June 8th, 1784. Richd Neave, (l.s.)

Samf Beachcroft, (l.s.)

Geo. Drummond, (l.s.)

Will* Roe. (l.s.)

APPENDIX.

N* 1.

The Examination of Charles Harris, Esquire, Deputy Auditor of the Imprest; taken upon Oath, the 8th and 22d December 1783.

THIS Examinant sakh, That Two Accounts of the Ordnance were passed for the Year 1780; the First by John Ross Mackye, Esquire, Treasurer and Paymaster of the Ordnance, from the 1st January to the 16th December; the other by William Adam, Esquire,* from thence to the End of the Year.

The Ordnance is One of those Offices, the Accounts of which the Auditor of the Imprest is impowered to audit, by the Letters Patent by which he holds his Office. An Account contains the Receipts and Payments of a Year, unless where there have been more Treasurers in the Year than One; in which Case each makes up an Account for such Part of the Year as he has been Treasurer. The Accounts are usually delivered into the Office of the Auditor within the

Yeef

£* 16,565.

£10,331. 5. 11.

16,130. 4.

£. 16.373. 3. 4.

£. 130,000,000.

£. 8,700,000.

£ »».*

Twelfth Kepurt oil Public Accounts.

124

Year after the Period of the Account. — The Treasurer of the Ordnance transmits to the Auditor a Ledger, containing a complete Account of all his Receipts and Payments during the Period of the Account, with an Abstract of the Account at the End — The Charge contains the Balance on the last Account, the Imprest from the Exchequer, the Voluntary Charge, and the Imprest Vacated within the Time of the Account — The Discharge contains the Payments by Debentures, for the various Services of the Ordnance: All the Payments are made by Debenture, except those upon the Quarter Books, and the Fees to the Auditors of the Imprest, and to the Chief Baron of the Exchequer — The Imprest Charge is vouched by an Imprest Roll — The Voluntary Charge is signed by Three or more of the principal Officers; and the Auditor admits it upon the Authority of that Signature — The Account of the Imprests vacated is likewise signed by Three or more of the principal Officers; but as all Persons to whom Money has been imprested must either have been returned Insuper in former Accounts, or inserted in the List of Imprests in the Account depending, the Auditor compares these imprest Sums with the Entries of the same Sums in the preceding Account, or in the Account under Examination, and writes them off as cleared, either in the Whole or in Part, in the Margin of the preceding Account, or in the Margin of the Account depending — The Vouchers for the Discharge, transmitted with the Ledger, are the Quarter Books and the Debentures: The Quarter Books are of Two Kinds; the one relates to the Officers in the Military Branch, the other to those in the Civil Branch — The Quarter Book contains the Title of the

1 i 0 Juni

A. 1784.

Baron of the Exchequer the 6th of November fol-

lowing.

T. Anguish,

Rich4 Neave,

Sam1 Btackcrofty Geo. Drummond\ Wiltm Roc.

Chat Han'is.

N* 2.

The Examination of Cuthb&'t Fisher, Esquire, Chief Clerk to the Treasurer and Paymaster of the Board of Ordnance; taken upon Oath, December 10th and 23d 1783.

This Examinant saith, That he is Chief Clerk to the Treasurer and Paymaster of the Board of Ordnance: he has been in the Office about Twenty-seven Years, and Chief Clerk about Nine Years. — The Business of this Office is to receive and pay all Monies on Account of the Ordnance. The Estimate for the Service of the Year is made out by the Board, and voted by ParliamentThe Board generally once a Month apply, by Memorial, to the Treasury for a Portion of the Sum voted; — The Treasury direct the Issue as is convenient to them, and the Treasurer receives it at the Exchequer. The Sums imprested from the Exchequer are either for the Land Service, the Sea Service, or Exceedings; but the Treasurer make9 no Distinction of these Receipts in his Ledger — he has only One Cash Account. The Voluntary Charge consists of Sums received of Persons for the Defi-

Office, and the Sum due for the Quarters Pay, Sa- ciency of Stores entrusted to them, and various other

lary, or Allowance, and the Signature either of the Officer or his Assignee; which is the Receipt — The Account of each Quarterly Payment in the Ledger is signed by Three or more of the principal Officers; which is the Authority for the Rate of the Allowance — The Debentures are sent to the Auditor in Bundles,

Purposes. The Board send to the Treasurer an Order, specifying the Sum to be paid by each Person, and for what particular Service; and no Article in this Charge is received without such an Order. The Imprest Articles are Sums deducted out of Sums contained in Debentures, and are entered in the Margin

with a List to each Bundle, containing the Name of of the Debenture: — When the Debenture is pro-

the Person to whom the Debenture is due, the Sum due* and the Number of the Debenture — Each Debenture contains the Sum due, the Person to whom, the Service, and whether for Land or Sea, and the Rate of Computation — It must be signed either by the Master General, or by Three of the principal Officers — This Debenture, indorsed by the Person entitled, or his Assignee, is the Voucher to the Auditor, who examines the Computation, and compares the Sum with the Entry in the List and in the Ledger. — The Auditor has nothing to do either with the Value of the Materials or the Execution of the Service — The Auditor, in the Official Account, ranges the Payments in an Order different from that in the Ledger: In theriatter they are distinguished under the Heads of Land and Sea Service only; but the Auditor disposes them under various Heads of Service, as has been customary in that Office. — The Auditor, in his Account, charges the Treasurer with the Total

duced for Payment, the Treasurer pays the Person entitled the Balance due to him; but he credits himself for the whole Sum in the Debenture, and charge* himself for the Imprest Vacated — and that forms his Imprest Charge. The Exchequer Imprest, the Voluntary Charge, and the Imprest Vacated, are the only Heads under which the Receipts are kept by the Treasurer in his Ledger. — The Sums paid by the Treasurer are either upon Debentures, Quarter Books, or Imprest. — The First Notice to the Treasurer, relative to the Payment of Debentures, is a Letter signed by Three of the principal Officers of the Board, of whom the Clerk of the Ordnance must be One, directing him to pay the Sums specified to the Persons therein named, with the Date of the Debenture, and whether for Land or Sea Service: These Letters are entered in a Book called the Debenture Order Book. — When the Debenture is produced for Payment, it is examined with the Entry in that Book. — Every Quar-Sum remaining Insuper at the Foot of the preceding ter a List of the Letters of Payment received during

Account; and in the Discharge gives him Credit for so much of the same Sum as is not cleared, with the Addition of the Sum imprested by him during the Time of the Account: In this Discharge the Sum remaining Insuper consists of the Totals issued by the several Treasurers of the Ordnance, ever since the Year 1673, to the End of the Account depending, and not cleared — After the Balance is agreed between the Auditor and the Treasurer, the Abstract in the Ledger is signed by the Treasurer, and attested on Oath by him before One of the Barons of the Exchequer — The Account of Mr. Machye, for Part of the Year 1780, was declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer

the Quarter is made out, containing the date of each Debenture, the Number, the Person, and the Sum; they are ranged under the Heads of Land and Sea Service, and cast up to a Total, and what remains unpaid is deducted. This List is sent, with the Letters of Payment, to the Board: The List is signed by Three Officers, of whom the Clerk of the Ordnance must be One, and returned to the Treasurer, and sent by him, with the Debentures and Ledger, to the Auditor. A Debenture is a Declaration by the Board of the Sum due to any Person, and for what Service, and whether payable out of Money for Land or Sea

Service, with the Date; it is signed by Three of the 7th September 1782, and before the Lord Chief the principal Officers, of whom the Clerk of the

Ordnance

24 Geo. III. ti°

Ordnance must be One. — The Endorsement of the Person receiving is the Receipt. For the Payment of Artificers for Stores delivered and Services performed, a List of the Debentures, similar to the Lists above mentioned, but signed' by the Clerk of the Ordnance only, is sent to the Treasurer, without any Letters of Payment, and he pays them pursuant to such List. The Quarter Books are of Two Kinds — the Military and the Civil Branch: — The first contains the Engineers only; the latter, all other Officers upon the Establishment, not paid by Debenture. — Every Quarter the Board sends to the Treasurer Two Lists, the one of the Military, the other of the Civil Branch, containing the Names of the Officers, their respective Offices, and the Sums to be paid to them for Allowances and Wages, signed in like Manner by Three Board Officers. The Signature of the Person receiving is the Discharge. — The Imprests are issued pursuant to Orders of the Board, signed in like Manner, specifying the Person, the Sum, and sometimes for what Service. — The Money for the Payment of the Artillery is imprested Monthly to the Agent for the Artillery; his Account is passed by the Surveyor General.

Cuth. Fisher.

T. Anguish,

JiiclA Neave,

Sam! Beackcroft,

Geo. Drummond\

Will" Roe.

N- 3.

The Examination of Cuthbert Fishery Esquire; taken upon Oath, 17th February, 24th and 26th March, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That the Account of Imprests paid, entered in the Ledger, contains all the Sums issued by way of Imprest during the Period of the Account; it is signed at the End by all the Board Officers; the Treasurer does not produce the Imprest Bills to the Auditor of the Imprest, he retains them in his own Office until they are vacated by Debentures, after which they are deposited in the White Tower. — When Money is directed for the Payment of Debentures payable in Course, it is immediately advertised, which is Notice to the Holders of those Debentures: No particular Notice is given to the Holders of Ready Money Debentures, but a List of them, as well as of the Debentures in Course, is hung up in the Hall. — Whatever Money is directed by the Board to be paid, the Treasurer takes Credit for that Sum, and omits it in his next Cash Account laid before the Board; but at the End of the Year, should any Part of it be unpaid, he gives Credit to the Public for that Sum, when he makes up the Account of the Year: This Sum has never been considerable, for it is very seldom that Debentures in Course of Payment continue long without being produced to the Treasurer.

When a Treasurer resigns, the Board continue to direct him to make Payments, until his Cash is nearly exhausted; and when he makes up his final Account, the Board direct him to pay over the Balance in his Hands to his Successor. — The Money imprested from the Exchequer is placed to the Account of the Treasurer at the Bank; his First Clerk, by virtue of a

Power of Attorney from him, draws it from thence

/ 7

as he thinks proper — he generally pays by Drafts upon his Banker. After the Ledger is completed, it is first examined with the Vouchers in the Treasurers Office, it is then examined by the Board in like Manner with the Vouchers, and compared at the same Time with the Entries of the same Sums in the Vo j^40.

'unii. 12$

Books of the Clerk of the Ordnance; after which the Twelfth several Parts are signed by the Board, and the Ledger RcP°rt is then transmitted to the Auditor of the Imprest — he Accounts never remembers any other Queries from the Auditor, but for Errors of the Clerks, which were easily and immediately corrected. The original Ledger is made out by the Treasurer from the Vouchers; he makes Tw o Copies of it, one of which he keeps in his own Office, the other is kept in the Office of the Clerk of the Ordnance; all of them are signed by the Board. —

The Fees he pays at the Exchequer are Thirty Shillings per Thousand Pounds, which are deducted at the Time of the Receipt. As the Board continue to draw upon the Treasurer after he is out of Office, until his Balance is reduced, it frequently happens that the Accounts of several Treasurers are open at the same Time. Four Accounts of Treasurers are now open for Payments.

Cuth. Fisher.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam! Beachcrofty Geo. Drumimndy Willm Roe.

4.

The Examination of John Boddinglon, Esquire, Secretary to the Board of Ordnance; taken upon Oath, January 12th, 14th, February 4th, 13th April 20th and 23d, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Secretary to the Board of Ordnance; he has been Forty-five Years in the Office of the Clerk of the Ordnance: In the Year 1763 he was appointed Chief Clerk in that Office; as such it was his Business to attend constantly at the Board, to lay before them such Letters and Papers as he received, and to take Minutes of their Proceedings. — In the Year 1777 the Title of Secretary to the Board was given, by Warrant to the First Clerk, without making any material Alteration in the Duty of the Office. — In January 1783 the Office of Secretary to the Board was taken from the Department of the Clerk of the Ordnance, and formed into a distinct Office, with Clerks subject to, and in the Appointment of, the Secretary. — As Chief Clerk in the Office of the Clerk of the Ordnance, it was his Duty to examine the Accounts of the Captains and Gunners of the Navy, relative to the Expenditure of the Ordnance and Stores delivered to them. This Branch is continued to the present Secretary. — All Contracts for Stores are made by the Board, sometimes in consequence of Advertisements and Proposals delivered in (in which Case the Board elect the lowest Terms, unless there is Reason to the contrary) sometimes in consequence of Proposals delivered in without Advertisements: The Contract is reduced into Form, and signed' by Three Board Officers, and the Contractor. — In general, the Persons who are to supply particular Kinds of Stores, or execute particular Branches of Business for the Ordnance, are appointed by the Master General; the Prices they are to receive are stated in Proposals delivered in by them; which Proposals are referred to, and regulated by, the Surveyor General, agreed to by a Minute of the Board, and entered in the Price Book.

The Board relies upon the Surveyor General that the Contract is executed according to the Terms. Before t he Year 1777 the Manner of procuring Ships for Freight was by Advertisement; in that Year a Su-perintendarit for Shipping was appointed, whose Duty it is to look out for such Ships as may Be wanted.

K k — Most

Twelfth Report on Public Account*.

%l6

— Most of the Ships that have been employed by the Ordnance since that Time have been procured by the Superintendant, who is answerable for their being fit for the Service: He produces the Owner of the Ship to the Board, and settles the Freight. — After the Ship is fitted out, the Superintendant, with a Clerk from the Surveyors Office, and with One from the Clerk of the Ordnance Office, take an Inventory, and settle the Value of the Ship, in case she should be lost or taken.

Where Government determines upon erecting a Fortification, an Engineer, in consequence of Directions from the Master General, forms a Project and Estimate; which is examined by the Chief Engineer, and if approved of by the King, is communicated to the Board by the Master General, who directs the Engineer to carry his Plan into Execution. — He receives Proposals for different Parts of the Work, and sends them to the Board for their Approbation; he procures Labourers himself, and settles their Wages, and superintends the Execution. — The Board, in the Beginning of the Year 1782, came to a Determination to advertise for the different Articles wanted in every Branch in the Ordnance Service, pursuant to the original Instructions to the Officers of the Ordnance; and this Resolution has been carried into Execution ever since. — An Engineer in England neither receives nor pays Money; the Storekeeper pays, in consequence of his Order, and passes his Account in the Surveyors Office. — The Engineer serving with the Army Abroad passes no Account in the Office of the Ordnance, for he receives no Money from the Ordnance.

Ever since he has been in the Ordnance, their Debentures have carried no Interest, unless by particular Agreement; it has been frequently recommended by the Board to the Treasury, that they should bear Interest: He believes the Discount upon these Debentures has been, at some Times during the Two last Years,

28 per Cent.

In every Agreement with the Board, either for Stores or Service, the Person Contracting understands that he is to be paid in Course, unless the Agreement specifies to the contrary. — The Plans for the Fortifications at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth are very extensive, and will occasion a great Expence — they are not yet njearly completed. — Estimates of the whole Expence for completing each of them, and keeping them in Repair, are at this Time in the Contemplation of the Master General.

In the Year 1775 a Contract for Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, for the Ordnance, was entered into by the Board of Ordnance with Thomas Fitzherbert, Esquire, to continue for Seven Years. — The Contractor is bound to find and provide for the Ordnance all such Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, as he should from Time to Time be required to find. — The Commander in, Chief regulates from Time to Time the Number wanted, the Board send the Requisition to the Contractor; hence, as Circumstances have varied, the Number of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, employed by the Ordnance, has been different; the first Number lhat was called for, was in the Year 1778, and many were continued, either upon Full Pay or Half Pay, until the End of the War.

The Contractor is to provide Forage for his Horses; but he is to be furnished from the King’s Magazines at the Rate of Six Pence the Ration; and the Conductors and Drivers are to find themselves with Provisions. — The Orduance agreed to allow 10 for every Horse killed or taken by the Enemy.

The Business of the Ordnance is conducted by the Master General and a Board — The Master General is appointed by Letters Patent. He has in himself the complete executive Power, and pan do any Act without the Intervention of the Board, except what

wii. A. 1784.

regards the Instruments for the Payment of Money; he may direct the Issue, but those Instruments must be signed by Three Officers of the Board, of whom, in some of them, the Lieutenant General and the Clerk of the Ordnance must be Two; in others, any Three of the Board are sufficient.

The Master General is, by virtue of his Office, Commander in Chief both of the Artillery and Engineers, which is his Military Character.

The Board consists of Five Officers — the Lieutenant General, the Surveyor General, the Clerk of the Ordnance, the Storekeeper, and Clerk of the Deliveries; these are called the principal Officers. — These Officers are each of them appointed by Letters Patent; each, except the Lieutenant General, has a distinct Civil Duty allotted to him: Any Three of them form a Board, and can make Contracts and Agreements, direct the Issue of Stores, and order Payments, without the Intervention of the Master General; but, if he chuses to interpose, he has a controlling Power over all they do. — The Lieutenant General has no particular Civil Duty, but as one of the Board Officers; in his Military Capacity he is Second in Command both in the Artillery and Engineers; in his Absence the Surveyor General has been appointed by the King's Warrant to act for him. — The present Lieutenant General has no Deputy The rest of the Board Officers have no Military Character.

The Duty of the Surveyor General, or (as he is called in his Patent) Master Surveyor, is to survey all Stores received or returned; he has Clerks under him for that Purpose at the Tower; and at the Out Ports and foreign Garrisons Clerks of the Survey are appointed to do that Duty, and make their Returns to him. He is to examine and allow all Bills for Stores delivered, and Services performed — to see that the Prices are conformable to the Contract, Agreement, Warrant, or Order — to examine the Account of every Expenditure, and allow such Articles as are warranted by the Instructions to the Officers intrusted with that Expenditure; — the Repairs of the Storehouses, Barracks, and all other Buildings belonging to the Ordnance at the Tower; and the Artificers, Workmen, and Labourers, there employed, are under his Direction.

The Duty of the Clerk of the Ordnance is to examine and keep all the Accounts of Stores and Cash, as a Check upon the Storekeeper and Treasurer; ta make out the Quarter Books and Debentures for all the Payments, pursuant to the Bills transmitted to him from the Surveyor General; and to make out Imprests pursuant to the Orders of the Master Gene* ral or Board; which Imprests may be signed by any Three of the Board Officers. — This Officer keeps an Account of the Sums imprested; and it is a Part of his Duty to call upon those Persons to whom Money has been advanced on Account, to clear their Accounts.

The Storekeeper has the Custody, and keeps the Account, of the Ordnance and Stores at the Tower — The Storekeepers at the Out Ports and Garrisons have the Custody, and keep the Accounts, of the Ordnance and Stores committed to their Charge, and transmit their Accounts of the Receipts and Issues to the Board, which are examined by the Storekeeper and Clerk of the Ordnance jointly.

The Clerk of the Deliveries superintends and keeps the Account of the Issues of the Ordnance and Stores: He prepares, pursuant to the Directions of the Board, an Instrument, called " A Proportion," directed to any Storekeeper, authorizing him to deliver certain Stores to Persons therein named; this Instrument must be signed by any Three Board Officers. He takes a Receipt for the Stores, which is generally an Engagement to account for them. — Upon every

9 Receipt

24 Geo. III. n° jfumi.

Receipt or Return of Stores, the Account of them is taken by the Storekeeper, Surveyor, and Clerk of the Ordnance. — The Storekeeper keeps a Journal of the Receipts, Returns, and Issues, from which he forms his Ledger; the Clerk of the Ordnance keeps a Check Ledger, which he forms from his ow n Journal of the Receipts and Returns, and from the Journal of the Clerk of the Deliveries of the Issues. — It is not usual for the Storekeeper to pass any Account; but upon the Resignation or Death of a Storekeeper, a general Survey and Remain is taken of the Ordnance and Stores at the Tower, and is made a Charge upon the Successor. — The Storekeeper at the Out Ports send to the Board every Year an Account of their Receipts, Issues, and Remains. — All the original Authorities for Payments, Contracts, and Securities, and all the Vouchers for the Bills, are preserved in the Record Room in the White Tower, under the Clerk of the Ordnance; the Receipts for the Deliveries are kept by the Clerk of the Deliveries.

The Orders under which the Board of Ordnance act are, Warrants from the King or Privy Council; and, in Sea Affairs, from the Admiralty; Letters from Secretaries of State, and Significations from the Master General. — The Warrants and Letters must be directed to the Master General, and he directs the Board to carry them into Execution; from this Direction of the Master General the Board derive ‘ their Authority to^act; when there is no Master General, these Instruments are directed to the Lieutenant General, and the rest of the principal Officers. — The Regulations and Instructions by which the Office of Ordnance is at present governed, are those of the Year 1683, which, with very few Alterations, have been confirmed at the Beginning of every Reign since that Time.

Since the Resolution, no Offices in the Department of the Ordnance have been allowed to be executed by Deputy.

The Terms of the Contracts for making Gunpowder are these: — The Board supply the Contractor with Eighty Pounds of double-refined Saltpetre; h6 agrees to make that Quantity into & Barrel of Gunpowder of One hundred Pounds Weight, to pass such Proof as the Board shall think proper; for which fie is to be paid One Pound Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

The Terms of the Contract for Iron Ordnance are these: — The Contractor is bound to cast them agreeably to Moulds delivered to him by the Board, at Eighteen Pounds a Ton, subject to such Survey and Proof as the Board shall direct.

T. Anguish, John Boddington.

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N- 5.

The Examination of Robert Mackenzie, Esquire; taken upon Oath, March 2d, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Secretary to the Lieutenant General of the Ordnance, and has been in that Office ever since the Appointment of Sir William Howe, near Two Years ago. — It is his Business to attend the Board of Ordnance, if required so to do by the Lieutenant General; but he very seldom does require it, as there is no particular Branch of Business for his Secretary to transact at the Board: The

Secretary generally attends him before fie goes to tfye Board, to know if fie has any Orders for him; but he very seldom has any such Orders. — He has not Vol. 40.

been c&licd upott to do much Business since he has beeh Twelfth in this Office. ReP°?.

Robert Mackenzie, £co"n£

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd NedVb,

Sam1 Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N# 6.

The Examination of Mr. Nicholas JVtttwer; taken upon Oath, February 27th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Minuting Clerk in the Office of the Lieutenant General of the Ordnance; he has been in this Office about Twenty-eight Years. — It is his Business to copy the Minutes that have been taken at the Board, for the Use of the Lieutenant General. — The Minute Book, formerly kept by the First Clerk to the Clerk of the Ordnance, and now' by the Secretary to the Board, used to be kept at the Tower, and from thence conveyed, every Board Day, to the Board at Westminster, and returned back to the Tower; of that Minute Book he used to take Copies, and deliver them to the Lieutenant General. — Since the Minute Books have been kept at Westminster, which has been for about Two Years, he has taken no Copies of them, the Lieutenant General not having required it. — This is his only proper Business, but he executes any other that the Lieutenant General chuses to employ him in.

Nicholas Wittwer.

T. Anguish,

RichH Neave,

Sam1 Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N° 7.

The Examination of John Vidgen, Esquire, First Clerk to the Surveyor General of the Ordnance; taken upon Oath, the 17th, 19th, and 22d December, 1783.

This Examinant saith, That he is First Clerk in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Ordnance; he has been in this Office about Thirty Years, and First Clerk about Four Years. — The Business of the Office of the Surveyor General is to examine all Bills for Pay not on the Establishment at Home, all Bills for Stores supplied, and for Disbursements on Account of the Ordnance. The Bills for Pay are for the Payment of those Officers who are either upon Establishments Abroad, or in England and not upon the Establishment. — Before a Bill for the Pay of an Officer upon an Establishment Abroad can be made out, the Office requires a Life Certificate — If the Officer is at Home, the Officer requires a Certificate from the Commanding Engineer, of the Time he has been employed; and his Appointment states the Rate at tfhich he is to be paid. — The Commanding Engineer at any Out Port appoints the Number of Labourers for carrying on any Works, at his Discretion; they are paid by the Storekeeper at the Out Port, in consequence of a Certificate and Order: The Certificate is signed by all the Engineers employed on the Work, and generally by the Overseers; and states the Persons employed, the Time of Service, and Rate per Day: The Order is the Direction of the Chief Engineer to the Storekeeper to pay the Sum therein mentioned. — Thtf

Labourer

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

128

11° Juniu

A. 1784.

Labourer signs his Name opposite to the Sum he is en- Where the Surveyor General has Doubts or Objec-titled to, which Receipt is witnessed by Two Officers; tions to any Account, or any Articles in it, he states this forms the Pay List, and is sent up by the Store- his Objections to the Board, who finally decide upon keeper to the Surveyor General, as his Voucher for the them.

Payment. Generally every Quarter the Storekeeper makes out an Abstract of all his Payments, and trans-

mits it to the Surveyor General, with his Vouchers; with an Affidavit annexed of the Sum therein contained, as having been actually paid by him, or some Person acting for him: These Vouchers are examined in this Office by Three Clerks, and compared with the Abstract, and the Surveyor General signs his Allowance to the Abstract; which, with the Vouchers, is then sent to the Clerk of the Ordnance, for him to prepare a Debenture for the Sum therein allowed. — Sometimes the Commanding Engineer has appointed Officers to superintend the Works, in which Case the Surveyor General has applied to the Board for their

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond, Wilt* Roe.

John Vidgcn.

Nm 8.

The Examination of John Vidgen, Esquire; taken upon Oath, January 16th, February 3d, March 12th, April 21st and 23d, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That the Account of a

Directions, before he allowed that Payment in the Commissary and Paymaster of the Train of Artillery Accounts of the Storekeeper; but, now, according to Abroad, sent to the Office of the Surveyor General to a late Regulation, the Commanding Engineer is re- be passed, is an Account of his Expenditure only; he strained from appointing Officers. The Agent for the is not charged in this Office with the Sums he receives: Artillery passes the Account of his Disbursements in After his Account is passed in this Office, it is sent to this Office; there is no fixed Time for passing them, that of the Clerk of the Ordnance, where the Sums he brings them in when convenient to him; the last allowed are set off in the Ledger against the Sums Account passed by him was allowed the 4th of this that have been imprested to him. — Where Sums in an Month, and was up to the 30th of June 1776. During Account are allowed, but (being improperly paid) are a War Abroad, the Master General appoints One or directed by the Board to be charged against others, it more Commissaries, who are to take Care of the is the Business of the Clerk of the Ordnance to carry Stores, and, as Paymasters, to defray all Expences those Directions into Execution — All the Vouchers attending the Train; they pass their Accounts of their produced to the Surveyor General, after being sent to Disbursements in the Office of the Surveyor General: the Clerk of the Ordnance, are deposited in the White The last Account passed of a Commissary was that Tower. The Accounts of the Contractor for Horses of Mr. William Wood, Commissary in the West Indies, are passed by the Surveyor General — each Account is for the Year ending the 31st December 1780, and was the Account of a Month, and contains the Number allowed the 4th of this Month. of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, upon Full Pay

The Purchase of almost all the Stores is made by and upon Half Pay, during that Month, and the

the Board, either by Contract, or Agreement in Sums due to the Contractor for the Hire of them — it

Writing; soon after it is made, it is sent to this Office, is certified by the Commissary of Horse; the Surveyor and entered in a Book called the Price Book. Upon General relies upon that Certificate for the Truth of Application, by the proper Officer, to the Board, for the Account as to the Number of Horses, Conductors,

a Supply of any particular Article of Stores, the Board and Drivers, and the Time they were upon Full Pay;

orders the Supply; this Order, if the Time will per- — they are continued upon Half Pay, unless they are mit, goes to the Clerk of the Ordnance, who makes employed: They are put upon Full Pay in conse-out a Warrant, directed to the Artificer, to deliver quence of Letters from the Board to the Contractor, such Stores to tl\e Place therein mentioned; the Ar- and continue upon Full Pay until Notice from the tificer delivers the Stores pursuant to the Warrant, Board. It has been the Usage of the Ordnance, as and the proper Officers (if at the Tower, the Three far back as he can recollect, to hire all the Horses for receiving Clerks; if at an Out Port, the Storekeeper, the Use of the Train, and not to purchase them. — The the Clerk of the Survey, and the Clerk of the Checque) Number of Horses for the Train upon the Establish-endorse the Receipt of such Stores upon the Warrant, ment in England, appears by the Monthly Accounts and j ! 1 1 - " ’ ' ~ 1 1 1 ‘

for

to the

ment of the receiving Clerks, or respective Officers at upon Full Pay was, by the Contract with Mr. Fitz-the Out Ports, for the Quality of the Stores, and set- Herbert, One Shilling and Nine Pence a Day; the ties the Price by the Price Book; he forms the Bill, Hire of the Conductors Three Shillings a Day; and and sends it with the Warrant to the Clerk of the of the Drivers Eight Shillings a Week: These were Ordnance, that he may make out the Debenture, all kept continually, either upon Full or Half Pay. — Where the Want of the Stores is pressing, the Stores Every Person who receives Money from the Ordnance are delivered before the Warrant is made out by the on Account, passes his Account of the Expenditure of Clerk of the Ordnance, and a Warrant of Justification that Money in the Office of the Surveyor General; is procured afterwards. The Accounts sent Home by and therefore it has happened, that Engineers and a Commissary Abroad are the Vouchers for his Pay- Artillery Officers have passed such Accounts. — Before ments, and an Abstract of them: The Voucher for a the late Regulations, it was, by the King’s Instruc-Payment, is the Order of the Commanding Officer of tions, Part of the Duty of the Surveyor General to Artillery, or the Commanding Engineer, to the Com- prove the Gunpowder and the Guns — A Surveyor missary, to pay the Sums to the Persons for the Ser- General has been likewise Comptroller of the Labo-. vices therein mentioned, with the Signature of the ratory.

Persons receiving; it is signed by the Commanding The Account sent by a Storekeeper to the Surveyor Officer of Artillery, or Commanding Engineer, only; General is an Account of his Expenditure only; the and upon this Signature the Surveyor General relies Account of the Stores is sent to the Out Port Ledger-' for the Truth of the Circumstances of the Voucher, keeper. Upon taking an Account of the Remains of w?hether it be for Stores purchased or for Services per- Stores in the Tower, it is the Duty of the Surveyor formed — the Commissary does not swear to the General to attend. In consequence of Advertisements. Account from the Board about October last, Proposals have been

delivered

24 Geo. III. i Junii.

129

delivered in for Timber and different Species of Work and Materials in the building Branch; several of the Prices in these Proposals are at a lower Rate than the old Prices of the Office; some were at a higher Rate, and were either rejected or reduced. — The new' Proposals for the Carpenters and Bricklayers Works at Plymouth are at reduced Prices, and agreed for by the Board. The Proposals for the Carpenters Work at the Tower, Medzvay, and Cinque Ports Division, are agreed to, deducting Two and One Quarter per Cent. from the proposed Prices in the Tower Division — those for Carpenters Work in the Portsmouth Division are not settled.

T. Anguish,

A Piggott, Richd NeavCy Sam1 Beachcrofty Geo. Drummondy Will"1 Roe.

John Vidgen.

N° 9.

The Examination of William Nettleshipp, Esquire, First Clerk to the Clerk of the Ordnance; taken upon Oath, December 15th, 16th, 23d, and 24th, 1783.

This Examinant saith, That he is First Clerk to the Clerk of the Ordnance; he has been in that Department since the Year 1762, and was appointed First Clerk in June 1782. Formerly the Office of Clerk of the Ordnance included the Business of the Secretary (which was called the Minuting Department) as well as the Business of the Accountant. From the 1st of January last the Business of the Secretary has been separated from the Clerk of the Ordnance, and now forms a distinct Branch. — Keeping the Accounts of various Branches of the Ordnance is the present Business of the Clerk of the Ordnance. The Annual Estimate is drawn up in this Office; it contains the Sum that will probably be wanted for the Service during the Year, and the Sum wanted to defray Services performed and not provided for. After it is voted, an Estimate of the Sums that will probably be wanted for each Mopth, distinguishing the current Services from Payments in Course, is drawn up in this Office, and transmitted to the Treasury pursuant to their Requisition. The Monthly Memorial contains the Sum stated in that general Estimate for the Month. — The Treasurer, as soon as he has received the Sum, notifies it to this Office and to the Secretary. — These Sums, im-prested from the Exchequer, are kept under Tw?o Heads — the Land, and the Sea Service. The Annual Estimate contains the Money for the Land Service only; that for the Sea Service is £. 5 per Cent. of the Money voted for the Seamen, and is included in the Monthly Estimates. — After every Board, where there has been an Alteration in the Cash, the Treasurer gives the CJerk of the Ordnance an Account of the State of his Cash, with his Receipts and Payments since his last Account; and a similar Account every Month. — The Directions to the Treasurer, to receive the Sums contained in his Voluntary Charge, originate in this Office. — These Sums are, the estimated Value of such Stores as are deficient or wanting at the Time when the Accounts of the Person to whom they have been intrusted are examined — Sums arising from the Sale of old Stores — Sums remaining unpaid, in a Debenture containing Payments to various Persons: The Treasurer takes Credit for the whole Sum therein contained, and charges himself with the Sum not paid — some Rents of Lands and Houses belonging to the Ordnance — and every Payment not included under the Heads of Imprests from the Exchequer, or Imprests Vacated. Where Stores are intrusted, the

Vo l. 40.

Account of them is, as he believes, usually taken by an Officer of the Ordnance at the Out Port, and transmitted to this Office, where the Deficiency is estimated. — Upon every Sale of Old Stores the Board in general attend. — The Imprests Vacated, are either Deductions from Debentures, or Sums which the Treasurer is directed to receive by Letters from the Board. — Where Sums have been imprested, and Part only expended, the Clerk of the Ordnance settles the Account, and the Board direct the Balance to be paid to the Treasurer. Where a Sum is advanced to any Person who is paid upon a Quarter Book, this Imprest is vacated in like Manner upon the Quarter Book. — All Debentures are made out in this Office from Bills transmitted from the Office of the Surveyor General, and signed by him. All the Expenditures are examined in the Office of the Surveyor General. — A complete Bill, containing the Stores received, or Services performed, with their Price and Computation, is sent to this Office, where the Bill is reduced into the Form of a Debenture; and if the Person entitled has received Money by way of Imprest, such Imprests are inserted in the Margin. If he is indebted for Stores, the Sum he owes is likewise inserted in the Margin, and is entered by the Treasurer in his Voluntary Charge. — All Debentures are paid pursuant either to Letters or Lists — those paid in consequence of Letters are called ready Money Debentures, or those which the Board have agreed to pay as soon as they are enabled to do it — those paid by Lists are called Debentures in Course. The Persons entitled to these Debentures know, when they contract, that no Time is limited for the Payment; and that they are to be paid as their Debentures come in Course of Time for Payment — At every Board the Clerk of the Ordnance lays before them the State of the Cash, and an Account of such Ready Money Debentures as require Payment, and such Sums as ought to be advanced on Account- — he prepares the Official Letters to the Treasurer for the Payment of such Sums as they direct. — These Ready Money Debentures are principally for Transport Service, Home Freight, and Salaries. When the State of the Cash is sufficient, the Clerk of the Ordnance lays before the Board an Account of the Amount of the Debentures made out in Course, for as many of those Months, next the Month last paid, as the Cash, from the then State of it, will probably be sufficient to discharge.

The Board determine how many Months they will pay, always taking them in Course. — A List of the Debentures of those Months is made out by the Clerk of the Ordnance, and transmitted, signed by him, to the Treasurer — the original List, signed by the Board, is kept in this Office. — In general, the Debts due from the Ordnance carry no Interest; — at this Time there are Two Kinds that carry Interest — some Ready Money Debentures, and certain Sums becoming due on Contracts, which (the Board being unable to discharge them) were, by the Consent of the Creditors, converted into a Security, called an Imprest, signed by the Board; by which they engage to pay Interest at £.5 perCent. for the Sum therein mentioned, from a certain Day therein named — these Imprests are in Course of Payment. — The other Debt carrying Interest, is One Third Part of the Sums due for Iron Ordnance, at £. 5 per Cent, to a limited Time, pursuant to an Agreement between the Board and the Gun-founders, by the Directions of the Treasury. — The Month next in Course of Payment is September 1781. — No Debentures are made out but pursuant to Bills transmitted from the Office of the Surveyor General, and allowed by him; after they are made out, they remain in the Office of the Clerk of the Ordnance until they are either applied for, or ordered for Payment; they are then laid before the Board to be signed, and delivered to the Proprietors. — A List of all L1 the

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

r?o

11* Junii.

A. 1784.

Twelfth

Repori-

OoPtthHc

Accounts.

tftfe Debentures, both Ready Money and in Course, ordered for Payment, is hung up in the Office. The List of Ready Money Debentures laid before the Board for Payment usually contains all the Debentures made out each Month, except such as require more immediate Payment by the Terms of the Contract, as for Transport Service and Salaries; these are laid before the Bbard as soon as made out The Date of the Debenture is not the Time it is made out, but the Time the Service is performed. — The Date of the Authority which directs the Debenture to be made out, is usually inserted in it — That Authority must be either the Order of the Master General, or the Board, or the Privy Council, or the King’s Sign Manual. A Debenture is often not made out until long after the Service is performed, as where the Surveyor General has a Difficulty in making out the Account, or Objections are niade to it: As soon as can be, after the Bill is sent to the Office of the Clerk of the Ordnance, the Debenture for it is made out. The Heads under which the Accounts of the Payments are kept in the Ledgers are, as near as possible, the Heads of the Estimate delivered to the House of Commons. The Two Quarter Books, in the Civil and Military Branches, are made out of course in this Office every Quarter; they contain the Titles of the Offices, the Names of the Officers, and their respective Salaries. The Military Quarter Book contains the complete Establishment of the Corps of Engineers; they are all appointed by Commission, and have Pay according to their Rank; their Commissions are entered in this Office: — The Civil Quarter Book contains the Master General, the Board Officers, and Officers under them, and some others whose Duty is mixt, consisting both of Land and Sea Service. — Where the Duty of the Officer is either by Land or Sea only, or he is upon a Foreign Establishment, he is paid by Debenture. — The Officers in the Civil Branch are appointed either by Patent, Warrant, or Signification by the Master General or Order; all of which are entered with the Clerk of the Ordnance; and each Office has its Salary annexed to it Where it is necessary that Money should be advanced for any Service, the Board direct the Clerk of the Ordnance to make out an Instrument called an Imprest, which contains the Sum to be advanced, the Name of the Person, and the Service; this Imprest is signed by the Board, and delivered to the Person entitled. The Expenditure of all Money issued upon Account is examined in the Office of the Surveyor General. Before the Treasurer’s Ledger is sent to the Office of the Auditor, all the Articles in the Charge are examined by the correspondent Entries in this Office, and the Articles of his Payments are examined with the Debentures and Quarter Books by the Board. — The Treasurer’s List of Letters is examined by the Letters themselves — after this Examination each Quarterly Account in the Ledger is signed by the Board, together with the Amount of the Imprest, Voluntary Charge, and Imprest Vacated.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drum,

Will'- Roe.

WiU. Nettleshipp.

N* 10.

The Examination of William Nettleshipp, Esquire; taken upon Oath, March 17th, 26th, 31st, April 20th, 21st, 23d, and 26th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That the Annual Estimate consists of Two Branches — the Ordinary, and the Extraordinary. The Ordinary comprehends the perma-

nent Establishments, and the computed probable Sums that will be wanted for certain usual Services; the Computations for these Services are made upon what has been found to be the usual Expenditure for such Services: The Extraordinaries consist of Sums not permanent, Sums that will probably be wanted in various Garrisons, both in Great Britain and elsewhere, and for other Services; the Calculations of these Expences are grounded either upon Estimates of the Engineer relative to the Works, or the usual Annual Expence of particular Services. — Every Annual Estimate since the Year 1720 has been attended with an Account of Services performed and not provided for: These Services have been in general either not foreseen, or such as have exceeded the Sums provided for them. Several of them have been foreseen, and yet, by the Custom of Office, have been omitted to be provided for: But the Estimates for the Years 1783 and 1784 were formed on- the Principle of avoiding, as much as possible, the Necessity of coming to Parliament with an Account of unprovided Services; every probable Expence, as far as was foreseen, having been brought forward in those Estimates.

The £. 5 per Cent, of the Money voted for the Seamen, has not, during the late war, discharged the Expence of the Ordnance for Sea Service; in One of the Years it appeared to have been deficient above Two hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds: It is very difficult to keep an accurate and distinct Account of it, because the Services are frequently blended together; but as distinct an Account as can conveniently be, is kept in the Office. — The State of the Debt of the Ordnance, annexed to the Estimate, comprehends the Debt incurred by the Ordnance, not provided for in the Year preceeding the Estimate, and also the Debt incurred in former Years, and not provided for; the Debts included in this Account have some of them not been inserted in the Accounts of Services performed and not provided for, annexed to the Estimates of the preceding Years; those that have been inserted remain unpaid. — The Monthly Estimate to the Treasury contains a Monthly Division of Three Sums: — The £.5 per Cent, for the Sea Service — the Sum voted upon the Estimate for the Land Service — and the Sum voted for the unprovided Services of the preceding Year. — The Imprest Ledger is kept by the Clerk of the Ordnance; no Account of any Article in that Ledger is given officially to the Board, unless they call for it, or unless any particular Circumstance renders it necessary to produce it to them. — The Clerk of the Ordnance has never, in his Knowledge, of himself called upon any Sub-Accountant to clear his Imprest.

The Clerk of the Ordnance keeps an Account of the Receipts and Issues of all Stores — He takes his Account of the Receipts at the Tower, by his Receiving Clerk; and of the Issues, from the Clerk of the Deliveries — He takes his Account of the Receipts and Issues of Stores at the Out Ports and Garrisons from the Ledger transmitted from those Store-keepers to the Clerk of the Ordnance, with the Vouchers.

Where a Debenture contains a Payment for Services, some of which are Land and some Sea Services, it is expressed in the Debenture to be for that Service for which the greatest Part of the Expence is incurred. — During the last War, the Commissaries and Paymasters of the Artillery Abroad have drawn upon the Board of Ordnance for the Subsistence of the Artillery, and sometimes the Board have remitted Money to them for that Service; these Sums have all been charged to the Agent for the Artillery in England, who receives the Agency, and settles the Accounts with the Commissary, and passes his own Accounts in the Office of the Surveyor General. — The Two Lists of Insupers, transmitted from this Board to the Office of Ordnance, have been examined, as far as they could 2 be,

24 Geo. III. 11° Junii.

13!

be, with the Imprest Ledgers and Journals in the Office of the Clerk of the Ordnance, or with the Imprest Bills in the Possession of the Treasurer. — The List of Insupers, from the 26th March 1673 to the 1st December 1714, do none of them appear to have been vacated. — It has been in the Contemplation of the Board, ever since he has been in the Office of First Clerk, to call for an Account of the Balances standing in Force against the Sub-Accountants: He received an Order from the Surveyor General, in September last, to prepare such an Account; and the Board, by their Order dated the 22d January last, directed the Clerk of the Ordnance to prepare a List of the Imprests remaining in Force, and of the voluntary Accounts or Debts due to the Ordnance, with a View to oblige Persons to bring in their Accounts for Liquidation. — There are Instances where Contractors with the Ordnance have received, by Imprest, all the Sums due to them, but have neglected to pass their Accounts, in order to vacate those Imprests.

About September 1782 the Master General called for an Account of the Establishment of the Ordnance, and of the Salaries paid on the Ordinary, and all Allowances made by the Board to each Officer; having received such an Account, he new modelled the Establishment, and regulated the Salaries of every Officer, and then procured His Majesty’s Warrant for the Abolition of al! Gratuities, Fees, and Rewards, except in the Instances therein mentioned, and the Substitution of certain Salaries in their Stead.

After the Expiration of the Contract for Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, with Mr. Ftfzhcrbert, the Board entered into a new Contract with Mr. Samuel Tewkesbury, in which the Full Pay of a Horse per Day was One Shilling and Three Farthings; and he was so be alloyed a Ration from the King’s Magazines, at the Price P^id by Government, which appears (as he is informed by the Account of Mr. Mfitqr}, the Contractor for Forage, in the Au()rtors Office) tg be, in the Yeas 1783, Ten Pence Three Farthings a Ration: The prjce of the Conductors and Priyers is the sanje in both Contracts, except that in the last Contract the Contractor was obliged to find Jackets and Caps, and many other Articles, for the Horses and Drivers, which Government supplied to the First Contractor.

WiU. Nettleshipp.

T Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam! Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond\

Will" Roe.

attend the Receipt: First, a Clerk under the Surveyor Twelijtjk General, who examines to see that the Stores are fit ReP°rjy for Service, and enters them in a Journal, kept by ^countt. him: Secondly, a Clerk under the Clerk of the Ord- ";

nance, who enters them in his Journal, and is there- fore a Checque upon the Storekeeper: Thirdly, the Storekeeper’s Clerk, who enters them in his Journal; from whence they are posted, by the Ledger-keeper* into the Ledger, under distinct Heads. — All Stores are delivered into the Custody of the Storekeeper. — *

When the Person who supplies the Stores produces the Warrant, it is indorsed by the Three Officers, as Surveyed, Certified, and Received; after which the principal Storekeeper signs his Name to the Receipt of the Stores, wrote upon the Front of the Warrant; the Warrant is then delivered to the Artificer. — *

Where the Stores are delivered at an Out Port, in consequence of a Warrant, that Warrant is indorsed, in like Manner, by the Clerk of the Survey, the Clerk of the Checque, and the Storekeeper, at that Out Port, and is transmitted to the principal Storekeeper, who, upon the Authority of that Certificate, signs his Name to a similar Receipt upon the Front of it. —

Upon Notice from the Clerk of the Deliveries what Stores ate to be issued, the Storekeeper s Issuing Clerl$ selects the Stores^ and delivers them as he is directed; he enters the Issue in his Journal, from whence it is posted by the Ledger-keeper, under its proper Head, intQ the Ledger; — the Clerk of the Deliveries alsq enters the Issue into his Journal. — The Towqj Ledger-keeper keeps the Storekeeper’s Ledger, and enters the Receipts from the Storekeeper s Receiving Journal, and the Jssues from his Issuing Journal. —

The Business of the’ Out Port Ledger-keeper is so examine the Accounts of the Storekeepers at the Out Ports, and of every other Person who begqqies aq^ countable for Stores, except the Gunners for Ships. —

The Storekeepers at the Out Ports, and these Accountants for Stores, transmit to this Ledger-keeper their Accounts of Receipts and Issues, with the Vouchers and Orders; and he examines that each Regqigt and Issue has its proper Voucher; and they are, as he believes, kept in his Office, — He believes, that before the late Regulations, it was usual for Persons who supplied the Stores to give voluntarily Gratuities to the Persons concerned in the Receipt of them.

Thqtnas Bay.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sam! Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N*n. N° ig.

The Examination of Mr. Thomas Day; taken The Examination of Mr. JVMiqjy Wecfvqr; jtqkqn upon Oath, 24th and 27th February 1784. upon Oath, February 36th end 1784.

This Examinant seith, That he was a Clerk in the This Examinant saith, That fie is First Clerk in Office of the Storekeeper of the Ordnance from the Year Office of the Clerk of the Deliyeries in the Ordnance; 1750 until Christmas 1782, when he resigned. — The be has been about Fifteen Years in the Office, qpd Duty of the principal Storekeeper is the Care of the about Six Years First Clerk. — This Office is executed Stores received into and issued from the Tower; he in the Tower; the Duty is, to receive from the Store-executes this Duty by his subordinate Officers in the keeper, to issue, and keep an Account of all the Tower; it consists of Four Branches — the Receipt — the Ordnance and Stores issued from the TQwer.-vWhen Issue — the keeping of the Tower Ledger — and, examin- Stores are wanted at any Out Port, the proper Officers ing the Out Port Ledgers. send to the Board of Ordnance for a Supply, stating

Regularly, the Board Warrant, that orders Stores the Stores they require: The Clerk of the Ordnance to be delivered into the Tow er, ought to be produced generally, or, if he is absent, some other Board Officer, to the Officer who receives them, with the Stores indorses upon the Requisition an Order for the Sup-themselves; but this is seldom done, especially in ply; this Order is sent to the principal Storekeeper, Time of War, from the Necessity of a sudden Supply, for him to see whether he can comply with it; he trans-and the Multiplicity of Business; but the Warrant must mite it to the Clerk of the Deliveries, that he may be produced afterwards. — Three Officers ought to draw a Proportion, which is an Instrument that V 0 l. 40. contains

4- 1784

132

ii° Junii.

Twelfth contains a Specification of the Stores to be issued, the BePJ,r* Place to which they are to be issued, and the Date of Accounts. Order of the Board: This Proportion is signed by any Three Board Officers, entered in the Proportion Book in this Office, and then delivered to the Storekeeper, as his Warrant for the Issue. — The Issuing Clerk, who is the Second Clerk in this Office, having entered in the Issuing Book the Articles contained in the Proportion, carries that Book to the Storekeeper, and receives those Articles from him, sees them packed, sends them away, and takes a Receipt from the Person intrusted to convey them; which Receipt is kept by the Clerk of- the Deliveries, as his Voucher. Upon the Delivery of Arms or Ammunition, the Voucher taken from the Person who receives them is an Indenture, by which he undertakes to be accountable for the Arms he receives, and he certifies that they are good and sufficient — every Issue is entered in the Journal.

A Bill of Delivery or Lading, containing the several Articles and Number of Packages, is delivered to the Person who conveys them, signed by the First Clerk in the Office; and a Duplicate is sent to the Storekeeper at the Out Port. — Upon receiving the Packages, the Storekeeper gives his Receipt for them, at the Bottom of the Bill produced to him by the Person who conveys them; this Bill, so signed, is the Authority for Payment of the Carriage or Freight, by the Messenger, if it is under Five Pounds; or by Debenture, if above Five Pounds. — An Annual Application is made to the Board by every Storekeeper at an Out Port, for a Supply from the Tower of all such Stores as may probably be wanted in the Course of the Year; the Order made upon this Application is sent to the Clerk of the Deliveries,' to be carried into Execution. — A Proportion is drawn for the whole Demand, and given to the principal Storekeeper; the Articles are sent at different Times, according as they are wanted.

The Storekeeper at an Out Port issues Ordnance and Stores.pursuant to the Orders, either of the Board, or of the Commanding Admiral, or of the Commanding Officer in that District. The Board send their Orders, either in consequence of Letters from the Board of Admiralty, in which Case they send them to the Storekeeper at the Out Port, without the Intervention of the Clerk of the Deliveries; or upon an Application of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, in which Case the Board order a Proportion for the usual Supply to be drawn by the Clerk of the Deliveries, who sends it to the Storekeeper at the Out Port. — Every Quarter every Storekeeper at the Out Ports sends to the Clerk of the Deliveries Accounts of all the Issues made by him during that Quarter, in consequence of the Orders either of the Board or of the Commanding Admiral or Commanding Officer, with the Vouchers ' for such Issues, signed generally by the Storekeeper, Clerk of the Survey, and Clerk of the Checque: — The Clerk of the Deliveries draws a Proportion for each Voucher, which, when signed by the Board, and entered in the Proportion Book, is sent down to the Storekeeper, as his Justification, and is transmitted by him to the Out Port Ledger-keeper, with the Ledger and Vouchers.

W. Weaver.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond\

Will* Roe.

N* 13.

GEORGE R.

Whereas We have thought fit, by Our Letters Patent, under Our Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the Tenth Day of this Instant April, to constitute and appoint Our Trusty and Well-beloved Charles Frederick, Esquire, to be Master Surveyor of Our Ordnance, Ammunition, and Habiliments of War, within Our Tower of London, Our Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and all other Our Dominions, during Our Pleasure; We do by these Presents nominate, constitute, and appoint the said Charles Frederick, Esquire, to be Assistant and Deputy to Our Lieutenant General of Our Ordnance for the Time being, in such Manner as Sir Henry Shercy Knight, John Charlton, William Bridges, Michael Richards, Esquires, Colonel John Armstrong, and Colonel Thomas Lascellesy were heretofore nominated, constituted, and appointed; and, in the Absence of the said Lieutenant General of the Ordnance for the Time being, to do, execute, and perform all Matters to the said Office or Place of Our Lieutenant General of Our Ordnance belonging, in as ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Lieutenant General of Our Ordnance for the Time being could or might have done, if he were actually present, and as fully and freely as Sir Hemy Shere9 Knight, John Charltony William Bridges, and Michad Richards, Esquires, Colonel John Armstrongy and Colonel Thomas Lascelles, or any former Deputy or Deputies, had enjoyed, or exercised, the said Office or Deputation: We have also thought fit to authorize and require you to cause an Allowance to be made unto him the said Charles Frederick, out of the Treasury of Our Ordnance, of the Sum of Three hundred Pounds per Annum, to be paid to him the said Charles Frederick, or his Assigns, Quarterly, by equal Proportions, Bill, and Debenture, according to the Usage of Our said Office, and in such Manner as the same was allowed and paid to the said Sir Henry Shere9 John Charlton, William Bridges, Michael Richards, John Armstrong, and Thomas Lascelles; the said Allowance to commence and be accounted from the Day of the Date hereof, and to continue during Our Pleasure: And for so doing this shall be, as well to you as to the Auditors of Our Imprests, and all others whom it may concern, a full and sufficient Warrant Given at Our Court at St. James s, the Eleventh Day of April 1750, in the Twenty-third Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty’s Command,

Bedford.

To Our Right Trusty and Well-beloved Councillor, Sir John Ligoniei'y Knight of the Bath, Lieutenant General of Our Ordnance, and to the rest of the principal Officers of the same.

A true Copy.

John Boddington.

N* 14.

The Examination of John Julius Anger stein, Esquire; taken upon Oath, 23d, 28th January, and 2d February, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he has frequently, since the Year 1775, supplied the Ordnance with Transports, sometimes in consequence of Advertisements, sometimes by the Intervention of a Broker, and sometimes by Means of the Superintendant of Shipping.

In the Year 1776 he let to the Ordnance the I/yrd

Townshend

24 Geo. III. ti" j

Torwnshend Transport, Captain Spence, of about Seven hundred Tons — she continued in the Service about Thirty Months; her freight amounted to about Eighteen thousand Four hundred and Sixty Pounds. All the Fees, Expences, and Gratuities, paid by him to Persons employed by the Ordnance Office in consequence of this Contract, amounted to about One hundred and Ninety Pounds. — In the Year 17S0 he let to them the Raynham Hall, Captain Butcher, of about the same Burthen; her freight, for about Twenty Months, was about Twelve thousand Two hundred Pounds; the like Expences in consequence of this Contract amounted to Three hundred and Eighty-two Pounds; the Increase of this Expence arose from Two Articles — he paid to a Person in the Ordnance Office a Gratuity of One hundred Pounds for procuring the Contract, and he also paid One hundred and Twenty-two Pounds, being at the Rate of One per Cent. upon the Freight, to an Agent, who was a Person employed in the Ordnance; — in his Contract for the Lord Torwnshend he did not employ an Agent. — In the year 1782 he let to them the Juliana, Captain iVUliam, nearly of the same Burthen; her Freight for Twelve Months was about Six thousand Two hundred Pounds; the Expences of this Contract amounted to Ninety-six Pounds,- of which Sixty Pounds was for Agency; before the rest of the Fees were paid, a Regulation in the Office relative to the Payment of Fees took place. — He never considered himself as bound by the Valuations of his Ships taken by the Ordnance Officers, unless he signed them: — Some of the Valuations he has sighed, others he has refused to sign, and some he has not seen. He has lost only One Ship, for which ^the Ordnance have paid him, and for that he was paid according to the Valuation.

John Julius Angerstein.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neavey Sarnf Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond\

Will" Roe.

N* 15.

The Examination of Mr. John Thornpson; taken upon Oath, January 26th and February 2d 1784,

This Examinant saith, That in the Year 1776 he first supplied the Board of Ordnance with Ships, and has frequently since that Time furnished them with such as they wanted. — Whenever he found that they were in want of Ships, and he had them ready, he wrote Letters to the Board offering to supply them, and mentioning his Terms. — He has now some Ships in their Service, but all of them, as he believes, hired before the Year 1783. After a Ship is taken up, and completely fitted out, she is valued, usually at Graves-endy by Officers of the Ordnance: He was never himself present at the Valuation of any of his Ships. — When he first furnished the Ordnance with Ships, the Valuation was generally produced to him before the Ship sailed; and if he approved of it he signed it, and was then bound to abide by that Valuation: For these Two or Three last Years, the Valuations of his Ships have not been produced to him as usual, and consequently he has not considered himself as bound by those Valuations Three or Four of his Ships have been taken, and he has been paid for them according to their Valuations, though he had not signed them, having no Objection, upon the Whole, to the Valuations, taken together, One of the Ships being valued as much Vql, 40.

'unii. 133

above, as another was under the real Value. — Before Twelfth the late Regulations in the Ordnance Office, all Report the Expences attending the letting to them a Ship °n ?ubIlc of Four hundred Tons, amounted to about One ccoun s’ hundred and Forty or One hundred and Fifty Pounds. — No Fees of any Kind were demanded; but he understood upon Enquiry, that it was Customary to give Gratuities in the different Departments; these Gratuities amounted to about Thirty-five Pounds; the rest was Agency, to a Person employed in the Ordnance, of One per Cent. upon the Freight, and a Gratuity to the Superintendent appointed by the Board, who sails with the Ship, and cotitrouls the-Captain. Since the Regulation no Gratuities have been paid at the Ordnance Office, nor any other Payment made, except the Agency, and to the Superintendent, above-mentioned. — The Consideration for the Agency is, the expediting the Business of each Contract through the several Departments of the Ordnance, a Communication when the Board are in want of Ships, and When Money is teady to be paid.

Jrf Thompson%

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neavey Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roc.

N* 16.

The Examination of Thomas Dickinson, Esquire, Superintendant of Shipping to the Office of the Ordnance; taken upon Oath, 21st January, 2d and 4th February, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Superintendant of Shipping to the Board of Ordnance; he was appointed to that Office in June 1781. For about the first Six Months of hb being in this Office, in consequence of Directions from the Board, he procured for them such Ships as they required; ever since that Time, the Board have advertised for Ships, at hb Recommendation, and the Proposals laid before the Board have been sent to him, that he might examine the Ship, and report to the Board whether she was fit for the Service. — Where no Ships have been tendered in pursuance of the Advertisements, the Board have directed him to look out for Ships. — The Proposals generally contain the Time of Service, and the Rate per Ton; he gives to the Board his Opinion upon these Terms, and they decide upon them. — The Agreement for the Payment of Freight for the Hire of Ships has been, during this War, to pay Two Months in Advance, and Two , Months Pay at the End of every Four Months after the Expiration of the first Two Months.

The principal Persons he has contracted with for Shipping have been Sir William James, Mr. Angerstein, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Thackary, and Mr. Hubbard. — If the Ships were employed in the Service longer than the Time mentioned in the Charter Party, they continued upon the same Terms as are mentioned in that Instrument. — After a Ship is completely fitted out, the Ship, her Rigging, and her Stores, are valued, almost always at Gravesend; an Inventory of all her Rigging and Stores is taken on the Part of the Ordnance by the Superintendant, the Purveyor, a Clerk from the Surveyor’s Office, a Clerk from the Office of the Clerk of the Ordnance^ and a Person appointed by the Board to assist in valuing the Rigging and Stores. — The Owner or Master may attend at taking thb Inventory if he thinks proper, but it has not been customary to give him Notice of the Time of the Valuation — The same Persons assist in forming a M m Valuation

twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

iH.

Valuation of the Rigging and other Articles. — The Ship is valued by the Superintendant, the Purveyor, and the Person assisting in taking the Inventory. — The Valuation is . sighed by all the Persons taking the Inventory, and lodged in the Office of the Clerk of the Ordnance. — If the Ship is taken or destroyed by the Enemy, the Sum stated to be her Value in that Valuation, is paid to , the Owner, deducting Eight Shillings Ton per Annum for the Wear and Tear. — The usual covenant in the Charter Party is, That the Ship is not to be discharged until her Arrival at Deptford, and after a few Days Notice. — Upon her Arrival at any Port in England, unless she is wanted for the Service, she is ordered immediately to Deptford. — The Rate at which a Ship is valued is according to her Age, Condition, Place where built, and the Price of Shipping at the Time. — Since he has been appointed Superintendant, Five Ordnance Storeships and Six Cutters have been taken by the Enemy, and Three Ships sunk at Gibraltar; all of which were valued by him, and, except one, not yet settled, the Owners have been paid for them according to those Valuations.

Since the late Regulation he has been paid by a Salary of One hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year, in lieu of all Fees, Perquisites, and Gratuities whatever.

The? Dickinson.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott, .

Rich? Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

Will"1 Rot.

N* 17.

The Examination of William Adam, Esquire; taken upon Oath, February 6th, 10th, and 11 tb, 17 84*

This Examinant saith, That in the Year 1781, he entered into a Contract with the Board of Ordnance, in consequence of an Advertisement, for the Delivery of Eight millions of Bricks, cither at the Gun Wharf at Chatham, or within a certain limited Distance of the Works, at One Guinea a Thousand for the Bricks, and Three Shillings per Thousand for the Carriage: The whole Quantity, and more, have been made and delivered, and he has received Imprests to the Amount of them. — The Check on the Part of the Ordnance, upon the Execution of this Contract, was, the Principal Engineer, and the Officers under him. He received the Money due to him, from Time to Time, from the Treasurer of the Ordnance.

He was appointed in December 1781, by the Signification of the Master General, to succeed the late Mr. Morris as Master Carpenter: Under this Appointment he supplied the Ordnance with a Part of the Timber and Deals, for Exportation and for Home Consumption, to a very considerable Amount, and did all the Carpenters Work in particular Districts, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance. The whole Demand for these Materials and Work, partly tinder the Signification of the Year 1781, and partly under new Contracts entered into last Year, in consequence of public Advertisements, have amounted to, ate he believes* above Fifty thousand Pounds — for these he was to be paid by Debentures in Course; but be has received, upon Application to the Board, < Imprests, from Time to Time, in Part of Payment, to the Amount of Seven thousand Pounds. He has beep informed, and believes, that the Ordnance Debentures have been lately offered to Sale at Thirty-three per Cent. Discount. There is in every District

jfunlu A\ 1784*

an Officer appointed by the Ordnance who is a Check upon the Materials delivered and the Work executed.

The Expences paid by him, in Fees and Gratuities to Persons employed in the Civil Branch of the Ordnance Service, in consequence of his Contract for Bricks, amounted to about Eighty-seven Pounds. He gave nothing to the Persons employed in the Mi* litary Branch. The Hke Expences paid by him in consequence of his Contract for Timber and Carpenters Work, including Two Years, amoanted to about Three hundred and One Pounds. — Forty-three thousand Pounds is still due to him upon these Twd Contracts, and no Fees are now permitted to be taken. — These Fees and Gratnities were paid, some at the Execution of the Contract, some at Christmas, and during the Progress of the Service, and upon receiving the Debentures.

William Adam*

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Necrce,

Sam/ Beachcrqft,

Geo. Drummond\

Willm Roe.

N* iS.

The Examination of Colonel Matthew Divert] taken upon Oath, March 24th and 26th 1784.

This Examinant saith, He has been employed aa Commanding Engineer at Plymouth ever since the Year 1777. It was his Business, by virtue of that Appointment, to superintend the Construction and Ue^ pairs of all the Fortifications in that Division. The Commanding Engineer receives his Directions either from the Master General or the Board of Ordnance, relative to any Project approved of by them; he forma an Estimate* of the Expence, according to the Prices established by the Board for different Species of Work, and transmits that Estimate to them. — The Prices from which Estimates have generally been hi- therto formed, were established several Years ago, and taken from Proposals then delivered in to the Board pursuant to Advertisements. — Since October last the Prices of some of the material Species of Works have been reduced, more reasonable Terms having been delivered in to the Board, in consequence of Advertisements. — By the Order of the Master General and Board, lie formed an Estimate for the Works ift the Plymouth Division for the Year 1784; he sent thd Original to the Master General, and a Duplicate to the Board — that Estimate was formed upon the old Prices, the Alterations in the Prices not having beer* then communicated to him; he is now, pursuant to Orders from the Master General* forming a nc\* Estimate for the same Works at the reduced Prices. — No Part of a Work is executed, or Materials for any Work provided, without the express Direction iw^ Writing of the Master General or the Board.

The several Species of Work, except the Day La^ hour, are executed by Contract. — The Execution \i superintended by the Commanding Engineer, and the subaltern Engineers and Overseers under him. — Theso Engineers and Overseers are appointed, and their Pay settled, by the Master General. They every Day make Reports to the , Commanding Engineer, in Writing, signed by One or more of them, as to the Day Labour and Repairs, of the Progress ;of the Work at their several Stations, specifying the Materials expended and the Persons employed. — The Engineer or Overseer who superintends a Work to be paid for by Measure, ftvery Week reports to the Commanding 6 Engineer

*4 Gb dr III.

ii*

4*

Engineer the Progress of the Work. — The Labourers are procured by the Commanding Engineer, at the usual Price of Labour in that Country, or at such other Price asTmay be agreed for, ,uule$s they are Soldiers, who are paid according to the Regulations of the Commander in Chief. They are paid every Month, by Pay Lists certified by Two or more Engineers or Overseers, which Certificate is their Attestation* that the Persons therein named have performed* the Labour therein mentioned.-In conscience of this Certificate the Commanding, Engineer signs an Order to the Storekeeper for Payment. — -Those* Works which are executed by Contract, -and are to-be paid for by Measure, are measured every Three Months, or oftener, by the Engineer and Overseer, in conjunction with a Person on the Part of the Contractors They all sign to the Truth of the Measurement. In consequence of the Measurement, Bills are made out, according to the Nature of the Work, containing the Quantity and Afterentl Species of the Work, and the Sums due to each Artificer; these Bills are certified by the Engineer and Overseer, signed by ths Commanding Engineer, and transmitted,* with a List of them, to the Office of the Surveyor General. — No contracting Artificer is* paid-upon-the Spot; lie is paid by the Treasfow of the Ordnance. -He has been informed, by some* of the Contractors, that during the late War their Bills have been Eleven Quarters in Arrear*

Matt" Ditto*

r f. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich* Neave,

Satii1 Readier oft,

Geo. DYummond\ lVilLm Roe.

N* 10*

The Examination of Major William Congreve, of the Royal Artillery; taken upon Oath, March 5th, lbth, and 22d, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Comptroller of the King’s Laboratory at Weolvich, during the Absence of the Comptroller, and was appointed to this Office in April 1783. It is a Part of his Duty to attend the„ Proof of all Gunpowder made use of by Government. — This Proof is made At Purfieet only, before it is received into the Magazines as serviceable, hr paid for. — The Gunpowder is either newly made, bt returned back from Ships of War, or foreign Gar* fisons, to be re-proved.

When a Proof becomes necessary, the Board of Ordnance direct the Deputy Comptroller to attend at Purfieet at a certain Time; the Officers who attend with him are, the Chief Fire Master, the Assistant fire Master, and the Three Ordnance Officers at

Purfieet, the Storekeeper, the Clerk oiF the Survey, Twelfth and the Clerk of the Checque. — Formerly the Mode of Proof was the raising a given Weight, in d Frame AccouQt^ called a Vertical Eprouvette; by a given- Quantity of *

Powder; but this Mode has, by a Course of Experiments lately made by Order of Lord Townshend' been found not to be a certain Proof of the Goodness of the Powder; for a Powder that with Two Drachms raised the Vertical Eprouvette Four Inches and Five Tenths, with. Three Pounds, in a Thirteen Inch JMor-tar, tanged the Shell One thousand One hundred and Three. Yards; and a Powder that with the same Quantity raised the Eprouvette only One Inch and Nine Tenths, with Three Pounds, in a Thirteen Inch Mortar, ranged the Shell One thousand One hundred and7.Twelve Yards. — A Report of these Experiments* drawn up and signed by him and the Two Fire Mas* ters, he delivered' to Lw&Tatcnshend; a Copy of it, signed by himself, is now before the Board of Ord^ nance,-for them to settle the 'Mode of Proof for the future. — Hence it appears, that great Quantities of Powder proved by the former Method (the only esta-Wkhefl' Mode to prove the Strength of Government Powder, as appears by the Copies of the official Papers subjoined^ which were probably fit for Service* may have been condemnedy and either sold as unser* viceable, or Used in Triumph, or the Saltpetre extracted, to be worked up again at Feversham and near Eleven thousand Bamis of foreign* Powder, nbw ini the Magazines* are condemned, great Part of which* when proved by Mortars, may probably be found fit for the heavy Artillery for Land Service* which will* save Government a considerable Sum of Money. — After a Proof at Purfieet, a Report is made to the Master General and Board of the Quantity of Powder proved, and the State of it; this* Report is signed by the De* puty Comptroller, the Two Fire Masters, and the Storekeeper. The Powder is not received into the Magazines as serviceable, until the Board direct it, in consequence of that Report.

The only Manufactory for Gunpowder, belonging to Government, is at Feversham; the rest of the Gunpowder is made by Powder Merchants or Contrac* tors.

The great Deposit for the Government Gunpowder, in this Part of the Kingdom, is at Purfieet; — it con*, -sists of Five. Magazines, at the Distance of Fifty-eight Feet from each other; Four of them are calciK Iated to contain Thirty-eight thousand Four hundred Darrels; the other is intended only for laying Powder dovVn for Proof. Shook! any one of these Magazines* be blown up, it is scarcely possible* but they must all be btoWrt up.- — By the last Return of the respective Officers of the Ordnance at Puijleet, dated the i3tte Instant, the Quantity of Powder then in Store was . Thirty-five thousand Four hundred and Six whole*

Parrels, each containing One bundled Pounds, and Seven thousand Two hundred and Fifty-two Half Barrels,

' ‘ Voi. 40.

REGULATIONS

i i ° Junii*

A* 1784.

TwiMh ' Report on Public Accounts.

REGULATIONS for proving Powder, by the Honourable Board, the 18th December 1780,

and 1st January 1781*

Dutch, and Returned.

3, 5 and upwards 2, 8 to 3, 4 - *

1, 9 to 2, 7 l, 8 and under *

3, 5 and upwards * - *

2, 8 to 3,4 -

Under 2, 8 *, *

Sea.

- Land.

Triumph.

Crossed.

» Sea.

Land.

Triumph.

New Powder from the Merchants.

3.5 and Upwards - - * Sea.

Under 3, 5 - - - - Crossed.

4.5 and upwards *.....Extra.

All Powder to be condemned If abounding with Lights.

Wright of Powder in the Chamber of the Eprouvette, Two. Drachms.

Wright of Powder in One Thimble, Seven Drachms and a Half, to be burnt upon Plates, to ascertain whether it was free from Lights or not.

The aforementioned is a true Copy of the Account of the Board's Regulations for proving of Gunpowder at Purfieet; which the Storekeeper of those Magazines gave me the Beginning of May last.

17th March 1784.

The MODE of preparing Gunpowder for Proof at Purfieet; together with ail Account of the Marks made Use of at that Office, to distinguish it afterwards.

When Powder is received at the King’s. Magazines at Purfieet, whether Merchants, Returned, 4r,

it is stacked in Bays separately; the Weighing of the Returned from the Shipping being first attended to by the Clerk of the Survey, allowing One hundred and Two Pounds for every Whole Barrel, and Fifty-one Pounds for every Half Barrel; it having been found that One hundred Pounds, being but Six Weeks at Sea, has gained Two Pounds in One hundred Pounds, by the Damps, 85c. of the Ship.

When a Proof is ordered, it is separately laid down, for that Purpose. The Merchants and Parcel by Parcel, is sent into the Proof House in a Box, with Six Thimbles, from Six Barrels, to burn on the Plates, and the same in another Box to try in the Eprouvette; then a State is sent from the Proof House to the Magazines, specifying which of these Six are passed as Extra, Sea or Land, Triumph, and Crossed; which are marked on the Barrels accordingly. The Returned is first hand-proved; and such as is not condemned by that Method, is sent into the Proof House in the Manner described, and from thence into the Magazines, to be marked as before — it is then stacked up distinctly, every Parcel of Powder as proved, distinguishing the Passed, Triumph, and Crossed, in order to lay down more for Proof.

The next Process is to get up the -Powder; which is done after this Manner: — The Merchants Powder that is Crossed, is headed up in order to be returned them when sent for: The Passed Powder of the Merchant* is then shifted into King’s Barrels, Whole or Half, Copper or Hazle: — The Feoersham and Returned, Passed, and Triumph, the same. — The Barrels that the Crossed Powder is in are tared, and the Powder shifted back

Sinto them — then the Clerk of the Survey attends the Weighing, $c. of the Whole, both Passed, nph, and Crossed, allowing to a Whole Barrel One hundred Pounds, and to Half a Barrel Fifty Pounds. The Passed for Sea and Land is sent to Tilbury with the utmost Dispatch, by a general Order of the Board, and elsewhere if a particular Order; the Extra to Woolwich, or the Tower, as demanded; the Triumph and Crossed as demanded.

v The

ii° Junii.

137

24 Geo. III.

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

The following is the Method that was pursued in marking the Barrels, when the Powder was got up for May Proof 1783 j and which will serve as a Specimen for all others, by an Example of Fever sham.

N. B. The Letters signify the Place, or Makers Names; R, Returned Powder; and the *, Extra, at all Times.

Corned Powder, 17th May 1783 F

Sea Service

Corned Powder 17th May 1783

F #*

Extra

Corned Powder 17th May 1783 F

Land Service

T R (Triumph) 17th May 1783 F

X (Crossed) 17th May 1783 F

JVm Congreve.

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond, t

Will* Roe.

N* 20.

The Examination of Major Thomas Blomefield; taken upon Oath, March 10th and 16th

1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Inspector of Artillery, and was appointed to that Office in March 1780. By that Appointment it is his'Duty to examine all Guns designed for His Majesty's Service, and to make his Report upon them to the Master General and Lieutenant General of the Ordnance; and to inspect all Foreign Arms, Powder, or Military Stores, that may be contracted for by the Board of Ordnance.

By the King’s Warrant, of the Year 1783, he is also directed to superintend the Proof of Guns; which Duty was, before that Time, executed by the Surveyor General and Proof Masters. — All Brass Ordnance are now cast at the Royal Foundry at Wool-wich; all Iron Ordnance are cast by Contract, at Foundries in different Parts of the Kingdom, and are to be delivered at Woolwich to the Charge of the Storekeeper, who gives the Inspector of Artillery an Account of the Number and Nature of those he has received. — The Examination is performed by certain Instruments; One of which, invented by the late General Desaguiliers, is calculated to discover any Error in the Form of the Bore, or in its Position; and by other Instruments, to discover whether it is constructed in every Respect conformable to the Draft sent to the Gun Founder as his Pattern. — The Gun is then laid down for Proof; it is fired on Two different Days, and searched after each Firing, in order to discover any Flaws or Holes. — It is then proved by forcing Water into the Bore; after which, the inward Surface

is inspected, by throwing into it a sufficient Quantity of Light, which frequently discovers concealed Defects that escape every other Examination.

The Founder is subject, by his Contract, to have all his Guns laid down for Proof rejected, upon the Discovery of a concealed Defect in any One of them.

If the Gun stands these Proofs to a sufficient Degree of Precision, in the Judgment of the Inspector, he reports it* as proper to be received into His Majesty’s Stores; if it does not stand the Examination and Proof, a Cross is cut upon it, and it is returned to the Founder. — There are generally from One hundred and Twenty to One hundred and Thirty Guns laid'down for Proof at One Time. — Previous to the Appointment of General Desaguiliers to the Office of Inspector of the Artillery, a very superficial Examination, if any, was given to the Guns, previous to their Proof; for many that were received have since been condemned as defective; and the usual Proof was by Fire and the Searcher. — The First Day’s Proof was made by the Surveyor General and Civil Officers only; on the Second the Board used to attend. — This Duty is now taken from the Civil Department, and intrusted to Military Officers. — The Inspector, Assistant Inspector, and Proof Master, who assist in the whole Process, are Officers of the Artillery.

It is his Duty to examine all Brass and Iron Ordnance used in His Majesty’s Service, and report whether they are proper to be retained in the Service, or condemned as unserviceable. All Brass Ordnance undergo the like Examination and Proof, except that in some Instances the Water Proof has been dispensed with.

Tho. Blomefield.

T. Anguish,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wiltr Roe.

Vo t. 40.

Nn

ii° Junii. 1784.

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

N* 21.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Ships and Tonnage employed in the Service of the Ordnance

from 1st January 1776 to 31st December 1783*

1776 -

1777 -

1778 -

1779 -17X0 -

1781 -

1782 -

Office of Ordnance, February 5th, 1784.

N* of Ships.

- 25 -

- 12 -

- 10 -

- 13 -

- 10 -

- 18 -

- 22 -

no N° of Ships.

Tonnage.

- 7,164

- 5,363

- 2,377 .

- 5,628

- 4,676

- 5,092 9,634

39-934 Tons.

John Boddington, Scc'r.

N.B. The Ships that were continued from Year to Year are only included Once in this Account.

The Hire of the above Transports, upon an Average of 13/ per Ton per Cal' Month, cost 311,485. 4. per Annum, exclusive of Losses and Wages of Extra Seamen.

N" 22.

t*

b

O

o

o

OQ

FT

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, employed in the Service of the Artillery in England\ which were kept upon Full Pay and upon Half-Pay respectively, from 1st January 1778 to 31st December 1783* with the Totkl Sum paid for each Number during the same Period: — Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, 17th February 1784: — Viz.

Numbers of

Horses. Conductors. Drivers.

163 3 55

120 3 40

108 2 36

59 1 3i

107 2 36

153 3 , 5i

118 2 40

87 2 30

95 2 4i

47 1 30

1,057 21 390

84 2 33

104 2 38

3i — 12

79 1 28

85 2 35

62 1 29

34 — —

101 3 16

1.637 32 581

400 8 152

i/*37 24 429

400 8 152

ii*37 24 429

1*237 24 429

4*

a

w

o

Time employed.

From the Commencement, 18th May, to 30th June 1778 From a6th May to — L)°

27th 29th 1st -6th 12 th 16th 26th 27th

D° to - - D® D° to 30th D°

- - to 30th D°

- - to 30th D®

- - to 30th D®

- - to 30th D®

- - to 30th D°

- - to 30th P®

1st to 31st July 4th to 31st D® -8th to 31st D° '9th to 31st D® -1 ith to 31st D®

14th to 31st D° -

20th to 31st D° -

- 2 2d to 31st D®

- 24th to 31st D*

Jst August to 30th November

1st to 31st December 1st to 31st D° -

Mem:

Sundry of the above 1,237 Horses, 6rc\ ordered on Half Pay, were continued on Full Pay, with various Corps, for broken Periods, between 1st and 31st December 1778, the Difference amounting to -

From 1st January to 30th June 1779 ——

----- 1st - D® - to 30th D® ——

as above, ordered from Half Pay to Full Pay, at various Periods, in the Month of June, the Difference amounting to -

Mem®:

Sundry of the Horses, &c\ ordered on Half Pay, were continued on Full Pay, with various Corps, for broken Periods, between 1st December 1778

and

Carried forward -

Amount of the Hire of

Morses. Conductors. Drivers. ’

On Full Pay. On Half Pay. On Full Pay. On Half Pay. On Full Pay. On Half Pay.

627 i> — _ _ 19 16 — 138 5 81

378 — - - - ri 4 — - - 82 5 If

33° 15 ~ - - - - 10 10 — - - 72

170 7 3 - - - 4 19 — - - 58 9 1}

280 17 6 - - - . 9 - 61 14 3i

334 *3 9 - - - ll 5 — - - - 72 17 iJ

196 3 6 - - - 5 H - - +3

114 3 9 - - 4 10 — - - 25 14 3i 11 H 3l

41 u 3 - - - l 10 — - -

16 9 - 12 — - 6 17 1

2,867 2 3 - - - 97 13 — - - 6go 17 i£

205 16 — - - - 8 8 — - - 52 16 —

218 8 — - - 7 4 - - 52 2 3

62 7 9 15 >5 5

145 3 3 - - - 3 3 — - _ - - 33 12 —

133 17 6 - - - 5 8 - - - 36

65 2 — - - - 1 16 — - - lg >7 81

29 15 —

70 14 — 3 12 — - 763

i7>474 19 - - 585 12 — - - 4,050 8 —

1,085 _ - _ 1 r- CO . - 269 5 1

1.677 13 7* 55 16 n — 37919 5i

175 15 9 - - - 5 8 - - - 4117 7

6.335 _ . _ - 217 4 — - - 1,572 if

9,795 9 10} 325 16 _ - - 2,21810 10J

595 14 10* 19 16 — 132 5 if

31*954 7 i°i n»473 3 6 1,076 8 — 381 12 — 7,5471010 2,598 10 3 i

O

VO

§?? 51 £

CD

o

o

°2-

rT

Numbers of

Horses. Conductors Drivers.

1,637 32 s8>

518 12 178

1 ,119 20 4°3

506 12 - 17I 3 -

12 - - " -

1,1 »9 - 20 - 4°: 3 -

12 - ’ - -

506 - - 12 - 17* 3 -

1,131 - 20 " 4°: 3

506 - - 12 - 17* -

1,1*7 - - 20 - 4°c \ *

- 4 - m - "

5io - - 12 - 17*

1,127 - 20 " 403

- 9 - - - 3

1,637 - - 32 - 581 -

546 - 16 - 189 -

457 - 14 - 161

- 89 - 2 - 28

1,091 - 16 " 392 -

457 - H . 161

1,180 - 18 ~ 420 -

457 - - - . 161 .

- 439 - - - !55

- - *4 -

1,180 - - - 420 -

- 1,198 - - - 426

- - - 18 " - -

- - 15 - - - 5 *

- 5 - - - 1

439 - H - 155 -

1,198 - 18 " 426 -

439 - - 14 - 155 -

- 24 - - - 8 -

- 24 - - - 8 -

1,198 - - - - 426 -

- M74 - - - 418 -

1,150 - - - 410 -

- 18 -

490 - 14 - 172 -

M47 - 18 " 409 -

1.637 - - 32 - 581 - -

534 - _ 18 - 185 .

1.103 1 - H - 396 -

534 _ 18 _ 185

»,io;5 \ - k *4 - 396 -

Time employed.

Bro* forward

and 30th June 1779, the Difference amounting to -From ist July lo i8ih December 1779 -

7.9th to 31st December 19th to 31st D® -

From 1st to 31st January 1780

---- 1st to 29th D° -

---- 1st to 31st D® -

— 30th to 31st D® -

1st to 29th February 1st to 29th D° -

1st to 31 st March nth to 31st D° -ist to 31st D° -1st to 10th D° -

----- 1st April to 1 ith June

----- 1st D® to 11th D®

----- 4th to 11th June, from Half to Full Pay

12th June to 9th November

loth to 21st November 22d to 30th D° -22d to 30th D° - - -10th to 30th D®

ist lo 31st December 1st to 31st D®

For the 1st January 1781 2d to the 31st D*

1st to 31st D®

For the 1 st D° -2d to 31st D®

1st to 31st D° -

18th to 26th February 1 . r f.

26th February to 6th March J P* ist February to 30th April -1st Iy* to 30th D#

1st to 31st May 19th to 31st D* 30th to 31st D° -1st to 18th D° -19th to 29th D® -30th to 31st D° -1st to 31st D° -

1st lo 10th Jurte ist to 10th D° -

11th June to 8th November

9th November to 31st December 9th D® to 31st D®

1st to 31st January 1782 lit to 3m D® -

Amount of the Hire of

Horses.

On Full Pay. I On Half Pay.

31,95+ 7 loj|

947 19 6

24.493 »2 3

589 4 6

Conductors.

On Full Pay.

1,372 10 6

30 9-

1,283 19 6

1,37* 10 6 7 7 —

3,213----

3 3

21,628 17 3

573 6 — 359 »7 9

1,239 »2 3

39 19 9

1,152 7 6

33 15 — 115 — l4 3

ii,473 3 6

636 8 7i

1,517 12 io4|

1 1 —

i,434 19 1

1,528 9 10J

1 15 —

3,550 — nil

35 — 10

1,002 7

1,600 7 6

5« 12

1,572 7

4,664 H 3

1,190 15 9

27 6 — -

4 4 —

428 15 —

21,628 17 2476 8

1,448 9 6

943 8

564 19

loo 12

501 16 3

a,557 11 7i| -

- I 83 >+ —

»*4©5 *8 XoAl _

1,076 8 —

3-----

820 16 —

23 8 —

55 16 —

5* 4 —

55 16 —

129 12 —

724 16 —

28 16 — 18 18 —

65 2 —

On Half Pay.

381 12 —

19 10 —

46 10 —

43 10 —

46 10 —

108-----

Drivers.

On Full Pay

4*

O

On Half Pay.

65 2

186 18 —

2 —

21-----

724 l6 —

143 2 —

1 7 — 25 4 "

41 17 —

7,547 10 10

47 2 i|

5,677 4 —

132 4 <4

315 6 si]

294 19 5

315 6 3j|

732 6 gi

"V l3 8i

5,013 4 —

129 12 — 82 16 —

285 4 —

9 4 — 265 14 3

2,59* 10 sJ

149 13 8J 356 18 ioJ 333 18 3 356 18 ioJ 829 — 6|

41 17 —

120 3 —

41 17 —

27-----

55 13 —

376

— 13 6 78» 5-

374 n

5 l8 lO; — 18

98 5

5,013 4 —

560 5 8

327 3i

7 4 — S*

235 4 — 1

372 r*r.

12-----

365 2 1Q

1,083 5 1

219 1

131 7

23 8

8£

5

6

116 17 if

599 13 1 i

350 14 ,o|

k

00

o

t*

o

o

o

520 - 18 - 180 - From 1st February to 30th June - - 6,825 — . 405 _ J,542 1 r 1

1,117 - 14 - 401 - 1st D° to 30th D° - -- - 7,330 6 3 - 157 10 — -

— 6 - - 2 27th to 30th June, from Half to Full Pay ---- 1 1 — — 4 6|

520 - 12 - 182 - 1st to 31st July - - ----- i»410 10 _ _ 55 16 — - 322 8 _

1,117 - 20 - 399 - 1st to 31st Du - -- i,5H 18 7i - 46 10 — - -

Memdm.

Sundry of the above 1,117 Horses, fyca. ordered on Half Pay, were continued

on Full Pay, with various Corps, for broken Periods, between the 9th and

31st July, the Difference amounting to - 332 3 — - - 11 5 — - - 7614 9 i

932 - - 20 - 328 - From 1st to 31st August 1782 - -- 2,528 1 - _ % 93 - - 581

7°5 " - 12 253 - 1st to 31st D° ------- 95 3 I - 27 18 — -

930 - - 20 - 328 - 1st to 30th September ------ 2,44 5 - - , 90 - 562 5

705 - - 12 - 253 - 1st to 30th D° - -- 925 6 3 - 27 — _ -

2 - - - - With Major Williams, and paid for by him.

— 193 - 4 - 76 23d to 30th September, from Half to Full Pay ----- 67 11 — - - 2 8 — - X 17 12 —

1,125 - - 24 - . 405 _ 1st to 10th October 1782 - - - 984 7 6 - t» 3<5 _ _ 231 8 6J

512 - - 8 - 176 - 1st to 9th D° - -- 201 12 — _ 5 8 .

— 439 - 7 140 for the 10th D° - - - 19 4 - 10 6 - -

13 - - - . 5 _ 11th to 25th D° ------- 17 1 3 4 5 8

391 - - 14 - 131 - 11th to 28th D° ------- 615 16 6 - - 37 16 — - _ 134 14 10

120 - - 3 - 4i - 1 lth October to 3d November - — _ _ 10 16 — - - 56 4 6

283 - 6 - 95 28th D° to 11th December ----- 676 10 11* - - 40 10 — - - 244 5 H

108 - - 3 - 36 - 29th D° to 1 llh D° 252 9 - - 19 16 — - - 90 10 3 i

391 - - - - 13» - 12th December 1782 to 12th February 1783 ---- <554 6 3

— - - 9 - - - 12th D° to 11th D° 41 *7

— - - 7 - - for the 12th February 1783 - -- 10 6

Sundry Bills, for the Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, paid by the

Mile, and employed in bringing the Field Artillery from the several Dis-

tricts to the Tower and Woolwich, between 3d March and 6th May 1783 702 1 4

£ 37.337 11 io£ 46,836 4 81 5,'46 13 — 1,340 5 31.786 5 4

i,718 11 4$

353 8 —

a

w

p

224 . 1 8£ 216 17 lj

45 5 >i

10,938 18 5

Total Numbers employed in 'I Horses - 1,637

each Year, from 1778 to > Conductors - 32

1782, inclusive - - - J Drivers - 581

Office of Ordnance, 2d March 1784.

N

CD

CL

CT

n

Wm Ncttlcshipp.

>g

2 a 3

© J3^§ 2.

to o'

Numbers of

g

cq‘

r-+

n‘

CD

CL

CT

o

o

eg

7T

Horses.

Conductors.! Drivers.

1,637

518

i, U9

32

12

20

581

178

4°3

506 - 12 - >78 -

12 - -

1,119 - - 20 - 4°3 -

- 12 - -

506 - - 12 - 178 -

1,131 - 20 - 403 -

506 - - 12 - 178 -


1,127 4 20 - 4°3

5io - - 12 - 178 -

1,127 - 20 - 403 -

- 9 3

1,637 - - 32 - 581 -

548 - 16 - 189 -

457 - *4 - 161

- 89 - 2 - 28

1,091 - 16 * 392 -

457 - >4 . 161

1,180 - 18 - 420

457 - - - - 161 .

- 439 - - - *55

- - *4 -

1,180 - - - 42c ► -

- - 1,198 18 - - 426

- - *5 - - - 5

- 5 - - - 1

439 - *4 - 155

1,198 - 18 - 426

439 - - *4 - *55 .

- 24 - - - 8

- 24 - - - 8

1,198 - - - 426

- M74 - - - 418

1,150 - - - 410

- - - 18 -

490 - *4 - 172 -

*,*47 - 18 - 409

>,637 - - 32 - 581 -

534 - - 18 - >85 _

1,103 " *4 - 396 -

5:34 - - 18 _ >85

2,103 " - *4 - 396 -

Time employed.

From

Bro* forward

and 30th June 1779, the Difference amounting to -1st July to 18th December 1779 -

19th to 31st December 19th to 31st D® -

From

1st to 31st January 1780 1st to 29 th D® -1st to 31st D° -30th to 31st D® -

1st to 29th February ist to 29th D° -

1st to 31 st March 11th to 31st D° -1st to 31st D° -I6t to 10th D° -

Amount of the Hire of

Horses.

On Full Pay. On Half Pay,

31,954 7 10J 247 19 6 24,493 12 3

589 4 6

,37-j 10 6 30 9 —

1,283 19 6

1st April to 11th June -ist D° 10 nth D®

4th to 11th June, from Half to Full Pay

12th June to 9th November

10th to 21st November 22d to 30th D® -22d to 30th D° - - -10th to 30th D°

ist to 31st December -1st to 31st D° -

For the 1st January 1781 -

2d to the 31st D®

1st to 31st D® ——

For the 1 st D® -

2d to 31st D® - -

1st to 31st D° -

SS ££"»SVhp"

ist February to 30th April -

1st D® to 30th D® -

1st to 31st May 19th to 31st D® 30th to 31st D° -ist to i8ih D° -19th to 29th D° -30th to 31st D® -ist to 31st D° -

1st to 10th Jurte ist to 10th D® -

nth June to 8th November

9th November to 31st December 9th D° to 31st D®

1st to 31st January 1782 1st to 31st D® -

1,372 10 6 7 7 —

3,213----

3 3 —

21,628 17 3

573 6 — 359 17 9

1,239 12 3

39 >9 9 1,152 7 6

33 15 ~ 115 — 3,4*8 *4 3

1,190 15 9

27 6, — 4 4 —

428 15 —

21,628 17 3

2476 8 6

1,448 9 6

Conductors.

On Full Pay.

On Half Pay.

Drivers.

On Full Pay*

*>473 3 6 1,076 8 — 381 12 — 7.547 10 to

- - 0 3 — - - 47 2 *3

- 820 16 - 5.677 4

- - «3 8 — - - . 132 4

636 8 7i - - 19 IO — -

- - 55 >6 — - - 3*5 6 si

1,5*7 12 loj - m 46 IO — - -

1 1 —

52 4 — - - 294 19 5

*434 »9 1 - - 43 *° " -

- - 55 *6 — - - 3*5 6 3l

1,538 9 10} - 46 10 — - -

1 15 —

_ 129 12 — . - 732 6 9i

3,550 — - " 108 — *3 *h

- - 724 16 — - - 5,oi3 4 —

m 28 16 _ m 129 12 —

. 18 18 — - - 82 16 —

35 — 10 - - 1 7 — - -

1,002 7 1 - ‘ - — 25 4 — - -

_ _ 65 2 - - 285 4 —

1,600 7 6 - - 4* 17 " - -

9 4 —

265 *4 3

65 2 —

5« 12 6

»,57* 7 6 4* *7 —

_ . _ . - - - - 3 7 6

*3 6

' - - 186 18 — - - 788 8

4,664 14 3 - - 120 3 — " -

- - 65 2 — - - 274 n 5

5 18 IO;

— 18 3d

943 8 6

564 >9 9

IOO 12 6

- - 4* *7

- - 21 — — - - 98 5 8|

501 16 3 27 — — - "

m m - 724 16 — - - 5,013 4

- . *43 2 — - - 560 5 8|

2,557 11 7f 55 13 — -

- 1 83 14 — - - 327 i 14 31

i,495 18 io£| - 1 3a 11 -

On Half Pay.

7 4 235 4

372 -

12-----

365 2 to

1,083 5 1

219 1 8f

131 7 5

23 8 6

116 17 if 599 *3 *i

<1*50 14. 10$

O

2,598 *° Si

>49 >3 356 18 tol 333 >8 3

356 18 10$ 829 — 6£

CT

00

o

o

O

o

5*0 - - ’ 18 - 180 -

1,117 14 - 401 -

— 6 2

520 12 - 182 -

1.117 - 20 - 399 -

932 20 328

705 12 - 253 -

930 - 20 - 328 _

705 2 " 12 - 253 -

193 - 4 - 76

1,125 - - 24 - , 405 -

512 - 8 - 176 -

— 439 - 7 - 140

13 - - - - 5 .

39i - - 14 - 13» -

120 - 3 - 41 -

283 - . - 6 - 95 -

108 - 3 - 36 -

39i - - - 13* -

— - 9 -

7

From ist February to 30th June - -

-----1st D° to 30th Du

-----27th to 30th June, from Half to Full Pay

1st to 31st July 1st to 31st D°

Memdm,

Sundry of the above 1,117 Horses, <$*c°. ordered on Half Pay, were continued on Full Puy, with various Corps, for broken Periods, between the 9th and 31st July, the Difference amounting to

From 1st to 31st August 1782 ---- 1st to 31st D°

1st to 30th September -

1st to 30th D* ——

With Major Williams, and paid for by him.

23d to 30th September, from Half to Full Pay

1st to 10th October 1782

1st to 9th D° -

for the 10th D°

11th to 25th D° -

11 th to 28th D° -

11th October to 3d November

28th D° to nth December -29th D° to 11th D°

12th December 1782 to 12th February 1783 12th D" to 1 ith D°

for the 12th February 1783 -

Sundry Bills, for the Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers, paid by the Mile, and employed in bringing the Field Artillery from the several Districts to the Tower and Woolwich, between 3d March and 6th May 1783 -

6,825 — 1 1

1,410 10

332 3 2,528 1

2,44* 5 —

67 11 — 984 7 6

*7 3

615 16 6

252-----

676 10 n{ 252 9 —

702 1 4

'37,337 " '°£

7,33 6 3

>,5'4 18 7!

956 3 'I 925 6 3

201 12 ---

19 4 1*

654 6 3

46,836 4 81

405----

55 16 —

5"

93-----

,90----

2 8 — 36 - —

37 16

IO 16 40 IO 19 16

157 10 —

46 10 —

27 18 — 27----

5 8 — — 10 6

5,146 >3 —

41 17 — — 10 6

1,340 5 —

1,542 17* 1 322 8

76 14 gi 581 — 6J

56a 5 8J

17 12 — 231 8 6j

4 5 8

134 H 10 56 4 6 244 5 8| 90 10 3 \

31,786 5 4

o 1

»,7»8 n 4l

a

353 8 — W

o

224 . 1 8£ 216 17 if

45 5 'i 4-----

<2?

235 '6 —

10,93818 5

D

cq‘

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

OQ

Total Numbers employed in *1 Horses -each Year, from 1778 to I Conductors 1782, inclusive - - - J Drivers -

Office of Ordnance, 2d March 1784.

1,637

32

581

Wm Net tie shipp.

>g s?2

n 0 n <

8 ?! I

g I: a g

5) o’

110 Ju

A\ 1784.

143

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

N* 23.

An ACCOUNT'of tho Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers for the several Trains of Artillery in England, from the 1st January 1778 to 31st December 1783 respectively Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, 4th February 1784; viz'.

1 1 CO r- £ 33.820 s. 13 d. 8

1779 - 54,052 2 ' 1

CO 0 1 1 1 1 00 O 17 11

1 1 1 OO 52,433 5 6

1782 ... 37,260 6 2

1783 2,958 >3 —

£ 233,385 18 4

Office of Ordnance, 2d March 1784.

N# 24.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums of Money that have been expended in the Fortifications at

Portsmouth, and Plymouth, from 1st January 1770 to 31st December 1783: — Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, 4th February 1784.

1

Chatham Portsmouth -Plymouth

JT. s. d. 144,009 15 —

297,903 8 —

128,178 14 6

£ 570,091 17 6

Memm: Under Portsmouth, is comprehended the Old Works there, and also the Works for inclosing the Dock, Fort Monck 'ton, Haslar, Gosport, Blockhouse Fort, South Sea Castle, Cumberland Fort, Lumps and Easttiey Battery,

IiiUea, Portsea Lines and Bridge Fort, Hurst, Calshot, Yarmouth, and Cowes Castles, and Sandham Fort.

Under Plymouth, is comprehended the Works at the Citadel, Lines, Barracks, and Redoubts, St. Nicholas Island, Pendennis, Dartmouth, and St. Jlazves Castles, Torbay, and the Islands of Scilly.

Under Chatham, is comprehended the Lines, Barracks, and Redoubts, Upnor Castle, Coclcham Wood, and ‘ Howness Forts.

Office of Ordnance, 1st March 1784.

Wilb Nettleshipp.

24 Geo. Ill

ii° Junii.

*43

N° 25. Twelfth

EXTRACT of an Estimate (pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated 12th „,fY»uhliC December 1783) of the whole Expence which will probably be incurred in completing the several Works at Accounts. Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham, Sheer ness, Gravesend, Tillmry, Fever sham, Lundguard Fort, Yarmouth Roads, Woolwich, Lyme Regis, and the Isle of Man, for which Sums are demanded in the Estimate of the Extraordinaries of the Office of Ordnance, presented to the House on the 4th Day of December 1783.

S U M S required for the Year 1784.

ESTIMATE of the whole Expence in completing the several Wdrks for which Sums have been required.

PORTSMOUTH:

Repairs - - - - £. 5,367

This Article contains the Repairs on the old Works, Portsmouth Barracks, Governors House, and other Buildings, at - Lump's Battery,

Eastney Battery, Portsea Lines, Portsea Bridge, Hurst Castle,

Calshot Castle, Yarmouth Castle, Sandawn Castle, and Pay of Engineers, Overseers, fyc*.

For improving the Works at Cumberland

Fort - - - £.5,000

For new W’orks - - - £. 8,000

This was chiefly intended for those Works called The New Works nearest the Dock Yard.

Towards carrying on the Works at Fort

Monckton - - - £.10,000

The Wall at Haslar Hospital - - £. 3,000

Towards building a Fort at Stokes Bay - £. 11,000

P L Y M

For the Repairs of the Lines,

Citadel,

St. Nicholas Island\

Dartmouth Castle,

Pendennis,

St. Maxves,

Scilly Island,

Obelisk Redoubt,

Governor’s House,

Barracks,

Pay of Engineers, Overseers, 8$(f - £. 5,648

Towards building a new Fort at Mcrrifield, and towards finishing the Redoubts on the Right of the Works at Maker - - £. 8,000

CHAT

For Repairs of Barracks,

Upnor Castle,

Gillingham,

Cockamwood,

Horwness,

Engineers, Overseers, Xc* - - £-3,757

For the Redoubts, and the Lines - - £-8,236

This Sum is all that* is now wanted; but being for Repairs, it is impossible to ascertain what may be wanted in future. To judge from the past, it may amount Annually to nearly the same Suin'.

Colonel Archer, the Engineer, reports, that the completing the Works at Cumberland Fort will amount to £. 20,830. 11. 2.

Colonel Archer's Estimate to complete these Works is £. 101,000; but if other Plans for securing Portsea Island are carried into Execution, it is probable a great Part of this Expence may be saved.

The Engineer, Lieut. Colonel Monadef, being Abroad, the exact Estimate cannot so well be ascertained; but it is supposed may amount to about £. 20,000 more.

To this Expence of the Wall must be added that of a Parapet, which will amount to £.609. 1.

Colonel Moncrief's Estimate to complete this Work, amounts to £.40,676. 5. 11.

O U T H:

This Sum is all that is now wanted; but being for Repairs, it is impossible to ascertain what may be wanted in future; to judge from the past, it may amount Annually to nearly the same Sum.

The Plans and Estimates for the Works at Merri-field are not yet sufficiently settled, so as to fix the precise Sum that will be required to finish them.

H A M:

This Sum is all that is now wanted; but it is impos* sible to ascertain what Repairs may be wanted in future; to judge from the past, it may Annually amount to nearly the same Sum.

The further Expence of completing these Lines will depend upon the System of Fortifications that may be adopted in respect to this Post; but, from the Report of the Engineers, the present Demand seems necessary at all Events.

" It is at present proposed to confine future Works to the principal Dock Yards. — It is computed, that to " render Portsmouth and Plymouth complete will require or £.500,000, which, at £.50,000 per Annum, will " be done in Eight or Ten Years."

The System for Chatham is now under Consideration; until it is determined, no Guess can be made as to the whole Expence that may attend it.

Will. Nettlcshipp.

Vo l. 40.

144

Twelfth’

Report

on Public; j^o 26

Accounts.

GEORGE R.

Whereas you have represented unto Us, that the present Establishments, in the several Branches of the Ordnance, are in many Repects defective, and ill calculated for carrying on the Business of that Office with Regularity and (Economy, and particularly in respect to the Proofs of Powder and Ordnance, which have lierc-tofore been under the Inspection of the principal Officers and their Clerks, and other inferior Officers, whose frequent Attendance at Woolwich and Purjlect for this Purpose occasioned considerable Expence, and was attended with much Loss of Time, whereby other material Business was neglected:

And you having also represented unto Us, that the Salaries of the Clerks, and others, are in no Degree proportioned to their several Duties, being, in some Instances, multiplied under various Titles, which are mere Sinecures, whilst in other Cases they are very inadequate to the Labour performed; from whence Temptations have arisen to some of the said Persons to take illegal Fees, and to receive unwarrantable Perquisites, under the Pretence of expediting Business, in consequence of which the Charges on' the Public have been necessarily enhanced; and many of the said Clerks have also been induced to act as Agents for Artificers, Contractors, and Persons supplying Stores for the Office of Ordnance, and for others employed therein; by which Means the Business thereof has been subject to great Partiality and Irregularity:

I11 order, therefore, to remedy these Evils, We have thought fit to approve of the Plan of Establishment which you have proposed to Us, hereunto annexed, for the several Branches of the Office of Ordnance, amounting to £.34,457* 1. 6. per Annum; which, notwithstanding the reasonable Increase of Salaries it contains, yet, from Savings in the Expence of Proofs, and other Articles, appears still to be within the Sums heretofore expended for the same Services.

Our Will and Pleasure therefore is, That you cause the said Establishment to be carried into Execution, and that the same shall take place from the 31st of December last.

And whereas the several Salaries contained in the said Establishment are to be considered as a full and ample Compensation for the respective Services to be periotmed; Our Will and Pleasure is, That from henceforth no Gratuity, Fee, or Reward, shall be demanded, received, or taken, under any Pretence whatsoever; nor shall any Agency for any Artificer, Contractor, or Persons supplying Stores for the Office of Ordnance, or for any Person employed therein; nor any Contract, or Share of Contract, for the Supply of Stores, Materials, Work, or Goods of any Kind for the said Office, be permitted or allowed to be held or enjoyed by any Person or Persons possessing any of the Offices in the said Establishment contained: Ex cepting only from this Prohibition, the Agencies to any Officer of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, or Corps of Engineers, the Contract for keeping Bedding in Repair at the several Barracks, and the following Fees, allowed by our Royal Predecessors, or received by ancient Custom; viz.

Junu. 1784.

nifications for Admission, of any Under Minister, Clerk, Artificer, or Tradesman, Four Pounds.

For making out and entering the Commission of any Gunner, or Warrant for any Labourer, or Workmen, either in Our Office of Ordnance, or Armoury, to be borne upon the Quarter Books, Three Pounds.

From each Regiment in Great Britain, for the Annual Delivery of Ammunition, One Pound One Shilling.

From each Regiment, on Delivery of new Anns, One Pound One Shilling.

From each Gunner of Ships of War, for Certificate on settling his Accounts, Ten Shillings and Six Pence.

From each of the Captains of Ships of War, for Certificate on settling the Gunners Accounts, Five Shillings.

And the several accustomed Gratuities received from Persons permitted to see the several Armouries and Places under the Direction of our Board of Ordnance.

With respect to the Proofs of Powder and Ordnance, it is our further Will and Pleasure, That the Superinteiulance of Salt Pctre, and making of Powder, shall, under the Directions of the Master General, or Board of Ordnance, be committed to the Care and Inspection of the Comptroller of our Laboratory at Woohckh: And that all Proofs of Powder shall he made in Presence of Our said Comptroller, the Fire Master, and Assistant Fire Master, or any Two of them, with One of the respective Officers of Our Magazine at Purjlect.

That the Superintendance of casting Brass and Iron Ordnance, and of making Gun Carriages or Mortar Beds, and the preparing Drafts for the same, shall (under the Direction of the Master General, or Board of Ordnance) be committed to the Care of the In spector of our Artillery; and that all Proofs of Ordnance shall be made in the Presence of Our said Inspector, with his Assistant, and the Proof Master, or any Two of them.

And We do hereby confirm the Power heretofore given to you, or the Board of Ordnance, in like Cases, to make such further Alterations as from Time to Time shall be found more agreeable to the Service, provided that the whole of the Establishment and Allowances approved and confirmed by this Our Warrant be not exceeded.

And for so doing this shall be, during Our Will and Pleasure, a sufficient Warrant and Authority, as well to you, as to all other Our Officers and Ministers herein concerned.

Given at our Court at St. Jamess, this 24th Day of January, 1783.

By His Majesty’s Command,

Thomas Tuunshend.

To Our Right Trusty, and Right Entirely beloved Cousin and Counsellor Charles Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny,

Master General of Our Ordnance.

For making out and entering any Patent, Commission, or Warrant, from Us, constituting any Officer or Minister, upon the Quarter Books of our said Office,

Four Pounds.

For making out and entering the Warrants, or Sig-

Office

A4 , Ge^. III.

Office of Ordnance, £5th of January 1783.

PRESENT,

Master General,

Lieutenant General,

Surveyor General,

Clerk of the Ordnance,

Principal Storekeeper,

Clerk of the Deliveries.

Ordered, That if any Person* possessing any of the Offices in the aforesaid Establishment contained, shall hereafter directly or indirectly demand, receive, or take any Gratuity, Fee, or Reward, under any Pretence whatsoever (excepting only such as are included in \he said enumerated List of Fees) he shall be instantly dismissed from the Office he holds, and shall never again be admissible into the same, or any other Office under the Ordnance.

Ordered, That if any Person, possessing any of the Offices in the aforesaid Establishment contained, shall hereafter directly or indirectly hold any Agency for any Artificer, Contractor, or Person supplying Stores for this Office, or for any Person employed therein (excepting only the Agencies to any Officer of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, or Corps of Engineers) he shall be instantly dismissed from the Office he holds, and shall never again be admissible into the same, or any other Office under the Ordnance.

Ordered, That if any Person, possessing any of the Offices in the aforesaid Establishment contained, shall hereafter directly or indirectly hold or ertjoy, or be in any Way concerned in the holding or enjoying, any Contract, or Share of Contract, for the Supply of Stores, Materials, Works, or Goods of any Kind for this Office, he shall be instantly dismissed from the Office he holds, and shall never again be admissible into the same, or any other Office under the Ordnance.

By Order of the Board,

John Boddington, Secrjr.

N* 27;

*The Examination of Mr. John Daniel Lauzun;

„ taken upon Oath, March 17th and 22d 1784.

This Examinant saith. That he is Messenger to the Board of Ordnance, and has been in that Office about4 Thirteen Years. — It is his Business to make certain Payments on Account of the Ordnance; the Persons he is employed to pay are, the Furbishers, the Artificers, and the Labourers at the Tower; he pays likewise the Stoppages of Artificers belonging to the Train of Artillery Abroad, and such other Sums as he is directed to pay by the Board. To enable him to make these Payments, Sums are from Time to Time imprested to him by the Board. When he is in Want of Money, he makes up a State of his Cash, and sends it to the Board, with a Letter desiring a Sbpply.

Three Bills are sent to him every Month for Payment; the Furbishers Bill is sent to him by the Master Furbisher, signed by him and a Clerk in the Office of the Storekeeper; he sends this Bill to the Board, who direct the exact Sum to be imprested to him, to discharge that Bill: — He himself pays the Persons therein named the Sums set opposite their Names, and they either w rite their Names, of set their Marks.

The Artificers Bill is sent to him, signed by the Modeller; he pays the Persons named in this Bill, of Course, upon the Authority of the Signature of the Vol. 40.

O (V

11 Junii.

Modeller. — He receives the Labourers Bill from the Twelfth-Clerk of the Check at the Tower, signed by him; he sends it to the Board; it is returned to him with ^Junis^ an Entry of the Order of the Board directing him to pay it. The Stoppages are paid pursuant to an Order of the Board; and an Imprest Bill is sent to him from the Clerk of thfe (Jrdnance. — All other Payments, except some very small ones of Course, as Postage of Letters, are paid by him in consequence of Orders from the Board.

His Accounts are passed every Six Months, by the Surveyor General, examined by the Clerk of the "Ordnance, and a Debenture made out to vacate his Imprest.

He pays the Land Tax and Window' Tax for the Tower, in consequence of Imprest Bills sent to him by the Board for that Purpose.

John Darn Lauzun\

T. Anguish,

Sfam1 Beachcroft, Geo. Drummond\ 1Villm Roe.

N° 2$.

The Examination of Richard Bethel Cox, Es-

quire; taken upon Oath, April 2d and 7th

1784.

This Examinant saith, That Messrs. Richard Cox and Arthur Mair were Paymasters of the Artillery, from the Year 1772 to the 30th April 1782, when they were superseded: He w as employed in the Office under his Father Richard Cox, from the Year 1773 the Year 1782; the Cash Account of Messrs.- Cox and Mair with the Board of Ordnance, delivered by him to this Board, and dated the 31st March 1784, contains, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, a true State of that Account, down to the 30th April 1782.

The Board of Ordnance are at this Time indebted to them in the Sum of Fifteen thousand and Fifty-six Pounds Teh Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings, including their Agency and Salaries. — The Sums issued by the Board of Ordnance to the Paymaster, for the Monthly Subsistence of the Artillery, are computed upon the Establishments in Great Britain and in the Mediterranean; but the Sums issued by him include the Subsistence not only of those Establishments, . but also of Supernumeraries, who are mustered in the Companies of Artillery at Home, in order to recruit the Companies Abroad, and of Soldiers doing Duty at Home, but belonging to Companies Abroad; and for these the Board never issue the Subsistence to the Paymaster, yet the Commanding Officers of the different Detachments and Companies draw upon him for Sums on Account, to pay this Subsistence, for which they return to the Paymaster Monthly Pay Lists, as their Vouchers: The Subsistence of thfcse Supernumeraries and jSbldiera at Home, is considered as a Part of the Subsistence of the Companies iri Aiiierica and in the West Indies; those Companies are paid by Paymasters there appointed by the Board. The Paymaster in Canada receives his Money by Drafts upon the Paymaster in London; the Paymasters in the other Parts of America, and in the West Indies, either draw for their Money upon the Board of Ordnance, or receive it by Remittances from Contractors; all these Sums issued to the Paymasters Abroad; are charged to the Account of the Paymaster at Home, who himself passes their Accounts, and passes his own Account of the Issues and Expenditures of the whole Regiment, in the Office of the Surveyor General. The last Account passed by the Paymaster in England, is an Account of the Year Pp *7/6:

Twelfth Report no Public Accounts*

146

II" Junii.

A. 1784.

1776: No Account subsequent to that Year could be Requisition; he pays them from Tune to Time, pursuant

passed, because the Vouchers for the Accounts of the to Orders of the Board.

subsequent Years, -of the Detachment taken Prisoners Rich!1

at Saratoga, were not received by the Paymaster until

December last Sums for Contingencies are issued by Geo.

the Board to the Paymaster, by Imprest, upon his Will Roe.

N\29.

b'. Office of ORDNANCE. With Messrs. Cox and Mair. V.

1782. . 1782.

April 30th. To Cash paid in Advance, 1. s. d. April 30th. By Cash in our Hands, , 1. 6. 4.

on Account of Subsist- on Account of Half

ence of the Royal Re- Pay and Invalid Pen-

giment of Artillery, to sions - - - - 4,63d 16 Si

30th April 1782 - - - 14,555 12 By D* - D°, Garrison

To D* - - D*, on Account Gunners - - - - 4,934 9 V

of Contingencies - - - ‘ 0,097 q 5 By D° - D°, Gunners on

To D* - - D* - - D*, petty the Coasts - - - - 162 7 —

Allowances to Captains By D* - D°, Coals and of Companies - - - 2,498 3 4 Candles to D* - - - 392 16 8

To D" - D* - D*, Captain By D* - D°, Savings by

Grant and other Officers Exchange on drawing

Travelling Bill, unset- the Subsistence of the

tled Lr\ O OO O 1 Detachment serving in

To D* - D® - D®, Widows the Mediterranean 4,739 4 l

Pensions 2,811 10 8 By D® - D°, recovered

by a Stoppage from the

Officers of the Regiment, for a Debt due

by Capt. Sympson to

Capt. Scott - - - 554 19 7

Balance overpaid - - 15,056 10 n|

t . 30,471 4 61 L 30,471 4

Craig's Court, 31 March 1784.

(Errors excepted)

For Messrs. Cox and Mur.

Beth! Cox.

ments, were sent every Month to the Pay Office N* 30. by the acting Commissary of Stores, who mustered

them; from these Rolls Pay Lists were formed every The Examination of James Fraser, Esquire; Month in the Office, containing the Names and Star-taken upon Oath, January 22d and 23d, 1784. tions of the Persons employed; the Number of Days

they were employed was taken from a Check List de-This Examinant saith, That he was acting Pay- livered to the Paymaster by the Overseer of the master to the Artillery serving with the Army in Works, who was answerable for the Truth of that

North America. — He was appointed to this Office by List: The Rate per Day is taken from the Rule laid

General Pattison, who commanded the Artillery upon down by the Board of Ordnance long ago, and adopt- Mr. Grant's leaving America in September 1780. It ed in and the Sum due is calculated in the

was his Duty to defray every Expence of the Artil- Office. — The Truth of this List must be certified by

lery, Civil and Military, pursuant to written Orders -the Signature of the Commissary of Stores; it is then of the Commanding Officer of the Artillery. — All sent to the Commanding Officer of Artillery, who the Money he received for this Service was from the signs the Direction to the Paymaster to pay the Per-Office of Ordnance, either by Cash remitted from sons therein mentioned the Sums set opposite their England to the Paymaster of Artillery for the Time Names. — These Persons are then assembled together being, or by Bills of Exchange drawn by him on the at the Pay Office, and each is paid the Sum set oppo-Office of Ordnance, and attested by the Commanding site his Name, and signs his Name, or sets his Mark, Officer of Artillery. — The Conductors, Artificers and in the Presence either of the Paymaster or his Clerks. Labourers, were paid in the following Manner- Lists of Free Negroes, who cannot write, are paid

Muster Rolls, containing their Names and Employ- in the Presence of Two Persons of Character, who

7 attest

44 GfiO. III. H° Junii. *47

attest the Parents; these Pay Lists art the Vouchers for the Paymaster in passing his Accounts id the Office of the Surveyor General of the OrdfiAnce. — Where Stores have been supplied, the Merchant delivers in his Bill to the Commissary, who examined and attests it, and is answerable for the Truth of it: Upon this Attestation the Commanding Officer directs the Payment, which is made in the Presence of Two Witnesses, who attest the Receipt, Ever since his Appointment, it has been a Rule, introduced by the Commanding Officer and himself, to require to every Order for Payment the Certificate and Attestation of the executive Officer, who is answerable for the Truth of all the Circumstances expressed upon the Face of the Bill.

Before he was appointed to this, Office, it wad not usual in general to require such Certificates. — In the

Year 1776 the Artillery were allotted a dumber of Waggons, Horses, and Drivers, by the Quarter Master General; a Bill was brought in by him for their Hire, which was paid by the Ordnance. The Commanding Officer of Artillery seeing it would be more beneficial, and less expensive to the Service, to make the Waggons and purchase the Horses, than to hire them, from that Time constructed most of the Waggons, and purchased all the Horses thqy wanted, as they could get them.

James Fraser.

T. A nguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich* Neave,

Sam! Beachcrofti;

Geo. Drummond,

Will- Roe.

N* 31.

LIST of the Persons remaining Insuper upon the Accounts of the Treasurers and Paymasters of the Ordnance, from the 26th of March 1673, to the 1st of December 1714, as particularized in the Account of John Plumptret, Esquire, late Treasurer and Paymaster, from the 1st of January 17*27, to the 31st of December 1728. — Declared the 8th of January 1729; viz*.

Date of Imprest

1673.

26th March. 1st May.

29th May. 4th June.

3d D*. 5th D°.

17th.

1st July. 3d.

iBy Sir George Wharton, late Treasurer and Paymaster of the said Office; viz*.

From the 26th of March 1673, to the last of June following: viz*.

Edward Shtrwin, for Nailing Ordnance -Jonas Moor, for Travelling Charges 'Thomas Clarke, for D°

Peter Overing, in Part of an Imprest of £35 for D° -Robert Shorting, for Freight -Richard Sherwood, for D° - -

Thomas Adamson, Und others -Rich* Boyes, for fitting Ships for Horses -Sir John Baptista Dutell, for Brass Ordnance -

John Hill, as Purveyor -Richard Tottersell, for Freight,

Richard Boyes, for D° - -

Richard Mayor, for D° - - -Robert Sampson, for D* -George Lock, for D° -Richard Somersett, for D° - -

John Wilson, for D° -Thomas Hunn, for D° -Thomas Helby, for D° - «

Richard Shorten, For D°

John Reynholds, for D°

Robert Pillburgh, for D* -John Hill, for Straw at Blackheath

From the last of June 1673, to the last of June 1674; viz*.

Paul Prim, for Freight -

Thomas Clarke, for Travelling Charges -

£. s. d.

£. s. d.

1,851----

40.

John

Twelfth Report on Public Account

'1

twelfth Report on Public Account*.

Date of Imprest.

1673.

3d July.

5th.

ythv

19th.

- 24th.

Joth September. 18th October.

1674.

8 th January, gth February.

3i st March. 3d April. 23d.

11 Jumi.

John Hill,oh Accohipt for Straw at Black*

heath -John Perry, oh Accompt of Freight Henry Mason, D* -

Rowland Lewis,on Acco‘ of Travelling

Charges -

John Maund, D° - -

Paul Linby, D* - 1 - - *

Edward Hampden, for Nailed and Turned Ordnance -

Francis Newby, for Service at Sheerness -D* - - D* *

100-----

40 — — 40-----

5-----

5'----

300-----

300-----

50-----

100 — —

John Brown, for Iron Ordnance -Captain Thomas Dowde, for Strengthening Powder -

Edward Wise, for Service at Windsor -Jonas Moor, for Travelling Charges Francis Newby, for Service at Sheemess -

400----

5-----

20----

100----

500----

jl. 1*78*4.

2,013-----

From the last of'June 1674, to the last of June 1675; viz1.

§d September. 3dO'ctober.

1675.

"* 26th June.

The said Francis New by, for the like Edward Clough, for Paving -

250-----

50-----

John Brown, on Accompt of fireworkers 4

From the last of June 1675, to the last of June 1676; viz*.

20-----

18th November.

1676.

15 th May.

'Thomas Hinson, for pulling down the Gate

in Cold Harbour - - - - 20-----

William Harrington, for Salving Guns - 5° "* —

John Brown, for Fireworks -

From the last of June 1676, to the last of June 1677; viz*.

17th October. John Watkmson, for Repairs at Hull

1677.

7th March. John Abrooke, for Travelling Charges 21st April. Nicholas Cheltenham, for sundry Dis-' bursements -24th. John Watkinson, for Repairs at Hull 25th May. John Brown, for Fireworks -

From the last of June 1677, to the last of June 1678; viz’.

60

10

20

60

20

i 7lh July.

23d October. 1678.

8th January. 1st February.

14th. 2 2d.

27th. 9th March.

4th April.

Captain Richard Leake, on Accompt of repairing his House -John Brawn, for Fireworks -

Edward Wise, for Works at Windsor Capt. Samuel Williams, for Works at Gosport -

Henry LinCOlti, for Travelling Charges -Richard Shaw, for Armour sent to Jamaica - -

'Emanuel Billings, bn Acco* of Gunners -

Capt. Samuel Williams, for Works at

Gosport - *

Nicholas Cheltenham,on Accompt of Dis*

bursements - - - > -

20----

1.000 -

5-----

io-----

50-----

1.000 -

60 — . —

William

r

GOO^l

24 Geo. Ilf;

iV Jti

149

Date of Imprest.

1678.

16th May. William Buckler, for Poivdfer 30th, Capt. Samuel Williams, for Portsmouth -

12th July. 24th.

30th.

of June 1679 > viz*.

Edward TVise, for Works at Windsor Capt. Samuel Williams, for Works at ( port -

of this Office, for an Imprest of £. 15: to John Mason, which was not delivered over to him to the succeeding Treasurer -

loth October. Capt. Samuel Williams, for Works at Portsmouth -1st August. Robert Minors, for Repairs at Upnor 30th September. John Brawn, for Travelling Charges

10th October. Sylas Taylor, for Repairs at Landguard Fort -

i4th December, John Watkinsorf, for Repairs at Hull

1679.

69th January, yth April,

Richard Blake, for Repairs at Plymouth -Major Martin Beckman, for Travelling Charges - . «« *

12 th July: 9th August:

27th September. 4th November*

1680.

3d January. 22d April. 2 2d May.

1679.

14th October.

30th.

25th.

9th December.

1680.

29th April.

10th June.

From the last of June 1679, to the last of June 1680; viz*.

tVilliam Consens, for standing Carriages -Capt. Samuel Williams, for Works at Porfehiouth -D° — for providing Carriages there D® — for enlarging the Grafts, and making the Works there -

D° — for new Carriages there D° — for Works and Fortifications these D° — for carrying on the Works at Portsmouth - -

John Braver, Assignee of John Watkinson, in Part of an Imprest of £.30, for . taking Remains at Hull -Peter Brough ton, for Major George Holmes, for Sheets for Companies in the Isle of

Wight....

Richard Beawoir, for Capt. James Izard, for Repairs at Landguard Fort -Sir Thomas Fitch, for repairing the Wharf at Gravesend -».

Henry Lincoln, for Six Gunners sent to Tangier -Chris' Fells, and Gifford Selfeth, for smiths sent to Tangier

From the last of June 1680, to the last of June 1681; viz*.

24th June. Capt. Samuel Williams, for Works at Portsmouth -16th September. D# - - - - D° -

19th October. D* - - - - D® - -

1681. _

15th January. D° - - - - P* . *

ypL. 40.

3,000- 1,000

0,215

5 300

15

306 50 5

1-1 t § 1 1 I 1

60

40 — — 915 — —

100

1,000 .500

400 — —

1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 10

500

4 18 2

71 10 —

42 — — .

100 *-

6o

20 — - — 3,798 8 2

383 *7 6 100 100

65 19 10 -

Capt.

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts. -4

11 ° Juniu

Tw'im Bepo/t on Public He

*50

Date of Imprest. l68l.

17th February. Capt. Samuel Williams for Works at Ports mouth - - *

17th March. D* - - - - D* -27th July. Dr. Sam! Willierms, for Captain Richard Basset, for raising 5 o Miners for Tangier

1680.

8th September. Margaret Marshall a -

18tht Capt Richard Basset, for the Charge of Miners sent to Tangier -

18th November. John Murdock, for Henry Hooke , for discharging the Quarters of the Miners sent to Tangier - -

pth December. D* - - - - D* - -

I4thi Sir Hugh Piper, for Charges of Miners -

In all remaining ffisuper in the Treasurership of Sir from

26th March 1673, to the last of June 1681 - - 4 - -

By Charles Bertie, Esquire, another kite Treasurer of the Ordnance, viz'.

From the last of June 1681, to the last of June 1682; viz*.

1681.

14th October. Thomas Towers, for Tilbury Works

6th March. Edward Clarice, for Materials for the Works at Portsmouth - -

16th, John Hill, for defraying Charges at Portsmouth -

1682.

25th April. Thomas Phillips, D*

1683.

From the last of June 1682, to the last of June 1683 > viz*.

3d April. John Hill, for Repairs at the Observatory at Greenwich - - - „ -

3d May. D° - - - - D° at Sheemess

1682.

25th August. Fred Pffcey, for loading Stores 5th September. D*, - - - - D* - -

D°, - - - for a Boat and Furniture

1683.

From the last of June 1683, to the last of June 1684; viz*.

4th July. Major Marlin Beckman, for Engines at Tangier -

nth October RichardBlaker- -

21st Julyt Capt. Henry Mudd, for Freight of Stores to Tangier -a ith August Thomas Potts, for Freight of Stores

1684.

14th June. Thomas Phillips and Richard Wharton, for Charges in his then Majesty’s Service -

From the last of June 1684, to the last of June 1685; viz*.

16th August Frauds Newby, for Fortifioations at Tilbury - -

1685.

2d May. D* - - - for Works at Tilbury 27th. D* - - D*- - -

100 — — 200 — — .

100----

50----

200----

137 10 —

30----

48 15 —

A. 17841

1,510

100 — 20 —

5 —

10 — —

10 — 22 —

10 — 30 — 13 —

SO — —

20----

100 -

266 13 4

100 ——

223 — . — .

50----

50----

*6,878 10 6

135----

85-----

516 13

Thomas

%i6 jfu

24 Geo. III.

Date of Imprest.

1684.

8th October, Thomas Glover, for Fire Shot

Francis Nervby, for the Charge of receiving Stores at Tilbury -

*1685.

11th June. D*, - on Accompt of the Fortifications -

1684.

25th September* John Hill, for carrying away Earth at the Bowling Green -

1685.

30th June.v Francis Newby, for landing Stores - - -John Arnold, Esquire, Paymaster of the late Train of Artjllery sent from the , Tower -

From the last of June 1685, to the last of June 1686; viz*.

6th July. 24th September. 1st October.

29th. 15th August. 1686.

24th May.

9th September.

8th January. 1687.

31st May.

1686.

18th September.

gist December.

1687.

10 May. 7th June.

28 th.

1686.

18th November.

1687.

31 May. 10th.

Francis Newby, for Works at Tilbury D% - DV - -

D#, - for paying extraordinary

Labourers* there -John Downes and Robert Fitch Charles Jackson, for Works at Berwick -

Francis Povey and Mathew Blyton, in Part of an Imprest of £. 20, being appointed to attend the Arms and Ammunition at Hounslow

From the last of June 1686, to the last of June 1687 > viz*.

Richard Arden, and Partners, for Gravel at Tilbury - - - - *

George Bollen, for Freight -

Adam Ball, for tanned Hides

D°, - for Carriage of Tents - -

Sir Roger Manley, for Repairs at Land-

guard Fort....

D°, - D° -

Francis Povey, for paying Labourers D° - for Chalk and Rubbish -

D° - for taking a Remain

Thomas Phillips, for Works at Poole

Richard Ridge, for D° at Portsmouth James Williams, D° - D* -

10-----

*5~ — 100-----

30-----

10---- —

1,000-----

100

50

10

33

100

io-----

108 1 4 10

60 — 50 —

50----

50----

100----

>150 -

50---- r

70----

100----

243 14 3

1,488-----

303 — —

1,036 5 11

1688.

15th May.

1687.

24th March.

10th December.

1688.

5th May. 1687.

5th August. 27th September.

From the last of June 1687, to the last of June 1688.

Walter Devereux, for Repairs at Sand wich -

Charles Jackson, for D* at Berwick William Legg, for paying Labourers

D°

- D*

Anthony Oxnard, and Partners James Williams, for Works ,at Ports mouth -

30 —

570 6 8

Vol. 40.

From

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

152

Date of Imprest*

ii° Junii.

from the last of June 1688, to the last of June 1689; viz*.

1688.

8th December. John Bury

23d February. Robert Butler, for Copper Metal - -

John Duxburgh, for Works at Hull -21st July. William Holmes, &c. for Works at Cal* Shot 4 -

1689.

loth February. D* - for D‘ - 8; *

1688. .

14th August. Sir Thomas for Repairs at

Berwick - - -

13 th September. Sir Robert Holmes -

1689.

29th June. William Hubba for Subsistence of the Train ‘

1688. ,t

15th September. William Legg, fof Works at Tilbury -

1689.

14th May. D* for defraying Charges at Tilbury

16th April. Capt. Jacob Richards, for going to Ireland

as Engineer -

1689.

From the last of June 1689, t6 the last of June 1690; viz*.-

5 — ‘ —

.5°-----

91 5 7

12th November. Colonel John Beaumont, for Repairs at Dover -

6th July. William Hubbald, for the Train

12th. D* - D° -

20th. D* - D* - - - .

1690.

25th April. Capt. William Merrill, for looking after the Horses designed for Ireland 8th May. D* - for feeding them -

19th. D* - for defraying the Charges of Horses and Carts -D° - D*

7th June. D\ - for conveying Horses to Highlake 29th March. Fra' De La Pierre, for Tents

1689.

15th October. Jacob Richards, for Disbursements in Ireland ....

1690.

29th March. John Young, for Tents »

From the last of June 1690, to the last of June 1691; viz*.

23d December. Shad1 Fox, for Grenado Shells

2d August. Sir Robert Holmes, for Works at the Isle of Wight, in Part of £. 400 7th October. William Hubbald, for the Train in Ireland -

17th March. D* ——

23d. William Merrill, to buy Horses -

1691.

15th April. D*, - for defraying Charges of Horses

23d June. D*, - for Travelling Charges

1690.

7 th October. David Rail, for Freight -

1691.

2d April. Sir Poly carpus IVharton, Bart, for the Powder Works at Chilworth 16th. D" - D* -

25th. D* - D* -

205

205

5 9* 5 91

156 19 — 50----

150 — - 820 12 -

800-----

5,000-----

50 —

86 9 —

250 —

19 6 8

100----

50 — —

200-----

58 3 6|

700----

20----

100----

300----

25----

52 13 6

1,000 — -

1.000 —

1.000 -

A. 1784;

1,38114 2

7,526 7 8

4,455 *7 — I

From

GOO^l

o cy

ii Jumi,

153

24 Geo. III.

Date of Imprest.

1692.

18th June.

16th April. 1691.

17th October. 1692.

25th April.

1691.

14th January,

23d December.

1692.

23d June.

1691.

17th December.

12th September.

1692.

23d April. 19th.

27th September.

1693.

13th May. 1692-3.

18th February.

1692.

12th January. 4th October. 3d September.

1st.

10th December. 1692-3.

7th February.

1693.

16th September.

1693-4-

22d February.

1693.

16th September.

1694.

20th April.

1693.

30th December.

1694.

2btti April.

5 th May. 1693.

25th July.

From the last of Jutie 1691, to the last

of June 1692; viz*.

Sir Martin Beckman, besides £. 25. 15*

cleared of this Bill - 74 5 —

Peter Careless, for Salary - 20

Shad* Fox, for Shot - 300

William Greening, for Drums 100

Capt. Frar Jordain, for paying Labourers 40

Capt. Thomas Phillips, upon Acco* of Sa-

lary ---- 125

D* 10

John Thompson, for repairing the Tower

Wharf - - - 400

Sir Fra? Wheeler - 20

D°, for Repairs at Deal - 50

Richard Wood, for Waggons, in Part of

£ 100 - - - 3i " —

From the last of June 1692, to the last of

June 1693; viz*.

Major Francis Brockhurst, for paying

Labourers - - 10

Capt. Peter Careless, for Salary 28

Shadk Fox - 50 5 9

Jasper Hicks, for Powder - 40

Roger Moreton ' 60

Capt. Thomas Phillips, for Travelling

Charges - 6o

Capt. Godfrey Richards, in Part of an

Imprest of £. 200 - 83 10 n

Col1 Jacob Richards, for Salary 100

D* - - - 100

From the last of June 1693, to the last

of June 1694; viz*.

Peter Careless, on Accompt of his Salary

as Engineer - 25 — —

William Hubbald, for the Service of the

Train in Ireland - 10

Edward Harman, for repairing old Bed-

ding - - - - 30

Thomas Phillips, for Travelling Charges - 10

Samuel Pelting, and others, for Travelling

Charges to Guernsey, in Part of £. 40 - 20

Lieut. Col1 Jacob Richards, on Acco* of

Salary - - 100

Lieut. Col1 Jacob Richards, for paying

Officers and Soldiers going to Guernsey 200 1 4

D6, for Fireworks and Bombardiers 140

Richard'Wood, in Part of an Imprest of

£. 100, for Stores for Land Service 73

Vol. 4ft

1,170 5 ~

531 16 8

617 1 4 Rr

Twelfth Report on I'ublic Accounts.

From

154

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts. Date of Imprest

1694. 22d January.

29th September.

1695-9th April. 12th. 1694. 1st November.

11

A. 1784

From the last of June 1694, to the last of June 1695; viz'.

1694.

2 2d January. Fratf Brockhurst, in Part of £. 10, for

nnvin<» Labourers at Greenwich - .

paying Labourers ohn Buckler, for attending Stores -

.....D*

Experiments -

D°, for collecting Proportions of Stores -

iqth January. D* ——

1695.

7 th May. Capt. Glendall for William Thomas, for Clothes for the Train -

From the last of June 1695, to the last of June 1696; viz*.

28th September. Edward Canter, in Part of £. 300 -4th January. John Maddocks, for Travelling Charges -

1696.

4th June. Edward Silvester, - - D°

23d April. Sir Polycarpus Bart, for Gunpowder -

3 5 3 353 H —

176-----

25----

20----

30----

30----

50 —

70 *9 5 5 ——

10-----

11,593 15 ~

From the last of June 1696, to the last of June 1697; viz*.

17th October. John Buckler, for attending the Bomb

Vessels in the Streights - - .[ 1,100

15th September. Benjamin Furzer, for Work for Ships 1697.

2d June. Shad1' Fox, for Guns -1696.

31st October. Isaac Heroey, for attending the Bomb Vessels with Stores ..

26th January. Heber Lands, for going as Engineer to the Leeward Islands -

6th February. D*, for going to Barbadoes -19th January. Michael Richards, for going as Engineer to Barbadoes -15th August. Richard Thompson, for Gunners Stores at Jamaica -

1697.

28th January. D°, for Gunners Stores there

7 19 6

56-

120 — —

50 — 59 10 —

50 — —

67 10 9

272 7 4

1697-8. 8th January.

From the last of June 1697, to the last of June 1698; viz*.

Hugh Boscawen, for Repairs at S* Maw's Castle, being Part ®f an Imprest of

L- 150. -....

19th March. Capt. Fra? Jordain, for His Majesty’s Service at Tilbury Fort -

1697.

7th December. Heber Lands, for his Pay as Engineer at Barbadoes ....

1698.

3d May. D*, as Engineer in the West Indies

From the last of June 1698, to the last of June 1699; viz*.

1 ith March. Jeffery Griffith, for the Charge of stamp.

ing Warrants for the Engineers -

687 19 3

1,679 14 5

1,783 7 7

60 17

20----

33 12 — 88 16 —

203 5 1

20----

Heber

24 Geo. III.

Date of Imprest.

n° Junii.

1698.

7th October.

10th November.

Heber Lands, on Acc* of his Service as Engineer at Barbadoes -

Bill for /. 249 . 8. 6. - -

6th December. D® - - D" - _

20th. D® _ - D® _ _

22d. D° D® _ _ _

1698-9.

5th January. D" - - D® _ - .

10th. D® - - D® _ *

14th. D® - - D" - .

31st. D® - - D' - _

D" - - D" _ _

25th February. D° - - D® - -

4th March. D® - - D® - *

11th. D® - - D® -

2 2d. D® - D® _

1699.

1st April. D® - - D® - .

D® - - D" - -

2 2d. D® - - D®

gth May. D® - - D® - - .

16th. D" . - D®

22d June. D° D* 9 . m — _

15th. D° - - D® - 1 - -

In all remaining Insuper in the Treasurership of Charles Bertie; Esquire, from the last of June 1681, to the last of June 1699 -

By the Honourable Harry Mor daunt, Esquire, late Treasurer of the Ordnance; viz*.

From the last of June 1699, to the last of June 1700; viz'.

1700.

16th May. John Champante, for making a Sodd Fort at New England -

1699.

20th February. Thomas Smith, Part of an Imprest of £. 80, for carrying on His Majesty’s Service at Chatham -

1700. 1

6th April. Thomas Morgan, for Metal -

25th June. Col1 Jacob Richards, for getting the King and Queens Statues at Venice -

1699.

2d December. Philip JVightman, for Brass Ordnance

1701.

24th May.

1700.

From the last of June 1700, to the last of June-i 701; viz*.

Robert Latham,in Part of an Imprest of

£. 1,000, for His Majesty’s Service at Newfoundland -

loth December. Capt. Samuel Pittman, for the Cisterns at Hurst Castle -

From the last of June 1701, to the last of June 1702; viz'.

1701.

20th December. Tho* Bristow, to repair Handscrews 1702.

30th March. D°, to make D° -1701.

ad October. Capt. Josiah Crowe, for Gunners Stores for the Ship Arundell

Vol. 40.

60 ——

161 u 5

50 —

50 — 134 2 io|

54 15 —

50----

50----

300----

49 10 7

100----

150----

94 13 10

l86----- r-

100 — —

120----

252 5 —

100----

18 8 — 200 — — 200----

500----

30 6 2 430 _ _

112 10 —

1,200----

53 16 10 40-----

20----

30----

60----

*55

a,501 6 91

26,673 — 101

2,272 l6 2

93 16 10

Thomas

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

i5

Date of Imprest.

1701.

18th December.

1702.

29th April.

11th May.

1701.

4th September.

1701-2.

19th March. 24th.

1702.

1st April. 7th. 13th. 20th. 25th June.

1701. toth December.

1702.

9th April.

ii° Junii.

A. 1784.

1703.

24th June.

Thoms Harrison, for Freight of Stores to

Jamaica -

David Lewis, to pay Bombardiers to attend the Bomb Vessels -D*, to pay the Attendants on D°

John Milner, for hia Service as Bombardier to Jamaica -

Thomas Marwood,to pay Pontoon Men -D*, - - D‘ .

D*, - - D4 -

D*, - - D° .

D’, - - D*

John Pearwe, to pay Miners ... Sir William Phippard, to carry Stone to Newfoundland -

Mich! White, to carry Powder to Anteoga

Col1 Hugh Wyndham, to buy Arms

In all remaining Insuper in the Treasurership of the Honourable Harry Mordaunt, from the last of June 1699, to the last of June 1702

By the Honourable Charles Bertie, late Treasurer of the Ordnance, viz*.

From the last of June 1702, to the last of June 1703; viz'.

Richd Bowen, for Freight of Stores to Newfoundland -6th April. John Blamyre, to pay Fireworkers -D* - - D* -

1702.

26th September.

17th December.

1703.

12th June.

1703-2 2d January.

18th.

1704.

30th May.

1703.

13th November.

9th March.

John Pearne, for Contingencies for the Descent Train.

D°, for paying an Engineer in D* -

John Roop, for fixing a Boom at New foundland ....

Edward Hubbald, Clerk to the said Charles Bertie, Esquire, for the Value of Two Bills of Imprest paid to him, One for £.200, dated 7th November 1688, for the Service of the Train; the other for £. 160, for paying Bills of Exchange, dated 23d August 1692; in both

From the last of June 1703, to the last of June 1704; viz*.

Ckruf Codrington, Esquire, for Stores for the Ship Maidstone -

Capt. John Foliamb, for Stores bought at Barbadoes ..

D*, - D* -

Col1 Tko’ Marsh, for Repairs at Dover Castle - -

Capt. Mich! Richards, on Accompt of the Works at Newfoundland -

James Senserf , and his Son, to pay a Bill of Exchange -

82 10 —

500 — 350 —

14----

6 6 — 6 6 —

12 12 — 11 18 — 11 18 — 7 2 —

60----

3----

195----

52 10 — 789 12 — 336 -

90----

30----

10-----

1,370 12 —

3,737 5 —

1,308 2 —

360----

35 7 41

16 6 8

14 7 6

10 — —

3i 15 6

8 ,16 —

116 13 — j

From

24 Geo. III.

Date of Imprest.

t i° Junii.

1704.

28th October.

19th September.

31st October.

21st.

1704-5-25th January. 1705-28th June.

1704-5.

4th January.

1704.

23d December.

1705.

5th June. 26th May.

/ From the last of Jiine 1704, to the last of June 1705; viz*.

James Baygus, on Acco* of his Pay as Clerk going with the Storekeepers to Gibraltar ' - ,

Anthony Fist, to take the Remains of the Fleet at Portsmouth, in Part of ah Imprest of £. 60; the rest being vacated -Solomon Glover, &cR. as Bombardiers going to Gibraltar, Part of £. 50. 8s: -

Richard Jones, on Acco* of his Pay, as Conductor in the Portugal Train -

D%

D*

1705.

5th January.

18th December.

24th.

12th January. 21 st February.

18th May.

7th February.

6th December.

30th April.

26th January.

13th December.

4th April.

19th January.

28th July.

Vol. 40.

John Lewis Petit, for his Pay as Engineer in Portugal -

Capt Thomas Mitchell\ for Gunners Stores for her late Majesty’s Ship the Sheerness -

Capt Thomas Scott, for Gunners Stores for the Mary Gaily -

D°, - - - D* -

Francis Slater, for casting Sheet Lead Shot -

In all remaining Insuper in the Treasurership of the Honourable Charles Bertie, from the last of June 1702, to the last of June 1705 -

By the Honourable Harry Mordaunt, Esquire, late Treasurer of the Ordnance, viz*.

From the last of June 1705, to the last of June 1706; viz*.

Robert Braman, in Part of an Imprest of £.25, on Account of his Pay as Fireworker to the Bomb Vessels Thomas Clarke, to pay Benjamin Bury, Gunner at Gibraltar -D®, to pay Arrears of Two Gunners returned from Gibraltar - - '

D°, in Part of £.25. 18 D#, to pay Subsistence of Gunners there -D°, to D° to Fireworkers, Bombardiers, &c. Henry Cartwright, for 10,000 Arms bought up in Holland -

Akxr Forbes, on Acco* of his Pay, as Practitioner Engineer in Carolina James Gother, for Freight of Stores to Lisbon -

William Griffin, on Acco* of his Pay, as Cooper going to Lisbon -George Hay, to pay Arrears of John Mass, Engineer in the Train -

John Johnson, Esquire, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn from Nevis William Johnson, &c*. for their Pay, as Artificers at Newfoundland Capt. Chaloner Ogle, for Gunners Stores for the Deal Castle - -

Capt. Thomas Scott, for Gunner’s Stores for her late Majesty’s Ship Mary Gaily -

16 16 —

20 —

42.

10 10

3 10 —

50 — —

56 14 ii

4* 1

70 4 i*

20 — — 333 h 9i

_ . *

15 —

10 — 10

2211 3 1518 — 77 7 6 23 10 —

8,095 4 9i

20 — —

118 13 3

16 16 —

34 8 —

32 12 3

36 10 —

811 6 ’ ,

64 15 4

157

2,118 10 9$

S s

Fra'

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

A. 1784.

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

1,58

Date of Imprest.

1706.

11° Junii.

31 st May. Fra Slater,: in Part of an Imprest of £. 30

1705-

27th March. Thomas Traherne, &c*. in Part of an Imprest of £. 155. 8s. on Acco' of Pay as Fireworkers, &c\ with the Bomb Vessels -

6th October. Fra’ Younge, to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn from Lisbon -

From the last of June 1706, to the last of June 1707; viz'.

1707.

31st May. Othniel Barker, for transporting Stores to Newfoundland -

28th June. Joel Burford, on Acco* of his Pay, as Gentleman of the Ordnance 13th May. D° - - D° -

Alex' Forbes, on Acco' of his Pay, as Engineer -28th June. D° - - D* -

24-tii. George Hay, to pay Edward Godson for his Arrears as a Matross -

1706.

16th November! D°, to pay Arrears of Tho‘ Bom-

bardier -

1707.

24th June. William Leaths to defray Contingencies

of the Holland Train

1706.

29th August. Edward Southwell, Esquire, for saving Bombs that were cast away 12th September. Thomas Styles, for Stores for her late Majesty's Ship the Tryton’s Prize -

4th January. Thomas Traherne, oh Acco1 of Pay belonging to the Bomb Vessels, in Part of an Imprest of £ 72. 16 -

9th July. Thomas Traherne and Moses Baxter, for their Pay as Fireworkers belonging to the Bomb Vessels, in Part of an Imprest of £.155- 8 -l2th September. John Wibbon, for transporting Stores to S' Christophers - -

From the last of June 1707, to the last of June 1708; viz'.

1707.

28th February. Charles Blunt, &c\ for their Pay as Practitioner Engineers, in Part of an Imprest of £. 375) in the Name of Henry Chater -

7th August. Alex' Forbes, on Acco* of his Pay as Engineer belonging to the Spanish Train -

1707-8.

13th March. John Jefferys, to pay Capt. James Petit his Arrrears as Engineer ip Spain

1708.

24th April. D*, to pay Pour Months Subsistence to Col1 Richards -

1707.

4th September. John Orlebar and William Powell, finish an Engine to eject a liquid Composition -

1709.

From the last of June 1708, to the last of June 1709; viz*.

5th April. John Bryan, on Acco* of his Pay as Engineer, to the 30th of September 1709 -21st May. Christ' Bristow, in Part of an Imprest of £ 15. 6, to pay a Bill of Exchange -

20 13 ij

25

100

in 15 —

10 — —

10----1

20-----

20-----

6 14 —

676

100-----

20----

40 7

16 16 —

25

99

4 — 1 3

75 — -

30----

20 10 —

105 — .

200 — -

75

6 8

8,737 15 9i

486 4 10

430 10 —

Col1

G00gl

24 Geo. III.

ii° Junii.

*59

Date of Imprest.

1708.

29th January. Col1 Lewis Dutcrne, to pay a Bill of Exchange r

14th September. Fra1 Harrison, in Part of an Imprest of £ 200, to defray Contingencies -30th December. Thomas Holt, in Part of £.37. 7. .10, remaining due on an Imprest of £281. 19. 6, to pay sundry Bills of Exchange -

14th March. John Horseley, for Gunner’s Stores for the Ship Centurion -

19th February. John Jefferys, to pay Dan1 Parish, Cooper 12th March. D°, to pay lVm Brownridge’s Wife an Advance -

14th. D*, to pay Col1 Leivis Dutcrne, Engineer

30-----

83 16 4i

896

517 19 91 10----

20 -

270 10 —

1709.

19th April. D°, to pay Roger Davis his Subsistence, as Engineer -

1708.

23d November. Capt. Robert Jackson, for Gunner’s Stores for the Sorlings -6th August. Thomas Kirke, to pay a Bill of Exchange 29th January. Thomas Lloyd, for repairing Fortifications at Newfoundland -1st March. Hermanus Lubeck, on Accd1 of his Pay as Fireworker -23d November. Capt. Conmgsby Norbury, fqr -Gunner’s Stores for the Try ton -

27th January. John Pearne, to pay a Bill of Exchange 15th February. D°, - - - - D°

5th March. D°, - - - - D°

4th November. Capt. Galfridus Walpole, for Gunner’s Stores for the Ship Poole -26th February. John Wheatley, and others, on Acco* of their Pay as Bombardiers, in Part of an Imprest of £-33* *2.

56 12 6

360 12 io£

44 7 6;

52 18 6

16 16 —

167 17 — \

30----

40----

35----

45 7 U

25 4 —

1,890 17 10

From the last of June 1709, to the last of June 1710; viz*.

1709.

24th November. John Ayres, for a Month’s Pay, as a Tender on the Bomb Vessels -

7th March. Robert Braman, being au Advance of Six Months Pay as Fireworker, going to Sea, in Part of an Imprest of £. 88. 4.

1710.

20th May. Robert Churchill, to carry on the Mason’s Work at Blockhouse Point 30th March. Joseph Cross, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Newfoundland- - -

14th April. Edward Clifford, and others, for Four Months Pay in Advance, in going Abroad as Armourers -

1709-

28th July. Col1 Lewis Duierne, Engineer, in Consideration of his Service in Spain -

7th March. Alexr Forbes, being an Imprest of Six

' Months Pay, as an Engineer going on

an Expedition -24th January. John Gvdley, tp pay Wages to Thomas Emmett, Carpenter of the Ship St. Quintin 20th December. Nich* Hutton, to pay for repairing Carriages at Port Mahon -

1710.

18th May. John Jeffries, to pay Matrosses going to Spain -

1709.

6th December. Patrick Johnson, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Edinburgh -

1710.

27th April. John Bryan, for Salary, and an Advance of Pay, as Engineer going to Holland -

58 8 1 \

16 16 —

109 4 6 13 17 6

33 12 —

300-----

84-----

24 17 8

34 7 —

63-----

225-----

125-----

Vol. 40.

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

Col'

Twpjfth

Report on Public Accounts.

166

Date of Imprest.

o cy

11 Ju

1709.

24th November; Col' Sana Vetch, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Boston -29th; D* for raising Matrosses in New England D°, - -D* -

14th December; D*, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Newfoundland -14th March; I)° - - D* from Boston

D°, - - D°....

D* - - D* -

1710.

18 til May. D', - - D° from New York -

D*, - - D*....

D* - - I)* -

D*, - - D°....

11 th. D% - - D° from Boston -

D\ - - D* -

D°, - - D* - -> - -

From the last of June 1710* to the last of June 1711; viz*.

1710.

1st August. John Ayres, for a Month’s Pay for the Hire of his Vesse l, the John and Thomas 5th December. Abraham Carpenter, on Acco' of his Pay, as Fireworker at Port Mahon 13th February. John Collins, being the like Sum by him disbursed at Newfoundland

1711.

17th May. Percival Donkins, &c\ for their Pay, as Fireworkers on board the Granado, in Part of an Imprest of £.38. 17 -

1716.

5th December. John Christian Germain, on Acco* of the Works at Blockhouse Point 25th.' John Huxford\&c\ in Part of an Imprest of f.2 0.6. 11, on Acco* of the Chaplain’s Pay at Newfoundland 17th March. John Jefferys, to pay Capt" Says, &c. going to Spain -

itst December. Col 1 Fra?Nicholson, to subsist Gunners, Matrosses, dec. at Boston -D* - - - - D* -D° to pay a Bill of Exchange from Boston 23d. D° to subsist Gunners, &c*. at Boston 13th November. Thomas Penbucker, for Freight of Stores to Gibraltar

21st December. Col1 Samuel Vetch, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Boston, in New England -D* - - - - D° -

D# - - - - I> - -

23d. D* - - - - D« -

I)0 - - - - D° -

3d January. D* - - - - I).

10th March. D#, to pay Arrears to John Wheatley, Bombardier in New England D#, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Boston D°, - - - - I)# from New York -

From the last of June 1711, to the last of June 1712; viz'.

1711.

24th July. John Ayres, a Month’s Pay for the Hire of his Vessel -

26th January. Capt. Sampson Bourne, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Barbadoes 5th. D° - - - D°

17th July. Thomas Cooke, a Month s Pay for the Hire of his Vessel -26th January. Capt. John Collins, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Newfoundland

362 10 — 48 3 8 48 3 8

24----

m 4 5

13° — —

315 — —

42 11 6

100----

50----

100----

100 — -

95----

100----

ll6 l6. 2f IO 3 9

120 14 —

2 2 — I50-----

— 3 7i

84-----

364-----

145 4 —

124-----

746 1 2

38--

50-----

50-----

65 16 6

30-----

100-----

40-----

20-----

198 9 — 128 —

58

1*

272----

150 w

71 12 6 132 16 —

A- 1784.

2,816 16 — {

2,467 18 3$

Capt

24 Geo.

Date of Imprest.

171J.

19th February.

29th.

1712.

25th April.

1711.

15th December.

11th March.

30th October.

2 2d February.

17th January. 12th July, roth.

1712.

27th June.

1711.

19th January.

1712.

11th April.

15th. 30th May. 13th June.

1712.

6th December.

17*3-12th May.

1712.

9th December.

10th February.

29th July. 2d December.

1713.]0th November.

Vo L. 40.

HI. 110 Junii. 1 (51

Capt. Josias Crowe, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Newfoundland John Green, to pay Fireworkers, &c‘, on board the Bomb Vessels, in Part of an Imprest of £. 62 126 — 10 — Twelfth l Report i on Put-lie Accounts.

Nick1 Hunton} to pay a Bill of Exchange from Port Mahon - 219 5 —

John Jeffb'ys, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Spain -D#, to pay Arrears to Persons in the Spanish Train -Jonas Moore, on Acco' of his Pay, as Engineer going to Gibraltar -Capt. Conningsbury Nor bury, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Anteoga Capt. Fra1 Pearcy, D* from Chatham -Col1 Sam1 Vetch, I)° from Annapolis Royal D* - - - D# from Boston 138 3 31 ,4 40 214 5. 21 12 6 728 12 8 —

D# - - - D° from Annapolis Royal 896 14 —

D* - - - D* from Boston - 896 14 — *

Thomas Watson, to defray contingent Charges in this Office, and to pay Labourers ---- D°, to pay Labourers employed at Greenwich ----- i. D°, - - - D°, in Part of an Imprest of £. 100 D°, - - - on the same Account 116 79 75 1 6 16 14 2 100 4,309 15 7

In all, remaining Insuper in the Treasurership of the Honourable Harry Mordaunt, Esquire, from the last of June 1705, to the last of June 1712 - a ? w 21,139 18 4i

By Charles Eversfield, Esquire, late Treasurer; viz*. From the last of June 1712, to the last of June 1713; viz'.

Paul La Besse, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Genoa - 763

Capt. John Horsely} D° from Leghorn 790 14 2

William Leaths, on Acco' of Arrears due to Col1 Jonas Watson, for his Service in Flanders James Robbe, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Edinburgh - -Edward Sisson, for Repairs at Tinmouth Castle, in Part of an Imprest of £. 40, Edward Wilson, on Acco' of his Pay, as Gunner at New York 50 15 15 — 15 1.4 — 10 00 00 i

From the last of June 1713, to the last of June 17J4; viz'. Robert Welsh, to defray contingent Charges of this Office at Carlisle - 5 16 —

Tt From

Twelfth-Report on Public Accounts.

162 .110 Jun 17 ^4*

Date of Imprest.

1714. 20th August. From the last of June 1714,' to the 1st of December following; viz1. John Haslop, fyc. for Repairs at f Berwick - 145 18 4

In all remaining Insuper in the Treasurership of Charles Eversfeld, Esquire, from, the last of June 1712, to the ist of December 1714 - *" T 1,041 3 9

In all, the Money imprested to the Persons before named, in the several Treasurershi ps of SkGeorg&fVharton, Charles Bertie, Esquire, die Honourable Harry Mordaunt, and Charles Eversfield, Esquire, late Treasurers and Paymasters of the Ordnance, between the 26th March 1673 and the 1st of December 1714, as particularized in the declared Account of John Plamptree, Esquire, late Treasurer and Paymaster of the Ordnance, ended 31st December 1728, and for which they remain accountable at the Determination of the said Account - m + m. 71,588 9 3*

Auditor of Imprest Office,

Scotland Yprd, 17th January 1784.

Jit TVigglesworth,

Deputy to the Right honw' Lewis Lord Sondes,

Auditor.

t

N* 32.

A LIST of the Persons remaining Insuper upon Accounts of the Treasurers of the Ordnance, from 2d December 1714 to 31st December 1780; as particularly expressed in the Account of William , Esquire, Treasqrer and Paymaster of His Majesty’s Ordnance, from the 16th to 31st December 1780.

Date of Imprest.

By Harry Mordpunt, Esquire, another late Treasurer of the Ordnance; viz'.

£ s. d.

£ s. d.

1715.

From the 2d of December 1714 to the 30th of the 6ame Month; viz'.

10th May. ' MathetS Bayley, in Part of an Imprest of 150, to

cast Brass Work and Musquets. - - 82 15 1

1714.

nth February. Francis Nicholson, Esquire, to pay a Bill

of Exchange drawn from Boston - 300 —

From 30th June 1715 to 30th June 1716; viz'.

1715-

18th October. William Arbuckle, in Part of an Imprest of C4. 15.

to pay a Bill of Exchange drawn from Barbadoes - - - - 46 9 10

1716.

8th May. Richard Bagley, to enable him to cast

Brass <7.dnance of several Natures - 120 — —

1715.

20th September. Captain Thomas Marwood, to subsist

Gunners at Newport - - - 22 1 __

382 15 1

188 10 10

From

4 Geo. III.

Date of Imprest.

II

Junii.

1716.

From 30th June 1716 to 30th June 1717; viz*.

23d August. Captain William Horne to pay a Bill of Exchange-,

1716.

drawn from Placentia

3 5 —

6th September. Captain Thomas Phillips, to pay a Bill of

Exchange drawn from Hull - - 30 — —

1716.

7th August Lieut' John St. Loot, to pay a Bill of

Exchange drawn from Barbadoes - 70 8 4,

1716.

2 2d February. D®, to pay a Bili of Exchange drawn -

from Virginia - - - - 70 — — J

1717.

From 30th June 1717 to 30th June 1718.

25th February. James Lully, in Part of an Imprest of 20, for Repairs at Stirling and Dumbarton Castles, in North Britain -

1719.

From 30th June i7t8to 1st January fdllowing.

0th December. Alex'Campbell, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Edinburgh, in Part of an Imprest of £.40

In all, by Harry Esquire, late Treasurer of the Ordnance - *

1721.

By John Pluirtptree, Esquire, another late Treasurer of the Ordnance.

From 1st January 1720 to 31st December i 721; viz*.

19th December. Patrick Crawford, in Part of an Imprest of £ 1,400, remitted by Henry Neal, Esquire, to Port Mahon -

From 1st January 1721 to 31st December 1722.

1722.

5th March. The same Person, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Mahon.....-

1722.

From 1st January 1722 to 31st December 1723.

4th December. Lieut* John Melledge,in Part of an Imprest of £ 150, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Annapolis -

From 1st Januaty 1724 to 3.1st December 1725.

1725-

12th May. John Price, in Part of an Imprest of £. 2,000, to carry on the Works, and subsist the Civil Officers at Gibraltar

163

17313 4

4 18 11

9 11 h

75$ 9 $

561 11 11I

1,169 14 —

— 23

From 1st March 1737 to 31st December 1738.

1738-

30th May. John Camming, in Part of an Imprest of £. 15. on Account of Mason’s Work dep&at the Governor’s House at Berwick - V

7 17 4

From 1st January 1739 to 31st December 1740-

1740.

nth April. William Wilson; in Part of an Imprest of £ 6°, to pay Incidents at Chester * a - -

Vo l. 40.

37 12 4

From

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts*

164 11° Junii.

Date of Imprest.

From 1st January 1741 to 31st December 1742.

23d March. John Ward and WLee, Carpenters on board the Bomb Vessels, in Part of an Imprest of £.27. 12.

From 1st January 1744 to 31st December 1745; viz'.

15th November. William Dixon, for Barrack Bedding, &c\ provided at Plymouth, in Part of an Imprest of

£.500 - ----- 256 11 10

17th December. More to him, to pay Incidents - - 148 10 —

30th July. John Warwick,on Acco* of Mason's

Work at Carlisle - - - - 50------

A. 1784.

In all, by John Plumptree, Esquire, late Treasurer of the Ordnance -

1746.

8th August 17 th January. 31st.

25th February. 15th April. 25th September.

24th October. 21st November.

25th November.

1745-

7th January.

11th D*.

Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st of December 1746; viz'.

Curtis Barnet, for Ordnance bought at Batavia -William Dixon, on Acco* of Works at Plymouth D*, to pay Incidents there -

D*, - D°....

D°, - D#....

Luke Gardner, to pay Freight of Ordnance Stores Francis Hopkins, to pay Arrears at Rattan William Lee, One Month’s Pay, as Mason at Rattan Alexander Muir, to pay Freight at Fort William, in Part of an Imprest of £.50 D°, to pay for Sheeting for the Barracks at Fort

William....

D°, - D*....

James Wyhault, on Account of Works at Newfound-

land, in Part of an Imprest of £. 1,400 D*, - D®....

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st December 1746 -

1747-

12th August.

25th.

27th October. 18th August.

13 16

455 10

In the Year 1747; viz'.

Thomas Edwards, Six Months Advance, as Smith at Annapolis Royal - -

Angus Frazer, Advance of Pay to Annapolis Royal, in Part of an Imprest of £. 138 ..

Francis Hopkins, his Arrears at Rattan -Charles Knowles, to pay Works at Louisburgh, in Part of an Imprest of £. 412. 4. - - - .

13th January. Alexander Muir, on Account of the Barracks at Fort William -

16th. D*, to pay Incidents there ..... D*, to pay Barrack Bedding the re - .

9th May. D°, to pay for Coverlets there - -

29th. D°, to pay Incidents there ....

3d July. D*, on Account of Barrack Bedding.

2d October. D*, on Account of Barracks there -

20th. D*, on Account of Barrack Bedding -

27th; D*, - D*....

D*, - D* - - .

D*. - D* - - .

10th February. Halsey Mamer, his Pay, as Conductor to Rattan

12th June. Henry Micklefield, 6 Months Pay, as Smith to Louisburgh 27th. William Watherstone, Advance of Pay to Louisburgh °-lst September. D’, for 6 Months Pay, as Carpenter there

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st December 1747-

55 2 4

300----

200----

200 -

200 -

205 ,14 9 71 19 — 36 8 -

42 12 7

55 15 6

129 6 10

1,075 17 10 182 12. —

27 12 —

2,245 15 H

2,755 8 10

1,260 8 8

In

24 Geo. III. ii° Jufiii.

Date of Imprest

In the Year 1748; Viz*.

1748.

27th May. Joshua Goodall, 3 Months Pay, as Conductor and CleFk at Rattan - -

2d August. Francis Hopkins, to pay Arrears as Lieut1 at Rattan -23d November. Michael Johnson, for victualling the Transports - -

20th December. Paul lVybault> on Acco1 of Works at Placentia, in Part of an Imprest of £. 7,000 -

" In all, the' Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st December 1748 -

1518 6 22 i(3 0 200 -

148 15 6

Twelfth lteport on Public Accounts.

387 io rj

*749-

17th March. 24th February. 12th December.

In the Year 1749; Viz*.

George Campbell, on Acco1 of Works in North Britain, in Part of an Imprest of £. 1,000 -

James Futnis, to pay Incidents in Scotland, in Part of an Imprest of £. 50 - - - -1

George Cornelius Swan, on Acco* of Freight, and Incidents at Nova Scotia, in Part of an Imprest of

£100 -....

D% - - - D#....

D*, - - - - D*....

Paul Wybaulton Acco* of Works at Placentia -

D% ----- D°....

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ending 31st December 1749 -

267 4 10 12 4 l

90 7 4

50-----

200-----

3,000-----

700-----

4,3*9 16 3

In the Year 1750; viz*.

1750.

19th February; John Barston, for Materials to make Mantelets 27th November. Charles Chalmers, on Acco* of Works at Trinity Harbour, in Part of ap Imprest of £. 70. 10. 3 -

Edft/ Hoibe, on Account of Works at Annapolis Royal, in Part of an Imprest of £. 1,000 -

5th May. Lieut* Francis Hopkins, to pay his Exchange from Rattan - -

28th August t)#, for Two Months Pay at Rattan -27th November. George Cornelius Swan± on Acco* of Works at Louis*-burg -

27th March. William iVigmorc, on Acco* of the Works at St John’s, in Part of an Imprest of £. 1,815. 1. 10

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year v ended 31st December 1750 -

— 10 4

354 13 9

347 -

15 5 —

100-----

742 10 7

1,564 19 8

In the Year 1751; viz*.

175*-

8th August. John Brewse, to pay Lieut* Nath1 Jones, at Ferry-land *----

28th June. Christopher Phillips, on Acco* of Repairs in Portland Castle, in Part of an Imprest of £. 40. 3. 8 -8th August John Rogers, on Acco* of Contingencies at Jamaica, in Part of an Imprest of £. 250 -D*, - - - - Dd -

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st December 1751

9 — 3 1 1

113 2 1

400----

____ i

1,480 12 2

1752.

7th November.

30th June.

6 th July.

In the Year 1752; viz*.

Thomas Leslie, to provide Conveniences, as Barrack Master at the several Barracks in Scotland Ralph Wallace, to pay Incidents at Berwick, in Part of an Imprest of £. 30. 2 - -

D°, - - - - D‘....

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st December 1752 -

136' 4 a

Vol. 40,

Uu

In

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

166

Date of Imprest

11° Junii.

In the Year 1753; viz*.

3d October. Joshua Goodall, to answer a Bill of Exchange from Jamaica ‘ "

12th. David Lion, on Acco* of Incidents at Edinburgh Castle ♦.*-*

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st December 1753 -

In the Year 1754. viz*.

1754.

24th July. Andrew Brereton, to pay Incidents at Fort,

in Part of an Imprest of £. g. 18. 10 -

24th September. D*, - - 1^* "

5th July. Jo* Goodall, on Acco' of his Salary as Storekeeper at

Jamaica ----*

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ending 31st of December 1754 -

In the Year 1755; viz*.

1755-

4th February. George Dale, on Acco* of Works at Gibraltar, in Part of an Imprest of £. 500 -

8th April. Joshua Goodall, on Acco* of Salary as Storekeeper at Jamaica -

24th June. Ralph Wallace, on Acco* of Repairs at Berwick

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended the 31st of December 1755

1756.

18th June.

27th November.

16th October.

15th January.

1st May.

*4th August. 16th October. 2d November.

26th July.

In the Year 1756; viz’.

Robert Boyd, on Acco' of Barrack Bedsteads at Minorca -

D', on Acco' of Damage in transporting Stores to ant from Citadeila -

James Bush, on Acco' of Works at Plancentia, in Part of an Imprest of £.73. 17. 8 The Honb‘* EdwJ Boscaucn, on Acc* of Freight of Stores, in Part of an Imprest of £.49 -Absalom Baker, on Acco' of Incidents at Clifford’s Fort, in Part of an Imprest of £. 10 D°, on Acco' of Repairs there -D°, on Acco' of Incidents there -William M‘Dowatl, on Acc' of Incidents at Dumbarton Castle, in Part of an Imprest of £.21. 12. 5 Ralph Wallis, on Acco' of Repairs at Berwick -

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended the 31st of December 1756

1757-

15th March. 19th April.

20lh September.

2.1st June.

In the Year 1757; viz*.

James Bush, on Acco* of Works at Placentia -James Funds, on Acco' of Staff and Incidents of the Train in North America, in Part of an Imprest of

£.4,996.1.10....

D\ - - - - D° -

I)*, - - - - D°....

Charles Hales, to pay Two Months Hire of the Ship Baltic Merchant, in Part of an Imprest of £. 243. 12 Messrs. Rye and Cruikshanks, to pay a Bill of Exchange, in Part of an Imprest of £. 480. 2 - - *

A. 1784.

57 7

too----

2 13 9 5-----

22 7 to

9 11 7

22 15 4

20-----

24 14 2 14-----

56 5 3 — 5

3 12 5

10----

20----

5 15 6

2,08911 4 923 3 — 1.649 5 3

2516 3 1813 7

157 a 7

30 i 7

52 6 11

133 17 to

George

24 Geo. III. 11°

Date of Imprest.


1757- .

19th April. George Turner, to pay Incidents in N® America, in Part of an Imprest of /. 500 -

D®, D®

26th July. Ralph Wallis, on Acco' of Repairs at Berwick -

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st of December 1757 -

108 6 —

100----

20-----

167

4,94o 10 U

In the Year 1758; viz*.

1758.

4th April. William M'Dowall,to pay Incidents at Dumbarton Castle -

8th November. Thomas Hodgson, to pay People at Chatham Camp -

In fdl, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st of December 1758 - -

13 2 2 39 13 —

- »

52 15 a

In the Year 1759; viz*,

*759-

29th May. Lieut1 Wm Borthwick, on Acco* of George Rule's Pay -29th June. Richard Hill, for the Pay of a Carpenter to a Bomb Tender - -

doth November. Lieut1 WiUm Harris, to pay for Carpenters Work on the Expedition to Quebec -----30th August. Robert Mathexvs, to pay Incidents at Inverness, in Part of an Imprest of £. 10 -

th January. David Rogers, on Acco1 of Fire and Candle at St. Johns, in Part of an Imprest of £. 15 -

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended the 31st of December 1759

19 2 — 4 18 —

20 -

3 17 8

14 1 1

61 18 9

_ In the Year 1760; viz*,

1700.

21 st March. John Barrow, to pay the Staff, &c\ in East India, in Part of an Imprest of £. 860 -

29th April. John Barnes, to pay the Staff, &c\ on Gen1 Hopsons Expedit", in Part of an Imprest of £. 500 3d June. D°, to pay Lieut* Rob1 Patrickson - -

3th December. James Bramham, on Acco* of Forage Money on an Exped" -

24th October. Jane Cockburn, to pay Artillery in N° America, in Part

of an Imprest of £. 1,500....

31st October, ’ Richard Divon, to pay Staff at Senegal, in Part of an Imprest of £. 78 Frederick Mu leastery on Acco* of Works at Senegal -22d October. Vice Admiral Geo. Pocock, for Stores purchased in East India, in Part of an Imprest of £. 1,509. 7. 6 -D°, - - - D° -

21st March, Thomas Sumpter, to pay Incidents at Chatham, in Part of an Imprest of £300 -

14th November. Samuel Toovey, for Carriage of Officers Baggage, in Part of an Imprest of £. 36. 14. 11

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st of December 1760 -

728 7 11

23 — 5 18 8 —

76 10 —

898 6 7

11 10 —

70----

579 19 11 528 — 6

107 9 9

.1 2 —

3,04215 I

In the Year 1761, and to 30th June 1762; viz*.

1762,

- lgtb January. Francis Day, on Acco* of Incidents at S* John’s, in Part of an Imprest of £.85 26th February. D°, on Acco* of Fuel, &c*. there - -

25th June. D°, on Acco* of Works there -

26th January. Thomas Masterson, on Acco* of Pay, &c\ at Belleisle, in Part of an Imprest of £. 80 D°, - - - I)*, on Acco* of Engineers

2d March. D°, for so much paid to Captain Randall, Master of the Transports to Belleisle, in Part of an Imprest of £.101. a -

54 9 9

9-----

51-----

40 11 9

36-----

17 18 4

V01. 40.

Frederick

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts,

T welftfe Report on Public Accounts*

i68 ii° Junii.

Date of Imprest.

1761.

11th August Frederick Mulcaster,on Acc* of Works and Repairs

at Senegal ——

D®, D® - -

D®, - D® -

1762.

3d April. R. G. Percival, for Hire of Boats in tarrying Guns for the Dover -

22d June. Admiral Charles Steoens, on Acc’ of Gunners Stores, in Part of an Imprest of 689. 1. 7 -

1761.

15th September. Griffith JVHUams, for the Subsistence of the Civil Branch belonging to a Bomb Tender at Belltisle, in Part of an Imprest of 2 00 *

In all, the Money depending Insuper, from 1st January 1761 to 30th June 1762 - -

A. 1784*

65 —

200 — -6211 —

4017 1

188 19 9

12 i? —

779 4 8

Prom 1st July 1762 to 30th June 1763; viz*.

1763.

1st February. Francis Bryant, on Acco* of Works at Dover Castle, iri Past of an Imprest of i 50 -

5th April. RichJ Cor, for Rent due to Gunners, on the Coast of Kent and Sussex, in Part of an Imprest of 90. 14 1st February. Francis Day, on Acco* of Works at Newfoundland -31st March. James Hdy, on Acco* of Works at Gibraltar, in Part of an Imprest of £. 650 j. - - - .

16th. William Lee, for Ten Inch Mortar Beds purchased at Barbadoes

3d May. Charles Melton, to pay Staff in East India, in Part of an Imprest of £.700 -

1st February. Sir George Pocock, fop Gutipowder supplied Bomb Vessels at the Havaunah - * -

1762.

23d October. William Saltonstall, to pay Incidents in North America 16th. D®, to pay Staff at Martinique

D®, - 1)° in North America -

D®, - D® -

D®, - D*

29th. D°, - D° -

20th May. D®, - D‘, in Part of an Imprest of £. 250 -

D®, - D®....

24th. D°, - to pay Incidents -

1763.

15th June. D®, - D®.....-

D®, for 273 Days Pay to 23d. D°, for 181 Days Pay to William Cris -

1762.

4th July. Griffith Williams, on Account of landing Powder, &c. at Gibraltar -

i/(>3-

11 th February. D*, on Account of Carpenters and Boats Crews there 3d May. Edward White, to pay Incidents at the Havannah, in Part of an Imprest of /. 100

D", - - D®....

D®, - - D® -

pth. D®, On Acco* of the Staff there -

12th. D®, - - D®....

15th June. D®, to pay Incidents there -

21st. D®, to pay Stoppages in England -

5th July. D®, to pay Staff at the Havannah - -

In all, the Money depending Insuper from 1st July 17G2 to 30th J une 1763 -

iZ — 1

652 52 15 —

2 9 1

233 12 —

34 1 7

178 4 —

100-----

100-----

300-----

10O-----

213 18 —

30----

157 15 "

250-----

100-----


150-----

47 15 6 27 3 —

530-----

244 13 5

67 3 5

100-----

100 — —

200 -

100 -

100-----

27 19 2 250 -

3,826 15 4

From 1st July 1763 to 31st December follow-1763. ine; vizt*

12th September. Edward Chandler, to pay Staff in East India, in Part of an Imprest of £. 1,050 -

6th December. D®, - - - D°

12th D®. Admiral Samuel Cornish, for Stores purchased in East India, in Part of an Imprest of £. 2,436 D®, - - . D®.....-

520 16 2 600-----

202 17 6 1,200 -

t

Hugh

4 Geo. III.

11 ° Juni

169

Date of Imprest.

17^3* f 8th August.

7th October. 4th November. 4th August. 27th July.

18th August.

12th September. 4th October. 5th. 7th.

1764.

1st June. 20th January.

4th September. 14th February. 25th May.

15th December. 9th October.

23d.

24th November.

31st January. 20th November.

1765-

15th February.

23d April.

29th July. 23d August. 8th July.

5th February.

17th September.

15th January. i,th March.

Vo L. 40.

Hugh Griffith, to pay Staff at Guadaloupe, in Part of

an Imprest of £. 157....

D° - for Freight of Stores from Guadaloupe John Han kins, to pay Stoppages -William Saltonstull, on Acco* of Staff in North America John Ward) on Acco* of Works at Gibraltar, in Part of an Imprest of £. 2,000 -

Edward White, on Acco* of the Staff at the Havannah D°, to pay Incidents there - -

D°, to pay Stoppages -

D°, to pay Incidents - -

D°, 011 Acco* of the Staff there -D°, to pay Artillery - -

D°, to pay Staff - -

D°, - - D° -

George Wisner, for 184 Days Pay, as Smith at Senegal, in Part of an Imprest of £. 25. 6 -

In all, the Money depending Insuper, from the 1st of July 1763 to 31st of December following -

In the Year 1764; viz*.

JohnBarrell) on Acco* of Works at Annapolis Royal -Edward Chandler, to pay Stoppages in England D° - - to pay the Revd Thomas Northcot

D* - - on Account of Staff in East India

Hugh Griffith, to pay Incidents at Guadaloupe John Hawkins, to pay Incidents in N° America, in Part of an Imprest of £.311. 10 -

D° - - to pay the Staff there -

Jas Moncrief) on Acco* of taking Surveys at St Augustine - -

Henry Ward) to pay Incidents at Pensyhania, in Part of an Imprest of £. 400 -

D° - - D°....

D* - - - - D°....

D°, on Acco1 of Staff there D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

- - - - D

- D° -

- D* -

to pay Incidents -D° -

D°, to pay Stoppages -

D°, to pay Incidents at Pensylvania Samud ft drren, on Acco* of repairinj

the Cobb

Lyme, in Part of an Imprest of £. 662. 18. 1

Francis Wood9 on Acco1 of Staff in East India, in Part of an Imprest of £. 500

In all, the Money depending Insuper for One Year, ended the 31st of December 1764

In the Year 1765; viz*.

Richard Cox9 for Coals and Candles to Gunners on the new Batteries, in Part of an Imprest of £. 72 Robert Eddowes9 to pay Incidents at Portsmouth, in Part of an Imprest of £. 600 -

D# - - - - D* - -

Ja* Hook, to pay Incidents at Pensacola -

William James, to pay Stoppages in England, in Part of an Imprest of £. 19. 16. 6 William McDowall, to pay Incidents at Dumbarton Castle, in Part of an Imprest of £.g

Arch1 Roberts, on Acco* of Works at Pensacola, in Part of an Imprest of £. 250 -

Francis Stephens, to pay Incidents at New York, in Part of an Imprest of £. 200 -

Htnry Ward) to pay Stoppages in England D°,

47 4 5

250----

13 4 4 300----

21 8 8

200----

200 -

27 19 2

200 -

250 -

116 5 — 61 10 1 121 4 —

— 3 6

1,000----

27 7 6 91 J3 4 147 5 6 300-----

153 — 4

1,450 -

34 13 —

16 18

54 9 600 — 135 —

19 7

5 ia

80-----

9 3 — 8 17 —

4,333 1 10

5,127 n 7

Xx

Henry

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

Twelfth Report ou Publifc Accounts*

170

11® Ju

A, 1784*

Date of Imprest.

1765-

3d April.

23d. 7th May. 8 th June.

Henry Ward, to pay Incidents at Pensvlvania -D", - - - - D* - - - -

D®, to pay Stoppages there - *

D®, to pav Incidents -D®, - - - - D

18th.

8th July. 14th May.

1766.

22d September.

6th October. 28th July.

12th August 29th January.

4th April.

28th July. 10th March.

10th June.

25th August

D°, - - - - D® at Philadelphia -

D°, - - - - D° on Acco‘ of the Staff at Pensylvania D°, - - - - D® -

D®, - - - - D® -

D", - - - - D" -

D#, - - - - D®....

D®, - - - D® -

D®, - - - D® -

D®, - - - - D® - -

D®, to pay Stoppages there - -

Joseph Winter, on Acco* of Stall at Manilla, in Part

of an Imprest of £. 400 - -

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st of December 1765 - -

In the Year 1766; viz*.

William Bartlet, on Acco' of building Barracks at St.

Vincent’s, in part of an Imprest of £. 200 -D®, on Acco* of House Rent - - - *

D®, on Acco* of building Barracks at Dominica -Richard Cox, to pay Incidents of Artillery, in Part of an Imprest of £.424. 15. 3 * - *

D®, for Subsistence of Artillery - -

Richard Daieson, to pay his Bill of Exchange from

Liverpool, in Part of an Imprest of £. 50 D®, to pay Incidents at the Isle of Man, in Part of an Imprest of £. 50 D®, on Acco* of Repairs at Liverpool -Caspal Frank and Isaac Mendes, to pay Incidents at Pensacola, in Part of an Imprest of £.80 Hugh Griffith, on Acco' of building Barracks at Fort Royal, in Part of an Imprest of £. 200 -William Pam, to pay Incidents at East Florida, in Part of an Imprest of £.80.15. 5 -

1,200 — -200 — -

9 3 -

200----

200 -

100----

100----

100----

100----

100-----

150----

250----

100-----

100-----

9 3 "

37 12 11

In all the Money depending ended 31st December 176c

Insuper in the Year

12d 7 1

133 6 8 300----

65 14 11 400----

27 10 8

3 1 8

23----

73 — 3

88 — 7

3.885 7 3

1,234 2 2

1767.

23d June. 1st August 2d November. 8th December. ‘ 24th October.

4th August.

In the the Year 1767; viz*.

Richard Cox, to pay Bombardiers at the Illinois D®, to pay Arrears to Officers in N® America -D®, to subsist Artillery there -

D®, - - - - D®....

William Colder, to pay Incidents at North Yarmouth, in Part of an Imprest of £.20 Henry Guy on, on Acco* of Works at Clifford Fort, in Part of an Imprest of £.80 - -

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st December 1767 -

64 12 1 102 16 1

450-----

5,000-----

6 19 5

13 2 9

5,637 10 4

1768.

16th February. 29th January. 29th March. 26th February.

5th.

2d.

In the Year 1768; viz*.

Richard Cox, to pay Captain Wm s Subsistence

John Lottg,to pay Incidents at Senegal -

D®, on Acco* of Deals, &c. delivered there Charles O'Hara, on Acco* of Provisions, &c*. at James Fort ‘

David Rogers, on Acco* of Repairs at Scilly Island Thomas Williams, on Acco* of Works at Annapolis Royal, in further Part of an Imprest of £. 500

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st of-December 1768 -

205 10 —

400-----

251 2 6

49 6 3 20-----

9 16 4

935 15 1 In

GOOgl

24 Geo. IIL i i°

Pate of Imprest.

In the Year 1769; viz*.

1769.

13th May. Samuel Beardsley, 184 Days Pay -21 st October. William Bean, on Acco* of Repairs at Scarborough in Part of an Imprest of £. 25 13th May. Jb/zw Dehiey, 184 Days Pay -4th April. Edward Edzcards, 6 Months Advance Pay -13th June. D#, for 184 Days Advance Pay -31 st January. James Funds, to pay Incidents at Greenwich Magazine, in Part of an Imprest of £. 45 -

14th February. John Lang, for Deals, &c\ bought at Senegal -13th May. James Mount, for 184 Days Pay -8th November. James MeManus, to pay a Bill of Exchange from Senegal, in Part of an Imprest of £. too 30th September. Charles O'Hara, on Acco* of Works at Senegal -18th August. David Rogers, to pay Incidents at Scilly Island 13th May. James Sumpter, 184 Days Pay

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st December 1769 -

368-----

3 9 10

92-----

45 15 —

46 -

6 13 4

53 17 — 184----

87 16 4 274 5 —

20-----

92-----

*7*:

Twelfth Report on Tublic Accounts.

16 6

In the Year 1770; viz*.

1770.

20th February. Mountfort Brown, on Acco* of Works at Pensacola -3d November. William Bean, to pay Incidents at Scarbro’

nth July. Michael Corr and lVm Bright, for Hire of a Vessel at Grenada -

13th November. Martin Cade and James Spry Heaton, to pay Incidents at Halifax, in Part of an Imprest of £. 300 -

9th January. Edward Edwards, for Stores purchased at Senegal -13th March. D° ----- D°

27th April. Benin Gower, on Acco* of House Rent, &c\ in West Florida, in Part of an Imprest of^. 25. 6. 4. -24th. William Lambert, to pay Incidents at Halifax, in Part of an Imprest of £. ipo -

30th January. James Mc Manus, for Stores purchased at Senegal 31st May. Robert Morrison, for 183 Days Pay, as Extra Clerk at West Florida -

21st June. Thomas Williams, to pay Incidents at Annapolis

In all, the Money depending Insuper for One Year, ended 31st of December 1770 -

19 13 10 *5 5 —

232 13 —

3 6 10

40-----

260-----

264

6713 7

4416 —

27 9 —

100 —

813 3 7

In the Year 1771; viz«.

1771.

17th January. William Bright,on Acco* of the Survey at Dominica -

11th October* William Caider, on Acco* of Repairs at North Yarmouth -

29th January. Ja‘ Mc Manus, for Lime purchased at Senegal, in Part of an Imprest of £.31. 5 -1st. November. D*, on Acco' of sundry Disbursements there 12th January. Thomas Williams, on Acco' of Works at Annapolis Royal - -

3d September. John Watkins, on Acco* of House Rent, &c\ at West Florida, in Part of an Imprest of £ 26. 2. 9 -

In all, the Money depending iDsuper in the Year ended the 31st December 1771 -

171 12 — 11-----

----9

150----

75----

213

409 14 —

In the Year 1772; viz'.

1772.

24th November. Richard Cox and Arthur Mair, to pay Gunners, in Part of an Imprest of £. 115 - _

3d June. William Gostling, on Acco' of Artillery at St. Augustine 28th April. D*, on Acco* of Nurses at the Hospital at St Augustine, in Part of an Imprest of £. 22. 17 Alex' John Scott, on Acco' of Lodgings at St. Augustine

Voi» 40.

96 12 —

28 1 g

20 11 1

29 6 6

John

ii° Junii

A. 1784,

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

*17

Date of Imprest.

1772.

26th June. John Watkins, to pay Incidents at West Florida -21st July. John Waller, on Acco‘ of Repairs at Landguard Fort, in Part of an Imprest of £. 126. 2. 4 *

1 st December. D*, to pay Incidents there -

In all, the Money depending Insuper in the Year ended 31st December 1772 -

100 — —

1 5 7

10-----

285 16 11

In the Year 1773; viz*.

1773-

Id February. Richard Cox and Arthur Mair, to pay Gunners D\ to pay Artillery

8th. D*, -.....D* -: »

20th December. John Kenward, on Acco* of Works at East Florida, in Part of an Imprest of £.100 - -

3d June. William Snell, on Acco' of Incidents at Pensylvania -5th February. John Waller, on Acco' of Incidents at Landguard Fort -

In all, the Money depending Insuper for a Year ended 31st of December 1773 *

72----

780-----

754 -

10 10 1

260-----

15----

1,891 19 1

1774-29th January.

4th March. 12th April.

5th July. 14th September. 13th October.

29th November.

18th July.

In the Year 1774; viz'.

Richard Cox and Arthur Mair, to pay Gunners, in Part of an Imprest of £.66 - - - - .

Kenelin Chandler, on Acco* of Artificers at Quebec William Tot man, on Acco* of a Stoppage in North America -

D*, ----- D*....

D°, on Acco* of Incidents there -

D°, - - > - D*....

D", on Acco' of a Stoppage -

D°, on Acco' of Incidents - ..

D°, - - - - D*....

John Kemtard, on Acc‘ of House Rent at East

Florida - -

D*,.....D*....

D°,.....D*....

In all, the Money depending Insuper for a Year ended 31st of December 1774 - -

6-----

108 13 10

4 10 — 4 11 —

600-----

356 10 — 4 12 —

100-----

100-----

25----

40----

35----

1,384 16 10

In the Year 1775; viz'.

1775-

24th March. William Alcoch, on Acco'- of Works at Minorca, in Part of an Imprest of 612 -

20th January. Nicol Bryce, on Acco* of Incidents at Stirling Castle -17th March. Richard Cox and Arthur Mair, to pay Fireworkers -D°, to pay Subsistence -

12th December. D°, on Acco* of Advance Pay -20th January. William Forman, on Acco' of Incidents for Artillery in North America -

D*, on Aceo* of Staff Pay there -D°, on Acco* of Incidents of Artillery - .

24th. William Forman, to pay a Stoppage in North America -4th April. D°, - - - - D° - -

21 st. D°, on Acco* of Staff gth May. D°, - - - D°

13th June. D°, to pay a Stoppage -

28th November. William Fyers, for his Advance Pay -

24th January. Thomas Hodgson, on Acco' of Incidents at Upnor Castle in Part of an Imprest of £.40 - - - ,

26th June. Sir Robert Harland, on Acco' of Stores in the East Indies, in further Part of an Imprest of £. 2,000 20th January. John Kevcward, for the current Service in East'Florida 17th February. D*, for House Rent, &c\ there -

2bth June. D°,' - - - D° - "- - "

17th July. D*, for the current Service -

50----

382 3 2 554 19 7 62 — —

500----

100----

203 10 — 4 12 — 4 10 —

300----

250----

4 —

64 8 —

37 3 —

746 — 1

60----

40----

75----

25----

James

4Ge6. III.

11 ° Ju

*73

Date of Imprest.

1775.

10th November. 8th August.

9th October. 4th April.

1776.

16th September.

20th June.

12th March.

17th May.

29th March.

29th June. 15th August. 23d May.

15th August.

12th November. 12th March.

6th February. 12th March. 7th June.

20th. 19th July. 7th August. 19th November.

2d January.

6th February. 29th April.

25th September. 11 th October. 2d December.

29th October.

15th August. 19th November. 11th October, ^d April. 1st August.

15th. 9th February. 12th March.

22d. 2d April. 7th June. 29th. 29th April. 16th September. 27 th February.

Vol. 40.

James Morden, on Acco* of Coin at Halifax - *

William Miles, for House Rent, &c\ at St. Vincent’s, in Part of an Imprest of £. 150 -James Taylor, to pay the Civil Officers at Grenada -EdttJ White, on Acco* of Works at St. John’s Newfoundland, in Part of an Imprest of £. 41. 15. -

In all, the Money depending Insaper in the Year ended 31st December 1775 -

In the Year 1776; viz*.

Wm Altock, on Acco* of Houses to be demolished, in Part of an Imprest of £. 342. 7. 4 -

Robert Georgt Bruce, on Acco* of Fortifications at Dominica, in Part of an Imprest of £. 250 -

Captain Thomas Brady, on Acco* of Incidents at Plymouth - -

Robert Benton, on Acco* of Works at Jamaica, in Part of an Imprest of £. t oo -

Messrs. Car and Mair, on Acco* of Artillery *

D°, - - D° - -

D°, - - D° ....

D#, to pay Arrears -

John Fai'rlatnb, oil Acco* of House Rent, &c\ at East Florida -

Colonel Wm Faucett, on Acco' of Rifle Barrels -

D°, - D°....

Capt. Patrick Fetguson, for D* - -

Samuel Graves, oh Acco* of Ordnance Stores, in Part of an Imprest of £. 500 ..

William James, on Acco* of Artillery Incidents -D°, on Acco* of Incidents in N° America -

D°, - - D* ....

JD*, - on Acco* of Baggage, &c\ there

D°, on Acco* of Incidents, &c. there

D*, - - D>....

Colonel Thomas James, on Acco* of Boats Crews, &ca in Part of an Imprest of £. 200 -John Kenward, on Acce* of the current Service at East Florida -'

JP, D° - - - *

D° ——

William Miles, on Acco1 of Works at St. Vincent’s D°, - on Acco* of House Rent, &c\ there

D°, - On Acco* of Works there

J. Montague, on Acco* of Ordnance Stores, in Part of an Imprest of £47. 10 Captain Robert Pringle, on Acco* of Works at Newfoundland, in Part of an Imprest of £. 46. 14 Alexr Sckary, to pay Stoppages - -

Alex' Schaw, on Acco* of a Stoppage D°, - to answer D°

Lieu* Benf Slack, for Advance Pay Gilbert Stanton, on Acco* of Works at Senegal, in Part of an Imprest of £. 232* — . 8 d.

DV - - D° ..

George Wray, on Acco* of Incidents in N° America -D°, - - D° ..

D°, # - - I)0 ..

D-, - - D' ..

D°, - - D° -

D*, - - D* -

D°, - to pay Stoppages

D*, - on Acco* of Incidents

D°, - - D* .

John Wilkinson, on Acco* of Transport Hire D*, - - D* ..

Lieut. John Wade, for Advance Pay

In aH, the Moaey depending lnsuper for One Year ended the 31st December 1776

i,5oo----

72 16 7 200-----

— 10 —

- 2 3 U3 13 2 13 — —

81 16 —

2,870----

4,000----

244 _ _

432 i3 6

11 12 —

200 -

182 6 — 100 -

92

05

177

t5

14

2

65 14 65 14 140 12 140 12

138 17 3

29 —

50----

41----

58 -150 —

44----

— 10 —

35 9 20 10 — 18 6

97 7 4 63 14

68 14 —

35 5 100 —

500----

300----

132----

400 — 100 —

26 3 3

loo----

200 — —

200 ——

209-----

72 l6 —

5.239 3 5

Yy

12,206 1 4 I

Twelftk RepoA on Public Accounts.

Twelfth Report, wo Pobtie AeeoUflt*.

174

11" Junii.

A. 1784.

Sate of Impreet

*777*

17th January. 10th.

9th October, iotb March.

5th July.

7th March.

10th D* 15th April.

13 th May.

and.

5th July.

15 th August

31st January.

4th March. 10th.

13th May. 15th September.

9th October.

21st April.

17th January. 25th April. 1st August. 4th November. 6th May.

9th September. 18th November. 15th September. 13th May.

6th June. 2d December. 17th January. 4th February. 25th April. 7th August 4th November. 9th July.

15th August a 1st October.

22d November. 18th.

13th May.

10th January.

14th April. 25th July. 14th April. 25th July.

In the Year 1777 >

William Alcock, on Acco‘ of the new Barracks at

John Barrow, on Acco* of Repairs at Berwick, in Part of an Imprest of ^.96. 17. 2

/William Baker, on Acco’ of Fire and Candle at Pla-

centia - - " " ", *

John Brown, for his Disbursements at Pensacola, in

Part of an Imprest of £ 35* 12« 4 - *

Messrs. Cox and Mair, on Acco* of Levy Money for Recruits in Ireland - -

D°, to pay Arrears to Artillery "

D#, to pay Artillery....

D*, - D*„ for Subsistence *

D°, on Acco* of recruiting D* - - ‘

D*, on Acco* of Subsistence for D*

D*, on Acco* of D* - - " "

Thomas Cooper, on Acco* of Incidents in North America, in Part of an Imprest of £ 64. 5 James Evans, for his A/lvance Pay at Gibraltar, in Part of an Imprest-of £ 23 -

Captain Patrick Ferguson, on Acco* of Rifle Barrel Guns ——

D*, - D*....

Lieut* Colonel Thomas James, on Acco* of the Carcass and Thunder Bomb Tenders -D°, on Acco* of Transport Service *

D*, on Acco* of contingent Expences -D*, on Acco* of Transport Service -D*, on Acco’ of Baggage at New York, in Part of an Imprest of £ 115 -

Jo* and Gavin Kempt, on Acco* of Barrack Bedding at Stirling Castle, &c* -

John Daniel Lauzun, to pay Stoppages in N* America

D° - D° ....

D* - D# - ....

D* D° -

Captain Alex' Mercer, for his Staff Pay in North America, in Part of an Imprest of £81. 18 John Moss, for his Advance Pay to Canada

D* - D* ....

Major Phillips, on Acco* of his Boat’s Crew in Canada Captain John Pringle, on Acco* of new Works at St John’s -

D° D*....

Lieut Keylock Rusder, for his Advance Pay Alexander Schaw, to pay Stoppages in Canada -

D° - D* -....

D#, on Acco* of Artillery there -

D*, to pay Stoppages -

I> - D -....

Lieu‘ Colonel Thomas Shirley, on Acco* of Powder at Dominica -

Lieut. Geo. Sharpe, on Acco* of Incidents in America -Gilbert Stanton, on Acco* of new Works at Senegal -

D* - D* ....

D‘ - I


D*, on Acco* of Disbursements there.

Captain S.Tooooey, on Acco* of Artillery Experim* at Undguard Fort, in Part of an Imprest of £ 202.7.6 Richard Veale, for the Purchase of Lands at mouth -

John Wilkinson, on Acco* of Transports in North America -D* .

D*

D*

D*

D* -D* -D* -D* -

780-----

63 — 11 30----

28 4 8

-----4

367 10 — 7,106 12 —

1.102 10 —

5 oo----

1.102 10 —

500-----

359 -

13----

— 3 — 100 -

259 4 2

264-----

132-----

176 9 5 132-----

21----

226 2 8 27 4 — 23 16 —

23 18 6

24 1 —

811-

9 4 — 126 — 288-----

942 9 7 *°9 *5 3 33 — 6 111 1 10 105 13 — 203 6 6 192 12 4 214 7 6

470 9-60 17 10 51-----

56----

266 12 2 86 2 1

200 — —

~ 8 5

500-----

209 — — . 196 18 — 196 18 — 209 — — . 209 — —

George

4 Geo. III.

Date of Imprest.

o CV

11 Junu.

1777-

loth March. 15th September. 13th May.

16th December.

1778. ist May.

19th.

24th July. 22d December.

31st.

20th February. 17th March.

20th. 18th April. 27th.

19th May.

26th. 19th June.

26 th. 24th July.

21st August.

26th.

21st September.

16th October. 30th.

26th November. 26th December. 31st D°

1st May. 24th December.

2d February. 6th November. 22d December.

31st.

16th June. 1st December.

6th January. 24th February.

16th June.

Yol. 40.

George Wray, on Acco* of Incidents in N# America -

D° - - - D°.....-

Thomas JViUiams, on Acco* of Fuel, Candle, &c\ at Annapolis, in Part of an Imprest of £. 57 -

William Wood, on Acco1 of Incidents in America

D° - - - D°....

D* - - D* - -

D8 - - - D8 -....

D° - - - D8....

D8 - - - D° - -

D° - - - D8....

In all, the Money depending Insuper for One Year ended the 31st December 1777

In the Year 1778; viz*.

Benjamin Bartlet, on Acco* of Barrack Bedding at Edinburgh Castle -

Geo. Burton, on Acco* of Freights of Stores at Pensacola -

Thomas Butler, on Acco* of Purchase of Timber Samuel Brown, on Acco* of Staff Pay in N° America -Lieut. Robert Beetson, on Acco* of Advance Pay Messrs. Cot and Mair> on Acco* of Baggage and

Forage in North America....

D°, to pay Arrears

D8, on Acco* of Subsistence in America -

D° - - - D°....

D8, to pay Artillery -

D°, D°, for Subsistence in N° America -

D°, to pay Artillery -

D°, on Acco1 of Arrears of Gentlemen Cadets -

D°, on Acco1 of Subsistence in America -

D°, for Pay of Artillery....

D8 - - - D°....

D° - - - D°....

D8, on Acco* of Subsistence in N8 America

D°, on Acco* of Pay of Artillery - -

D8, on Acco* of Subsistence in N8 America

D°, on Acco* of Pay of Artillery -

D° - - - D8....

D°, on Acco* of Subsistence in N° America

D° - - - D°, of Artillery - -

D° - - - D8....

D°, on Acco* of Staff in N° America -D8, on Acco* of Pay of Artillery -D8 - - - D°, in North America -

D° - - - D° - -

D° - - - D°....

D° - - - 1)°....

D° - - - D°....

D° - - D*

D° - - - D°....

D° - - - D° -

John Dickinson, on Acco* of Transport Service -William Dunbar, on Acco* of Advance Pay John Eve/egh - - - 1)°

George Fern, on Acco* of Works at Fort George -William Forman, on Acco* of Incidents in N° America James Gambier> on Acco* of Purchase of Stores at New York -

D8 - - - D°....

Sir Edward Hughes, on Acco* of Ordnance Stores purchased, in Part of an Imprest of £. 1,017. 6. 8. Lieut. Colonel David Hay, on Acco* of Works at St.John’s Newfoundland, in Part of an Imprest of £ 690. 9. -

Lieut* Col1 Thomas James, on Acco* of Bomb Tenders D8, to pay Boats Crews -Du, on Acco* of Officers Baggage at New York D8, for the Hire of Boats Crews - - *

*75

200

60

35

1.000 1,200

500

500

1.000 630

150

5 —

351 — 7

321 10 —

100 — —

4 13 —

181 — —

295 — —

7,309 9 7

>.095 10 —

2,384 4 —

3,898 — —

1,095 10 — -

4,028 — —

412 12 —

1,095 3,898 4,028 10 —

— —

— —

300 — —

1.095 10 —

4,028 — —

1,726 12 5

1,176 1,863 —

16 —

500 — —

1,095 10 —

3,898 — —

1,095 10 —

4,028 — —

986 14 9

3,898 —

4,028 — —

4,382 — —

593 13 3

L695 18 5

1,824 4 —

l,9/)2 15 —

300 — —

54 12 —

72 16 —

200 — —

100 — —

300 11 —

1,204 4 0

54b 19 —

21 14 — i.

132 — —

132 — —

1^5 — —

145 10 —

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts,

23,580 4 8

i;ti t wiwf-

/. vc

' >, ;or

/ . i:

\ 0 dttf

Lieut*

Twelfth

Report " oo Pub^ Account*

17<*

II

Junii.

Date of Imprest

1778.

24th July>

loth October.

6th November, and December.

7th January. 27th. 1st May. 12th. 5th August. 16th October.’ 24th February.

19th May. 16th June.

22d December. 31st.

7th August.1 13th January. 7th April. 26th May.; 9th September, 16th October.' 1st May.1;

16th June.! 24th July.'(

31st December.-

27th January.)

10th February.! 1st May. 5th August.; 16th October.

10th April., 21st August.

16th October.

6th November. 29th May.

6th November. 21 st January.

Lieut1 Col* Thomas Jams, on Acco* of Baggage and

D°^oAcco' of the contingent Service in N® America -D0>, on Acco* of Baggage, &c\ *

D*, on Acco' of Boats Crews -

I)*’ for the Hire of a Bomb Tender

D* - - - D* -

Isaac Landman, on Acco* of Travelling Charges John Daniel Lauztin, on Acco* of Stoppages -D®, on Acco* of D® in N" America -D®, on Acco* of Incidents at the Tower -

D®, on Acco* of Stoppages....

D° - - - D°

Andrew Lemerder, on Acco* of House Rent, &c*. at Placentia, in Part of an Imprest of £.45' t2. 6. John Moss, on Acco* of Advance Pay -Captain Robert Mm, on Acco* of Works at St. Vincents -D* - - - D®, at the Ceded Islands -D° - - - D®, at St. Vincent’s" -

D° - - - D* - -

D® - - - D* -

D® - - - D* -

Thomas Markham, on Acco* of Incidents at Kinsale -Henry Nock, oil Acco* of Carbine Locks at the Tower D° - - - t)° of Gun Locks -

© - - - D* of Musquet Locks -

John Nutting, on Acco* of Works at Landguard Fort -

D® - - - B® of Advance Pay -

Major General William Phillips, on Acco* of Subsistence^ North America -D®1 - - - D® of Artillery -

Capt® Robert Pringle, on Acco* of Works at St John’s Newfoundland -Thomas Raskruge, on Acco* of the Wages of the Vesuvius Bomb Tender Alexander Schaw, on Acco* of Stoppages in Canada -D® - - - . D® - - - - _

D" - - - . D® - ... _ _

D° - - t D® - .

D® - ---- i D* - -

D® - - i D® - - ..

Benjamin Slack,jon AccO* of Advance Pay Gilbert Stanton, on Acco* of the Current Service at Senegal - .

D®, on Acco* of Works there - .

D®

D®

D'

D®

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D®

D®

D*

D®

D'

D«

D®

D®

D®

D®

a»£Etm‘ A*f * Mills

on Acco* of Incidents there.

William Wood, on Acco* of Incidents ! ! "

i-T - - *

g - - d® . / . - v - -

D* ..... b® - .

- - - D*

- - D®

- - 4 D®

- - D®

- - - D®

- D®

- - - D®

- - - D®;

- - - D®

- - D®

- " - D® '

- - - D®

- - - D® -

- - D®

- - m D®

- - m D® -

- - D®

- - D® .

- - - D®

- - D®

,330 5 — 217 13 6

230-----

132 ~ -402 13 6 159 12 —

105----

24 t — 23 16 — 400-----

23 18 6

24 —

22 16 —

15 2 —

138-----

112 10 — 148 8 2

300-----

227 3 8

200-----

200-----

200----

300----

300 — —

80----

30-----

1,000----

185 17 —

3t 7 6

148 18 —

t5

18

175 to —

5 —

159 115

95 u

200 — - —

23----

40----

22 10 —

23 -

100----

10----

24 14 2

20 — — 10 4 7

92----

in i5 _

40----

10----

72 -

38 6 _

32----

42 12 6

73 10 3 66 9 o

20----

19 16 -

50----

470 9 1

400 — . — 100 — . — 900 — — 200 -

A\ 1784.

William

24 Geo. Ill*

Date of Imprest.

1778-

i Ju

20th February. William Wood, on Acco* of Incidents _

D* _ - . D° m

D" - - - D» _

D* - - D° - _ _ '

17th March. D* _ _ D* _ _

3d April. D° - - - D° - -

D° _ _ D" - . _

D° _ _ . D°

D* _ D° _ _ _ m

D* _ - D' . _ u

19th May. D° - _ - " D" -

D* _ - - D* - m m _ - -

D* _ _ _ D° - _

16th June. D* _ - - D* - - _ -

24th July. D* _ - - D* -

D* - - - D" - . _

D* _ _ D* -

D* _ _ D° - _ _ _

2ist August D* - - - - D» -

D* - - D" -

D° - - D° - - _ _

D* _ D° -

D° _ _ - D" _ _ _

D° _ - D° . - . _

D* - _ D° - . - -

D" . D° - . - -

D* _ . D* - - - *

17th March. 17th June. 22d December. J 9 th May. 16th June. 2 2d December.

31st.

1779-

16th October.

30th March. 14th September.

26th October. 31st December. 12th August 19th January. 26th.

John Wilkinson,on Acco' of Transport Service' -

D° - - - - D°....

A ley Wilson, on Acco* of House Rant at Placentia -Thomas Williams, on Acco* of Incidents at Annapolis -Geo. Wray, on Acco« of Incidents in North America -D; - - - - Da -

Lieut. James Winter, on Acco‘ of Advance Pay

In all, the Money depending Insuper for One Year ended the 31st December 1778 -

In the Year 1779; viz*.

William Bache, on Acco' of Incidents at Gilkicker Point, in further Part of an Imprest of £. 500 Lieut' Robert Beetson, on Acco' of his Pay Edwd H. Bairctt, to pay a Boat’s Crew -

D° - - - - D°....

D* - - - - D°....

John Boddington, on Acco' of Small Arms Messrs. Cox and Mail', on Acco' of Artillery -

p D°, - - D° . - - . 212 3 1

27th February. D°, - - D° - - - 4,658 —

23d March. D°, - - D' - of D* - - - 7,335 *9 10

D*, - - D° - of D° - - - 1,095 10 —

D°, - - D° - of D° - - - 2,355 15 11

30th. D°, - - B* - of D* - - - 4,508 — —

24th April. D°, - - D* - of D* - - - 4,658 — —

20th May. D*, - - D° - of D‘ - - - 4,508 — —

21st. D°, - - D* - of D° - - - 2,182 — —

24th June. D*, - - I)* - of D* - - - 1,095 10 —

D*, - - D* - of D° - - - - 200 — —

35th. D°, - - D* - of D° - - - 2,420 12 —

D°, - - D" - of D* - - - 4,658 — —

22d July. D°, - - I)0 in North America - - 1,095 10 —

D°, to pay Stoppages - - - - -- 1,864 7 3

D°, on Acco' of Artillery - - - - 1,000 6,556 — —

28 th. D°, - - D° - —

21st August. D°, - - D° - - - - 6,345 — —

4th September. D°, - - D" - - - 300 — —

D", - - D° - - - . - 100 — _ . —

25th. D°, - - D" - - - - 6,556 — _

16th October. D°, - - D° - - - - 6,345 — —

D°, to pay Arrears to Cadets - - - - 436 5 —

26th. Vol. 40* D*, on Acco' of Artillery r 400 h

20d —

200 — 750 — 350 — 800 — 800 — 300 —

1.000 — 300 — 200 — 500 — 650 — 800 — 500 — 500 — 500 — 500 — 700 —

1.000 —

1.500 — 500 —

1.000 —

1.500 —

1.000 — 200 — 500 —

1,200 — 209 — 209 — 8 — 50 — 100 — 100 — 90

10

103,183

162

92

50

22

31

148

,095

4,206 —

18 1

6 8

13 6 10 —

177

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

7 8

Messrs.

A. 1784

Twelfth Report on Public Actfnmts.

178

ii° Junu.

Date of Imprest.

26th October. Messrs. Cm and Mair, on Acco' of Artillery -D®, " ’ D1 A I

ith November. D* - - D* "

— u tV Arrrf of Arrears to Cadets -

16th

20th. 29th December.

31st.

18th September. 20th May.

8th September. 2d November, 31st December, gth November.

16th.

30th.

31st December.

13th February.

9th March. 31st December.

23d March.

19 th January. 10th April.

2d November. 9th October.

20th May. 31st December.

13th February.

on

D°

D°

D°

D®

D°

D°

D°

Acco1

of Incidents in North

24th June. 22d January. 24th Aprft. 8th July.

16th October.

2 2d July. 9th October. 10th December. 24th June.

16th November. 19th January.

29th May. 22d July. 4th September. 28th October.

23d March. 5th June. 13th February.

D' OB Acco' of Arrears to Cadets D0’ - - D* of Artillery - - ’ '

D-; - - d- - - -:

D", - - D® - - - ’ "

jlnCockburn, for the Hire of Horses to Portsmouth Andrew Crotty, on Acco* of Fortifications at Dominica, in Part of an Imprest of £ 100 -

D*, - - - - P*....

D° - - - - P‘ ....

D° . - - - D* ....

j).’ . - D* in Part of an Imprest of £.400 -

Messrs. Cope and Bignell, for the Hire of a Transport D°, for the Hire of a Bomb Tender ... George Craufurd,on Acco' of Small Arms

D-, - -

D*. - -

D», - -

D°, - -

D‘, -

D®, - -

D’» ‘ *

William Forman,

America -

Thomas Fitzherbert, on Acco1 of Gun Stocks -D°, for the Hire of Train Horses, &c\ in England, in further Part of an Imprest of £. 15,000 George Fern, on Acco* of Works at Fort George, in Part of an Imprest of £. 500 -

James Gambler, Esqr, on Acco1 of Ordnance Stores -D°, on Acco1 of Incidents for the Use of the Navy -D°, - D° -

John Grant, on Acco1 of Incidents in N° America Major Harry Gordon, on Acco1 of Incidents at Liverpool -

John Gambler\ on Acco* of Cannon and Carriages Lieut. Thomas Hartcup, to pay a Bill of Exchge Lieut. Richard Hoskins, on Acco* of extra Pay -Lieut Col1 David Hay, on Acco1 of Incidents of Artillery -

Lieut. Ccrl1 Thomas JameSi on Acco1 of Stores -D®, for the Pay of Boats Crews, &c\

D®, on Acco* of Baggage, &c\

D°, for the Pay of a Boat s Crew -John Daniel Lauzun, on Acco1 of Artificers D®, on Account of Stoppa<res -D®, - - - D° - - .

D°, - - - D°

Lieut. Geo. Lewis, for the Hire of Boats Crews D% ~ - - D® - - .

D#, - - - D® - - - .

Captain Henry Lloyd, on Acco1 of Stores purchased in Part of an Imprest of £. 17. 6. 7 - ’

Luder Lilienthall, on Acco1 of Stores purchased Robert Morse, On Acco* of Fortifications at St Vincents -D°, as Engineer at Grenada

" " D® at St. Vincent’s

D° - - . D°

P " " - D° at Grenada

D® - - - D®

nomas Markham, on Aceo' of Incidents at Kinsale -

June. D°eUt' V'°maS. Roskrugfor the Pay of Boats Crews 9th October. D° - --D0 *'

21st September. to[r' *nstrument -

>oth December. D« . Rfden, fonhe Hire of Boats Crews

.500----

100-----

6.556 -

6,528 3 3

190-----

6.556 -

150-----

4,350 -

200-----

150-----

69 5 5

ioj-----

50-----

100-----

220 1 — 219 16 — 2iq 16 —

2.750 -

1.375 -

1.375 -

1.375 -

2.750 -

2.750 -

1.375 -

1.375 -

100-----

875-----

6,077 5 —

150 8 8

162 6 8

400-----

259 10 2

256-----

25 6 — 196 19 5

92 -

287 14 —

56 10 — 78 8 ,5

93 -

274 5 6

54----

24 1 — 17 1 — 17 2 — *7 3 —

3i----

60----

46 10 —

— 2 6

28 1 7

100 -

138----

250----

65 13 5s

120----

104----

150----

100----

49 13 —

31----

Co — - —

200----

36 16 — 46 10 —

AleS

4 Geo. III.

11

J79

Date of Imprest.

1779.]9th January. 22d. 24th April. 8th July. 16th October. 26th January. 31st December. 22d July. 24th.

11th September. 24th April. 19th January. 23d March.

12th August. 23d March.

4th September.

30th November.

1780.

3d February.

4th March. 1 ith April. 6th May.

31st. 4 th July. 5th August. 21st September.

5th October. 11th November. 9th December. 12th February.

4th March. 4th April.

lSth. 4th July.

28th September. 16th March. 4th April. 10th May. 27th June. 3d February.

12th. 23d March.

22d April.

31st May. 2d June.

Alex' SchazVy on Acco* of Incidents §it Cahada -D° - - on Account of Artificers

D° - - - - of Stoppages

D° - - - D* - -

D° - - D# -

Lieut1 James Slack* on Account of extra Pay D° - - - D° -

Gilbert Stanton, on Acco' of Works at Senegal D° - - - D° -

D° - - - D° -

Geo. Sharp, on Acco* of House Rent at St.Vincent’s -Lieut. John Thompson, for the Hire of a Transport Alexr Wilson, on Acco' of House Rent at Placentia -Messrs. Wilson and Thompson, for the Hire of a Transport .....-

D° - - - D° -

D° - - - D# -

Thomas Wroughton} on Acco' of Gunpowder Thomas Williams, on Acco' of Works at Newfoundland - -

William Wood\ on Acco' of Incidents at St. Lucia D° - - - D* - -

Lieut. Col. Henry Watson, on Afcco* of Stores purchased - -

In all, the Money depending Insuper for One Year ended the 31st December 1779

Between 1st January and 16th December 1780; viz*.

Lieut1 Ed?vd Henry Barrett, on Acco' of Subsistence to Boats Crews -

D° - - - D° -

D° - - - D° -

D° - - - D# -

D° - - - D° -

D° - - - D° -

D° - - - D° -

D° - - - 1 D# ..

D° - - - D° -

D° - - - D° -

D° - - - D° -

William Bache, on Acco' of Incidents at Priddy’s Hard, in further Part of an Imprest of £. 350 ChrisV Baldockj on Ac-co' of Incidents at Guernsey

D° - - - D° ..

D° - - - D° -

D* - - - D° -

D° - - - D° - -

Sam1 Breeden, on Acco' of Advance Pay -Captain Thomas Blomejidd, on Acco1 of Powder D° - - - D*

D°, on Acco1 of proving Powder ..... Messrs. Cox and Mair, on Acco' of Artillery

D°

D

D

D

D

D

I)

1)'

D

D

D9

D°

27 th.

on Acco' of Subsistence to D° -D°

on Acco' of D° - -

. D° -

on Acco' of Master Gunners -on Acco' of the Recruiting Service for Pay of Artillery -on Acco' of D°

D°, on Acco* of Subsistence to D° -

D°, on Acco' of D° -

D° - - - D° .

1)° on Acco' of Artillery -

D° - - - D° of Subsistence to D°

D° - - - D° .

I)* - - - D° -

D° - - - D° .

D° - - - D° .

24 15 4

72 2 —

67 10 —

47 15 6

48 6 —

32 4 —

127 15 —

34 19 16

140 14 —

115 6 10

105 15 _

512 8 9 ~

4 10 _

76 2 6

178 10 —

726 1 —

50 — —

136 10 —

300 — —

2,000 — —

15 10 -

12 10 —

15 10 —

15 io —

15 10 —

15 10 —

15 10 —

15 10 —

15 10 —

J 5 10 —

15 10 —

10 —

2 —

400 300 300 300 300 13 50 150 216 6,120-----

6.556 -

4,760-----

190-----

350 -

582

6,331

1,299 2,230-----

6.556 -

250-----

100-----

6,149-----

3,190-----

1,208 949

724 7>849 150 — 6,354 —

9 2 6 —

14

10

18

18

134,10216 4

Vo 1. -40.

Messrs.

Twelfth Report . on Public Accounts.

11° Junii

A. 1784

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts*

180

Date of Imprest.

1780. 27th June. Messrs. Cox and Mair, on Acco* of Cloathing for

Artillery - - - 39 12 2

25th July. D8 - - D8 of Subsistence to D8 - 6.354 — —

D* - - to pay Gunners, &c\ - - 1,299 — —

28th August. D8 - - on Acco* of Subsistence to

Artillery - - - - 6,149 — —

31st D8 - - D8 - - - - 1,000 — —

28 th September. D8 - D8 - - - - 6,354 — —

D° - - D8 - - - - 500 — —

D8 - . D8 - - - - 200 — —

27th October. D8 - - D8 - - - - 6,149 — —

15th November. D8 - - D8 - - - - 6,354 — —

4th December. D° - - D8 - - - 300 — —

D8 - - D8 - - - - 500 — —

25 th February. George Craufurd, on Acco* of Small Arms - - 1>375 — —

D8 - - D8 - - - - 2,750 — —

D8 - - D8 - - - - L375 — —

D8 - - D8 - - - 1,375 — —

D8 - - D8 - - - - 1,375 — —

11th March. D8 - - D8 - - - - i,375 — —

D8 - - D8 - - - - 1,375 — —

14th. D8 - - D8 - - - - i,375 — —

1st August

2d June.

18th August 21st March. 21st March. 4th April. 11th. 7th.

23d May. 27th June.

27th October.

16th March. 27th September. 3d February. 22d April. 25th July. 21st October.

4th March. 18th August. 23d March. 27 th October. 4th December. 14th June. 18th August 27th October. 31 st August. 16th March. 23d.

5th February.

11th March. 31st May. 21st September. 29th November. 16th March. 3d February.

22d April. 25th July.

21st October.

Richard Colman, on Acco1 of Incidents, in Part of an Imprest of £.400 - -

John Cook son, on Acco* of Iron Ordnance Messrs. Cope and Bignell, for the Hire of a Transport D° - - - D° -

John Davis, on Acco‘ of Advance Pay ... J. P. Greensmith, on Acco* of D°

Major Harry Gordon, on Acco1 of Works at Liverpool D8 - - - D8 ..

James Gambier, Esqr, on Acco' of Powder purchased -D* - - - D* ..

John Harrison, on Acco‘ of Powder -Captain The? Hartcup, on Acco* of Baggage and Forage -

Lieut1 Col' David Hay, on Acco« of Incidents in N8 America -

D8, on Acco1 of Staff Pay at Newfoundland

Thomas Jones, on Acco' of Advance Pay -

James Johnstone, on Acco* of Repairs at N* Yarmouth

John Daniel Jjauzun, to pay Stoppages -

D* - - - D8 -

D* - - - D° ..

D° - - - D" ..

Humphry Lloyd, on Acco' of Plans, &c\ -

D° - - - D° -

I.ieut* George Lewis, for the Hire of Boats Crews D°, on Acco« of Baggage Money - -

D°, to pay Boatmen -

John Lees, on Acco* of his Pay -

D8 - D8 ....

Thomas Masterson, on Acco* of Forage Robert Morse, on Acco* of Works -William Nisbitt, on Acco' of Advance Pay Thomas Nepean, on Acco* of Works at Grenada

D* - - D°....

D° - - D* - at St. Vincent’s -

Richard Pillans, on Acco* of the Charge of shipping Chests of Arms, &c\ -

D8, on Acco* of proving Powder, &c\

Lieut. John Ramsey, for the Hire of a Boat’s Crew D° - - - D8 -

D° - - - D° .

D° - - - D° - .

Thomas Roberts, on Acco* of Advance Pay Lieut* David Seton, - D8 -

Alex' Schato, to pay Stoppages

D'

D*

D

D

D°

D8

D8

D8

67 15 5

485-----

211) 16 — 219 16 — 27 6 —

18-----

77 >5 —

5 4

38 2,000 — 2,589 19 47 10

127 12 —

695 8 —

61 10 —

13 10 — 54 n — 17 3 — 17 2 — 17 2 — 17 3 —

250-----

250-----

46 10 — 46-----

62 -

72 16 —

73 12 —

1,500----

200-----

13 to —

60-----

72 15 —

60-----

251 13 309 7

46 10 -46 10 -46 JO -

46 10 -

13 10 -32 16 48 6 -

47 15 40 19 —

259

44 17 —

John

24 Geo. III. 11° Junii.

181

Date of Imprest.

1789.

2d June.

25th February.

16th March. 15th November. 3d February.

2d June. 27 th.

28 th September. 12th October.

27th.

4th December.

15th November.

2 2d. 23d May.

2d June. 31st October.

John Tauzia Savary, on Acco1 of Works at Gibraltar---. -

Milts Sansum, on Acco1 of his Pay -Thomas Sou ter, on Acco1 of Advance Pay Lieut. Charles Shipley, D° of extra Pay -James Taylor, on Acco1 of Works at the Ceded Islands ——

D° - - - - D° -

D* - - - D° -

D# - - -j - D° - -

D* - - -V - D° - - - at Grenada -

D° - - - - D*....

D° - - - - D° - -

Patrick Tonyn, on Acco1 of Ordnance Stores purchased ....

Richard Veale, on Acco1 of Works at Portsmouth William Wood, on Acco1 of Incidents at St. Christopher’s -

T>° - - - - D° of Staff - - D°-

I)° - - - - D° of Incidents at Barbadoes

D* - - - - D°.....-

D° - - - - D#....

D# - - - - D°....

D° - - - - D* of Staff -

D° - - - - D° of Incidents at St. Lucia -

D° - - - - D°....

D° - - - - D* of Staff -

Edward White, on Acco1 of Works at St John’s Newfoundland -

D° - - - - D°....

500-----

45 10 — 13 10 — 72 8 —

200 -

78 - -

59----

217 15 —

158----’

80 12 2 72 7 6

1,843 14 6

1,000----

300-----

300-----

100----

100 — . —

500-----

500-----

100----

46 -

200----

56 7 —

20----

37----

James Wilson, on Acco* of inventing Seven-Barrel Guns ——

Thomas Williams, on Acco1 of Incidents at Annapolis Captain Jesse Wright, on Acco* of Experiments at St. John’s Newfoundland - -

D*, to pay his Passage there - -

In all, the Money depending Insuper between 1st January 1780 and 16th December following -....

400----

50----

43 10 — 12 12 —

129,274 16

Twelfth Report on Public AccouuU.

9

1780.

Sist December.

23d. 21st ' 16th.

23d.

27th.

21st.

23d.

21st.

23d.

16th.

Between 16th and 31st December 1780; viz*.

Robert Bollard, on Acco1 of Works at Placentia George Bell, on Acco‘ of Advance Pay -Robert Baillie, - - D°

Messrs. Cox and Mair, on Acco* of Subsistence of Artillery - - - -1

D* - - - - D° ....

D° - - - - D* -

D* - - - - D° - -

D° - - D° ....

D® - - - - D°....

D°, on Acco' of Pay of Gunners, &c\ -

D* - - - - D°....

D° - - - - D°....

D® - - - - D®....

D®, on Acco* of Subsistence and Pay of Artillery -

D® - - - - D*....

D® - - . - D® -

D°, on Acco' of Pay of Half Pay Officers, &c. Messrs. Cope and Bignell, on Acco* of the Hire of a Bomb Tender - -

WmDunbar, on Acco' of Staff at Goree -

D* - - - - D°....

Lieut. Desmarez Durnford, on Acco* of Extra Pay -Thomas Fitzherbert,on Acco' of the Hire of Horses,

&c. ——

Vo l. 40.

3 A

31-----

54 12 — 27 6 —

317-----

265-----

3,164-----

430-----

4,785 -

700-----

1.313 6 — -

1.313 6 —

105 16 — 92----

6,354 -

587 4 6 330 -

1,691 7 4

210 16 —

48 6 —

27 6 —

91 — —

400----

John

Twelfth Report on Public Accounts.

182

Date of Imprest.

1780.

21st December.

11° Ju

John Grant, on Acco* of Staff in N® America D° of Incidents

D" - - D°

D° - - D°

D® - - D®

I)° - - D®

D® - - D°

D® D°

D® - - D°

Lieut. Col1 Hay, on Acco*

30th. 21 st. ldth.

21St

27th.

2lst

21st.

23d.

Rich* Hoskins, on Acco* of Extra Pay -Lieut* William Histop, D®

Thomas Hubbard, on Acco* of Advance Pay Captain Charles Hem'y Knowles, on Acco* of Powder, Captain Thomas Lumley, on Acco* of Stores purchased - - -....

John Moodie, on Acco* of Advance Pay -Alci' Mackey, on Acco1 of D®

Thomas Ring, D° - of D°

Francis Stephens, D® - of Staff in N° America D° - - - D° - of Contingencies there

Joseph Sweetman, on Acco* of Advance Pay Beit}* Slack, - D® - of Extra Pay -

D® - - D°....

Lieut* Charles Shipley, D° of Travelling -D® D° of Baggage -

D° - D° of Passage -

D° - - D°....

21st. Captain Jesse Wright, on Acco* of Staff Pay at D® -Lieut. John Winter, on Acco* of his Pay

In all, the Money depending Insuper, and imprested between the 16th and 31st December 1780....

Total of Supers amounts to

contained in this List

A. 1784.

27th. John Thompson, 0 on Acco* of the Hire of a Transport - 390

D® - - - D® - - 377

16th. William Wood, on Acco* of Incidents at S* Christopher’s, 100

D® - - - D® - - at Barbadoes 800

D® - - - D® - - 200

21st. D® - - - D® - - 1,500

D’ - - - D" - ..... 100

D® - D® - at S* Lucia - 100 — —

16th. D® - - D® of-Staff at S< Christopher’s, 250

21st. D® - - D® - - 150

21St Edicar dWhite, on Acco' of Works at S* John’s 30

IT - - - D® - 300

V m - - D® - - 26 15 2

D® - - - D® - - 155

D" - - - D® - m 25

D® - - - D® - m «. m m. 1 OO kO

300 — 300 — 500 — — 1,110 —

630-----

900 — 100 — -428 — -38 10 — 95 >8 —

91-----

27 6 — 244 15 —

162 13 3 54 12 —

30-----

6 —

27 2,451 5,322 27

6 —

95 18

63 14

8 10 14 9 37 ~

100----

46-----

21----

-L

40,129 6 6

,502,916 6 4

Auditor of Imprests Ofi&ce, loth February 1784-

Phil. Deare, Cha‘ Harris,

Au'\

24 Geo. III.

110 Junii. 183

Twelfth

Re; art on Pui.Uc Account*.

N’ 33-

COPY of Part of a Report of the Surveyor General to the Board of Ordnance.

The Plan of a Military Work being approved of, I presume that the next and immediate Considerations are, the Time, and Money requisite to complete it; consequently, that it becomes the Duty of the Board of Ordnance to adopt that Mode of executing the Plan, which is attended with the greatest Dispatch and least Expence. There are Two Ways of carrying on Works in the Ordnance; one by Measure and Contract, the other by Day Work; both under the Controul of the Engineer: In the First, the Work is measured on the Spot, and the Bills are1 sent to the Surveyor General’s Office, to be monied agreeable to Contract or Office Prices: In the Second, some of the Materials are purchased by Contracts made at the Board, and others are purchased by the Engineers on the Spot; and the Work is done by Artificers and Labourers, at a daily fixed Pay. Which of these Two Modes is likely to be the most expeditious, I believe there can be little Doubt of; and the Sloth of the Men working for daily Wages, compared to the Activity of the Man whose Labour (being paid for by Measure) has a Profit proportionate to his Industry, increases the Expence, by lengthening the Time; as will appear by the following Account of the Money already expended at Portsmouth, compared with the Value of the Works, supposing them to be executed by Contract and Measurement.

Account of Bills allowed for Materials, and for Pay of Artificers and Labourers by Day Work, Vide

N° 1.....- - - - 199*671 S 1

Engineers extra Pay, Ditto - -- -- - 4,471 10 9

---------204,142 18 10

Account of the same Materials, and Work by Measure and Value,

Vide N° 2.....- - - - - 132,726 5 nj

Engineers extra Pay, &c*. N° 1.....- ' 4 471 10 9

-------- 137,197 16 8*

£ 66,945 2 H

Materials on the Spot, Buildings, Work done at other Places, &c\ and charged to thq

new Works, N° 3. - - 11,887 13 7 i

Exact Difference £ 55,057 8 el. -V

To complete the proposed Plan, it will cost. (

By Measurement, Vide N° 4. - - - 7 - - - 75.649 6 — i

By the present Mode of doing this Work, it will amount, by Proportion, to 112,562 1 3 »

Difference £ 36,912 >5 3

Office of Ordnance,! 10th March 1783. J

T. Pelham.

A true Cop)T, from the Surveyor General’s Report Book.

John Parish,

in the Absence of the SecfL

Vol. 40.

N* 34. N* 1.

OO

4*

O

An ACCOUNT of Bills, &c. allowed by the Honourable Surveyor General, on Account of the Fortifications at the Dock Yard at Portsmouth

o

Mt

OO

Vol. 40.

C9

-to

a

w

o

GQ

C-n

186

A, 1784.

11° Junii.

Tweffih

lie port on Public Accounts.

N® 35.

N®2.

ABSTRACT of measured Work at the ndW Fortifications for enclosing His Majesty's Dock Yard at

Portsmouth.

2. Bricklayers D* - - - - 3. Masons - D° - 5- Smiths - D° - - - - * 6. D° ' k D® - J - - 7. t># j - D® > - > - - i. g. Carvets - D® - j - * -ID. Labourers D° k - > £ £ S. d 10,286 16 if 9,991 11- — 77,570 19 lii 203 16 8j 57» 13 3i 90 8 8 303 9 7 W 9 3l 204 1 8§ 33.479 *9; 6

132,726 5 ll{

t j \ 1 1 j ... N° 3. ABSTRACT.

N®l. Materials and Works on the Spot not coripleated - - - 2. Estimate of Value of Waggons, including Harness - - 3. Estimate df Work done at Hilsea, and other Places in the Portsmouth Division, and charged to the new Works and Buildings, &c* ..... £ s. 8,467 13 ' 7i 420 — — 3,000 *

11,887 13 7t

N° 4. ABSTRACT of Estimates of finishing the several Works of foe Fortifications for enclosing the Dock Yard at Portsmouth.

1 *ii. N° 1. Carpenters Work §. Masons D° - g. Bricklayers D® - - . - , r , . - - Painters * D* - - - - 502 19 7$ [Labour In digging, &c®. ----- 11,408 12 — £ s. d. 10,919 14 43,436 — if 9,237-»7,10* *i,9U *»* 7* 144 51

J. Plumbers Work - v , (; £

75,649 6 -{

' A true Copy from the Stetfeyor

General’s Report Book. ‘ .

John PaHth,

in tie Absence of the Scc'r.

24 Geo. Ill,

11° Junii.

Iffy

N* 36,

Office of Ordnance, 21st August 1783.

My Lords,

WE beg Leave to acquaint your Lordships, that the Sum of £. 181,762. 3. 9, required for carrying on the Service of this Office in the Month of August, not having been yet received; we are under the Necessity of postponing several Payments that have been Tong due.

We therefore desire your Lordships will cause the said Sum of £.181,762. 3, 9, to be issued as soon as possible. !;

We are, 1

My Lords,

Your Lordships most obedient

humble Servants,

Twelftk Report on PuWk Accosts*

Right Honb,c the Lords Comm" of His Majesty’s Treasury.

W. Howe, j. Coxirteitay, H. Minchxn, J. Kenrick.

A true Copy.

R. Crew,

Clerk to the SecfC

N- 37.

STATE of the Salaries and Fees received by the Right honourable Lewis Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest, for Business transacted in his Office in the Year 1783. Pursuant to Precept of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, dated the 23d April 1784.

Salaries and Fees received on the various Accounts audited i0 the Year 1783, and for lnroluients on the Office Records -

DEDUCT

The Amount of Fees received for Arrears of Accounts which were, by the Exertions of the Officers and Clerks, brought up within that Period The Amount of Expenditures for Salaries and Allowances to Deputies and Clerks, for Office Rent, Stationary, Coals, Candles, Taxes, &c\ the Whole of which is paid by the Auditor -

Nett Receipt for the ordinary Annual Business in 1783

Auditor of Imprest Office,

Scotland Yard, 1st June 1784.

/. s. d.

7,844 17 6

3,578 12 6

In° JVigglesworth,

£ * d.

19,808 16 6

11,423 10 —

8,385 6 6

Deputy to the Right hon Lewis Lord Sondes} Auditor#

The within-named John JVigglemorth maketh Oath, that the Account within written is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, just and true.

Jrt JVigglesworth.

Sworn, this 2d Day of June 1784* before us,

T. Anguish,

Sam! Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt* Roc.

Vol. 40#

A. 1784;

188

Twelfth Report on Poblife Accounts*

ii* Jun

N* 38;

STATE of the Salary and fee3 received by the Right honb,c Lord Viscoutit Mount stuart, t)ne of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprests, for Business transacted in his Office in the Year 1783. Pursuant to Precept of the Commissioners of Public Accounts* dated the 23d April 1784; viz'.

Salary and Fees received on the various Accounts audited in the Year 1783, and for Inrolments on the Office Records -

DEDUCT

The Amount of Fees received for Arrears of Accounts which were, by the Exertions of the Officers and Clerks, brought up within that

Period - 8,647 12 3

The Amount of Expenditures for Salaries and Allowances to Deputies and Clerks, for Office Rent, Stationary, Coals, Candles, Taxes, &c\ the Whole of which is paid by the Auditor ---- 3,036 6 7

Nett Receipt for the ordinary Annual Business in 1783 -

I.

I. s. d. 19,409 9 it

11,683 >8 10

7,725 11 *

Auditor of Imprests Office, 1st June 1784.

J Mount stuart, Auditor.

Cha* Harris,

The within-named Phil. Deare maketh Oath, that the Account above written is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, just and true.

Phil. Heart.

Sworn, this 2d Day of June 1784, before us,

T. Anguish,

Sami

Geo.

Wilt* Roe.

24 Geo. III.

ii

Junii.

189

N° 39.

An ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Allowances* Fees, and Gratuities received by the Deputies, Clerks, &c\ in the Office of the Right honb,c Lewis Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest, for Business transacted in the Year 1783; distinguishing the Sums paid by the Auditor from those paid by the Public and by Individuals. Pursuant to Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 23d of April 1784.

Joseph Hughes, Deputy Auditor

John Wigglesworth, D* -

First Clerk -Second -Third -Fourth Fifth -Sixth -Seventh Eighth Ninth -

B. J. Ilooky John JValker,

James David,

Will"» P lasted,

Edu ard Lucas,

Thomas Gibbes, jRichd IF hit comb,

George Sams,

Daniel Adams,

John Blasted -

James George Bauke -Thomas Price -

Hugh Lathbury - -

Benj* Net tie jo Id - -

JiJ Hutchinson - -

J. JVheeler - -Will Green - -Thompson Tuttle, Messenger

) Extra Clerks

Paid by the Auditor. Paid by the Public and Individuals. TOTAL

Salaries. Allowances of Fees. out Allowances for extra Business. Fees and Gratuities.

300 297 7 11 597 7 11

300 - - " 297 7 11 597 7 11

100 — — 341 10 Ilf 76 13 — 1 l6 17 4i 635 7 4

80 — — 256 7 81 - - 83 12 9* 420 — 6

70 — — 170 18 5* 97 12 — 84 — 71 422 11 1

55 — — 85 9 113 19 — 38 — 11* 292 9 6

50 — — 1 — 23 19 — 2 2 — 77 1 —

60 - 10 id — 4 4 — 75 — —

50 - 38 18 2 - - - 88 18 2

50 - 47 18 2 - - - 97 18 2

50 - 81 11 6 - - - 131 11 6

50 - 48 11 — - - - 98 11 —

50 - 43 4 — - - - 93 4 —

40 19 — - - - 35 7 7 - - - 76 6 7

33 12 — - - - 49 6 3 - - - 82 18 3

40 19 — - - - 56 2 2 - - - 97 1 2

13 13 — - - - 2 2 — - - - ,5 15 —

13 13 — - - - 2 2 — - - - 15 >5 —

8 8 — - - - 8 8 —

50 50 — —

1,457 16 — 855 12 8 736 9 i° 923 3 7 3,973 12 1

fSalaries -

Paid by the Auditor - - Allowances out of Fees

Allowances for extra Business

Paid by the Public and Individuals -

£ s. d. L457 16 — 855 12 8 736 9 10

£ d.

3,049 18 6

923 13 7

3,973 12 1 -

Auditor of Imprest Office, Scotland Yard, 1st June 1784.

Jit Wigglesworth,

Deputy to the Right honw*

Lewis Lord Sanies, Auditor.

The within-named John Wigglesworth maketh Oath, that the Account within written is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, just and true.

Jit Wigglesworth.

Sworn, this 2d Day of June 1784, before us,

Anguish,

Sam!

Geo. Drummond, With Roe.

Vol. 40.

3 C

TwelftH Report on Public Accounts.

190

o ey *

11 J.

A. 1784*

Twelfth

Report,

on Public

Accounts.

N* 40.

An ACCOUNT of the Salaries, Allowances, Fees, and Gratuities received by the Deputies, Clerks* &c\ in the Office of the Right honMe Lord Viscount One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s

Imprests, for Business transacted in the Year 1783; distinguishing the Sums paid by the Auditor from those paid by the Public and Individuals. Pursuant to Precept of the Commissioners of Public Accounts* dated 23d April 1784.

Paid by the Auditor. Paid by the Public and by Individuals.

Salaries. Allowances ou of Fees. t Allowance for extra Business Fees and Gratuities. TOTAL.

Philip Deare, Deputy 300 28610 7 586 10 7

Charles Harris, Deputy - 300 28610 7 586 10 7

c Edward Beckwith, 1st Clerk - 100 277 9 11 54 — 7 in n 5 543 1 u

s Bernard Cobb, 2d D* - - 70 193 5 6 73 13 4 88 18 9 425 17 7

1 — .2 George Harris, 3d D* - - 60 123 18 4 68 — 4 64 3 9 316 2 5

3 l Tyson Taylor, 4th D° - - 50 4618 — 64 2 3 18 4 179 4 3

,8 «Q w James Chapman, 5th D° -David Geo. Jacmar, from 3d No- 40 — 41 1 1 14 2 95 3 1

a O vember - - - - 4 n 5 - 4 11 5

Robert Heathcote - 30 — — - 50 7 7 - - 80 7 7

' Edxoard Turner - 30 - - 38 12 10 - - 68 12 10

rJohn Welsh - - - 3 3~ - - 3 3

Thomas Symons - 54 12 — - - 60 16 — - - U5 8 —

00 s Alexander Wilson - 54 12 — - - 42 13 6 - - 97 5 6

<D Ui William Deards - 54 12 — - - 14 15 — - - 69 7

John Ruddick - - 54 »2 — - - 11 18 5 - - 66 10 5

O s John Kent, from 3d June - - 30 9 — 30 9

0 Anthony Clerke 47 15 6 - m 47 15 6

JWilliam Baldwin 115 17 10 - - 115 17 10

Mrs. Huntington, Office Keeper - - 1846 18 4 6

John Rowland, Messenger - - 39 6 8 39 6 8

£ 1,290 19 7 641 11 9 686 17 3 OO M O 1 3.489 9 8

ABSTRACT.

Paid by the Auditor

Paid by the Public and Individuals. — Fees and Gratuities

{Salaries -Allowance out of Fees Allowance for extra Business

s. d. £ d.

1,290 19 7

641 11 9

686 17 3

2,619 8 7

— - - - 870 1 1

£ 3,489 9 8

Auditor of Imprests Office, p^[ jyeare [Deputies to the Right honw*

1st June 1784. phJ Tjnrris 1 Lord Viscount Mountstuart,

Audit0Ff

The within-named Philip Deare maketh Oath, that the Account within written is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, just and true.

Phil. Deare.

Swom, this 2d Day of June 1784* before us,

T.

Geo.

It lit* Roe.

j

\o

o

o

°2-

?T

V. KS KJ xv 1/ of the Fees and Gratuities claimed by each Officer and Clerk, on the several Species of Business transacted in the Offices of the Right bonbU Lewis

Lord Sondes, and John Lord Viscount MountStuart, Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest; distinguishing the Sums paid by the Public from those paid by the Auditors and Individuals: Pursuant to Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 23d of April 1784.

ACCOUNTS.

Army

Bank of England ..

Contributions to Annuities and Lottery

Customs - - Cash -

D° - - - - General

D° - - - - in America -

I)* - - - - in the Isle of Man

CheUea Hospital -

Out Pensioners of D° -

Civil List Deductions.

12 e/. Deductions.

Exchequer Bills -

First Fruits of Clergy -

Hanaper -

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Hackney Coaches -

Master of the Horse.

Mint -

D8....

Navy -

Ordnance -

Orphans of the City of London

Tost Office - Cash -

I)0 - - - General -

Pensions - King’s - -

- - - - Late Queen’s -

- - - - Princess Dowager of Wales’s

- - - - Widows -

Lobes (Once in Two Years) -

Salt - Cash - -

D° - - - General -

Stamps - - Cash - -

])° - - - General - -

D° - - - Hanaper -

Solicitor for the Affairs of the Treasury -

South Sea Annuities 1751

Tenths of the Clergy Treasurer of the Chamber Works -

Wardrobe -Secretary at WTar

Deputies Fees and Gratuities. Clerks Fees and Gratuities.

Official Descriptions. Auditor’s Fees. Paid by By the Paid by by the By the

the Public. Individual. the Public. Auditor. Individual.

fios. per Troop and'j

Paymaster General - - < Company, and £. 150 > £.no 5 — £ 5* 10 — £47 5 — £10 £.21

[per Annum - - -J *

_ Chief Cashier £. 100 per Mill" Princ1 . - . 52 10 — |X 4. per Cent. { on Auditor’s

1 Fee.

- D» - - £. 50 per Mill" ... 21 . _ D"

- Receiver General - - - £.720 10 6 14 8 — - 15 6 8 9 10 —

- Controller General - - 788 15 6 3 2 — - - „ . 11 — —

- Cashier and Paymaster - - - Not settled.

- Receiver General - - - 50 - 10 10 . - 2 10 10 —

- Paymaster - - - 70 12 12 — ... 10 10 — 1 10 —

- Agent - - - 30 - 7 7 — 5 5 — 1 4 — 5 5 —

- Receiver General - - - 50 - 2 2 — 5 5 — 2 1 1 —

- D° - - 50 - 2 2 — - 2 1 1 —

- Paymasters - - - 40 - 3 3 — 1 2 2 —

- Remembrancer and Receiver - - 22 12 — ... 896 1 — 10 6

- Clerk or Keeper - - - 61 16 — 5 5 — 7176 . _ 1 — 10 6

- Commissioners - - 25 5 5 — _ . i 1 1 —

- Receiver General - - - 15 1 1 — - - — 10 — — 10 6

- Master - - - 20 - - . 15 15 — 5 5 — 1 5 5 —

Master and Worker - - 84 ... 5 '5 — _ 1 2 2 —

Wrarden - - - 40 l

[£ 100 l)er* Ann. and'j

" Treasurer - " \ £. 20. for every > [ £. 100,000 - -J 19 2 — - 29 5 — 5

- Treasurer and Paymaster " 310 - 5 5 — - - 5 r 22 — 2 2 —

- Chamberlain - - 205. per £. 1,000 - ... _ _ \ 4 rer Cent, on

1 Fee.

- Receiver General - - 5 — ... 1074 .

- Accountant General - -] £.060 ... 5 5 —

- Paymaster - - 62 2 2 — 5 5 — . 3 3 3 — I

- D° - - - - 30 2 2 — 5 5 — - - 14 — 22 — 1

- D° - - 30 2 2 — 5 5 — 1 4 — 2 2 — I

- Receiver and Paymaster - - 30 42 10 10 — 1 8 — J

- Master - - - 70 8 8 — 1 _ 22 —

- Commissioners D° - c} 280 { 3 10 — — 10 4 2 IO — 4 10-

- Receiver General - - J I

- Controller General - - 195 10 — 15 13 5 - - - 16 8 5 5 7 —

- Receiver and Controller General.

- Solicitor - - - 70 ... 16 17 — 5 5 — 1 10 — 8 8 —

- Cashier - - - f£. 100 per Ann. perl \ Mill, on Principal J 10 10 — 73 10 — 11 10 — 22 — 8 10 10 —

- Collector or Receiver - - 7o 4- - 14 12 — . - l — 10 6

- Treasurer - - - - 73 6 8 ... 5 5 — . - 2 10 — 22 —

- Paymaster - - - 143 10 — 22 — - - 4 2 2 — 1

- Keeper - - - 9168 6 13 4 ... 8 11 8 - - - J

- 21

Parliament.

in Three Years.

Parliament.

Extraordinary Accounts, in Proportion to the Length, and the Trouble they give: But whatever is charged for the Auditor is The Deputies and Clerks claim us follows: — Deputy £.21, and £.5. 5 from the Accountant; and the Clerks

Auditor of Imprest’s Offices,

Scotland Yard, 1st June 1784.

submitted to the Consideration of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury. £, 8. 8, for passing Fees, &c". which latter Sum is paid by the Public.

In* fVigglesworth,'}

Phil. Deare, } Dep* Auditor!.

Cha’ Harris, J

O

w

o

r

K:

VO

>g

|£l£

o £ s-

« o'

iqi ii

Twelfth

Xk m . N*42.

Accounts. The Examination of Charles Hams, Esquire

taken upon Oath) 2d and 4th June 1784.

This Examinant saith, That the Profits of the Auditors of the Imprest arise from Salaries and Fees: The Salaries are ancient Payments from the Exchequer and other Offices, and amount together to about One hundred Pounds a Year to each Auditor: The Fees upon the Ordinary Accounts consist either of certain fixed Annual Allowances for auditing certain Accounts, or of Sums bearing a certain Proportion to the Amount of the Account; and, in the Army, a certain Annual Sum for the Account, and a certain Sum for every Troop and Company contained in the Account.

The other Fees are, small Payments for the Inrolment of public Instruments in the Office, according to a Table of Fees long established, and amounting to about Two hundred Pounds a Year. 'Hie Fees for the Extraordinary Accounts are in Proportion to the Length and Period of the Account, and the Trouble it gives to the Office. — -All these Fees (except for some of the Inrolments) are paid by the Public. — -The Authority by which the Auditor claims his Fees is, either the Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer Godolphin, dated the 4th of July 1704, or a Warrant under the Sign Manual, or a Warrant from the Treasury.

The Profits of the Deputy Auditors arise from Salaries paid to them by the Auditor, and from Fees and Gratuities; — the Fees are certain fixed Sums on

Junii. A. 1784.

particular Accounts, and paid by the Public; the Gratuities are such Presents as the Deputy understands to have been usually paid by the Accountants.

The Profits of the Clerks arise from Salaries paid to them by the Auditors — from certain Sums, or a certain Proportion, out of the Auditor’s Fees — Allowances for ingrossing, and extra Business — and Gratuities from Individuals.

The Deputy receives, both for the Auditor and Clerks, all the Profits of the Office, and accounts to them for such Profits.

All the Expences of the Office are defrayed by the Auditor; he is rated to the Land Tax and Twelve Penny Duty. — In the Year 1781 the Establishment of the Office was increased by the Addition of One Deputy and Four Clerks; and in that and the following Year Six or Seven extra Clerks were added; and all the Clerks were paid for Extra Work, which occasioned the great Increase of the Expences in those Years.

The Fees and Gratuities paid by the Accountants to the Deputies and Clerks, are some of them charged and allowed in the incident Bills of the Accountants, and therefore paid by the Public; others do not appear to be charged to the Account of the Public; and therefore what Part of those Fees are paid by the Public, and what Part by the Individuals, cannot be ascertained.

Cha* Harris.

T. A aguish,

Rich* Neave,

Sam1 Bcachaoft,

Geo. JJrummojid,

Will"1 Roe.

N° 43-

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Receipts and Nett Profits that have arisen in the Office of the Right honbU Lewis Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest, for Five Years, ending at Christmas 1782. Pursuant to Precept of the Commissioners of Accounts, dated the 1st of June 1784.

177$. Gross Receipt Expenditure - - £ s. 7.440 — 1,522 2 d. 7 7 c s. d.

Nett Receipt - - 5,917 18 —

1779. Gross Receipt Expenditure - ‘ 7,322 9 1,476 1 7 6

Nett Receipt - - 5,846 8 1

1780. Gross Receipt Expenditure . 3,340 8 1,464 8 2 6

Nett Receipt - - 1,875 19 8

1781. Gross Receipt Expenditure - 7,643 1 1,492 9 3 6

Nett Receipt - - 6,150 n 9

1782. Gross Receipt Expenditure 13,642 15 3,3 u 9 7 8

Nett Receipt - - 10,331 5 11

Auditor of Imprest Office, Jn° Wigglesn'orlh,

Scotland Yard, 2d June 1784. Depy to the Right honbie

Levis Lord Sondes, Auditor.

The within-named Jif IViggkstcorlh makcih Oath, that the Account within written is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, just and true; some small Inaccuracies excepted, jf^^trlcsiiorth

Sworn this 2d Day of June 1784, before us,

T. Anguish,

Sam1 lkach croft,

Geo. Drummond.

Willm Roe.

4 Geo. III.

ii° — 140

193

Twelfth Report on PuMic Accoum*.

N* 44-

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Receipts and Nett Profits that have arisen in the Office of the Right honM* Lord Viscount Mountstuart, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprests, for Five Years, ending af Christmas 1782. By Precept of the Commissioners of the Public Accounts, dated 1st June 1784.

1778. Gross Receipt -Expenditure - £ * - - - 6,899 15 1,502 13 d. 5 7 £ S, da

Nett Receipt - 5,397 1 10

1779- Gross Receipt -Expenditure - 7,8i5 1* - - 1,640 4 8 9

- Nett Receipt - 6,175 6 11

1780. Gross Receipt -Expenditure - - - - 6,637 7 1,582 it 7 10

Nett Receipt - 5,054 15 9

1781. Gross Receipt -Expenditure - 3,942 — - 2,312 16 10 6

Nett Receipt - 1,629 4 4

1782. Gross Receipt -Expenditure - - - - 20,044 11 3,479 2 7 11

Nett Receipt - 16,565 8 8

Auditor of Imprest’s Office, 2d June 1784.

Phil. D

Chat H

Deputies to the Right honw* Lord Viscount . Mountstuart, Auditor.

The within-named Philip Deare maketh Oath, that the Account within written is, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, just and true; some small Inaccuracies excepted.

Deare.

Sworn before us, this 2d Day of June 1784.

T. Anguish,

Sam/ Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will- Roe.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

ration of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent die clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 40.

\vs and ton,.

Luna, 14° die J

Anno 240 Georgii I1I, U Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

ABIL L for completing, and keeping in Repair, Sheppard’s the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Shord Road. The Denizes, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of Urshfont, to Rmod Ford, in the County of Wilts; and’ for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone, in the said County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddocke, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

3I) - Mr-

L


194 *4*-

Woodstock, Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom

tec. Roads, the Petition of the Trustees whose Names Are thereunto subscribed, appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " enlarging the Term and Powers grahted by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty* for repairing and amending the " several Roads leading from Woodstock, through " Kiddington and Enstone, to Lane, and from

" Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford," and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Fanners, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxon; and, an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said last mentioned Act, and for making the said Act more effectual; and also, an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said last mentioned Act, and for making the said Act more effectual, were read: And

Mr. George Bulky, the Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, - said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said. Acts, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 300 upon the Credit thereof, which Money now remains due. — And the Witness further said, That the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and amended; and that it is proposed to reduce the said Acts into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford: And that Mr. Page, Lord Charles Spencer, and the Lord Werman, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Radnor, &c. A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to

Roads. put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing,

" and widening, several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused the said Roads to be repaired, amended, and widened, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which, together with the 'foils collected, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act; but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened, and the Money due be repaid, unless the Term of the stud Act is continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, altered, and varied; and alledging, That the Roads leading from Gladestry to Whitney Bridge, and from Whitney Bridge, by Brilley Church, to Brilley Mountain, there to join the Kington

yunii, . 1784.

Turnpike Road, and from Presteigne, by Gravesend or Llandewy, to Rayader, and from Rayader to the River Tzcolock, in the Road to Llanidloes, and from Walton, by KnillLime Rocks, to the Blacksmiths Shop at Nash, and from Knill aforesaid, by Arrock and The Mindless, to Rushock, and from Lower Harpton, by The Dunfield, to join the Kington Turnpike Road, and from Knighton to Vellindre, in the Road to Newtown and Llanidloes, and from Rayader to the Upper Bridge upon Elian, and from the said Bridge to the Confines of the County of Cardigan, leading to Rhose Fair, and from the said"

Bridge to the River Nalaltog, in the Road to Czvmyst-with, are ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring iu a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of the said Act, and for repairing and widening the said Roads, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lewis, Sir William Mansel,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Proprietors, Owners, and Occu- Arun piers of Lands, adjoining to the River Arun, in the Navigation. County of Sussex, and of divers other Persons interested in the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Navigation of the said River is in several Places much obstructed by Shoals and other Impediments, and the River is in many Places so shallow as to make it very inconvenient for the conveying of Goods and Merchandize thereon; and that it would be of great public Utility to improve the Navigation of the said River, from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County, by removing the said Shoals, and erecting Locks and Dams, and to continue and extend the Navigation of the said River, from the said Wharf to a Bridge called Flew Bridge, in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said County: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in One or more Bill or Bills, for improving the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Bridge called Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County, and to continue and extend the Navigation of the said River, from the said Wharf called Pallenham Wharf to New Bridge, in the said Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Great.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, the Earl of Surrey, &c.: % And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable James Earl of Meriden Derby, Lord of the Manor of Meriden, in the County ^closure, of Warwick, the Right honourable Heneage Earl of Aylesford, Patron of the Vicarage, Owner of the Impropriate Tythes, and of about One-third Part of the Open Field Lands and Meadows, and of the Old Inclosed Lauds within the Parish of Meriden aforesaid and the humble Petition of the Reverend Anthony Bliss, Vicar of the said Parish, and of the several other Owners of Open Field Lands and Meadows = and

4 Geo. III. Junii. 195

and of Old Inclosed Lands within the same, whose Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that House, and read; Setting forth', That there are, with- Mr. Page, Sir Sampson Gideon, and Mr. Wilmot, do in the said Parish of Meriden, about 100 Acres of prepare, and bring in, the same.

Open Field Lands and Meadows, the Property of several Persons, lying intermixed in small Parcels in a very A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Plymouth, inconvenient Manner, in Parts of the Parish remote thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town &c. Road, from each other, and subject at particular Seasons to a of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarell, in Right of Common over the same, which it would be the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves and greatly for the Advantage of the Proprietors to enjoy other Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, was m Severalty, freed and exonerated from all Manner of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Rights of Tythes and Common, and for that Purpose the Petitioners are informed, that Application is made to have specific Shares allotted to them; and that to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for repair-there are also within the said Parish several Old In- ing, lighting, watching, and watering the Road from closed Lands, the Proprietors whereof are very de- the Shambles within the Borough of Plymouth, through sirous that the same should be exonerated from Tythes, Frankford Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge, in the County of and to make Compensation to the Impropriator and Devon; and alledging, That the Road leading from Vicar for their Right of Tythes over the same; and the Eastern End of the said Bridge to the Inner Bar-that there is moreover, within the said Parish, a Tract rier Gate next the Playhouse in the said Parish of Stoke of Heath or Waste, consisting of upwards of 300 Damartll, being about 500 Yards in Length, is ruin-Acres of Land, and also some small Parcels of Land ous, and not properly lighted, watched, or watered; lying dispersedly about the Parish, subject to the and, if Provision was made in the said Bill for those Right of Soil of the said Lord of the Manor, and to Purposes, it would be attended with great Conve-& Right of Pasturage of the several Owners of Estates nience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to the in Meriden over the same, but which in their present Public in general: And therefore praying, That Probarren uncultivated State yield very little Advantage vision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes to the Persons interested therein; and that the Peti- aforesaid.

tioners are desirous that the said Heath and Com- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the monable Parcels may be applied (after making Com- Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition pensation to the said Lord of the Manor for his Right of the Owners of certain Lands and Hereditaments, of Soil over the same) as to the Remainder of them, to distinguished by the Out Grounds, in the Parish of go in Aid of the Satisfaction to be made to the said Saint Andrews, within the Borough of Plymouth, in Impropriator and Vicar, for their Right of Tythes the County of Devon, and of the principal Inhabitants over the said Open Fields and Meadows, and over the of and within the Manor and Parish of Stonehouse, in Inclosed Lands, Heath, and Commonable Places, and, the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, if the Shares of the Proprietors of Open Field Lands is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this and Meadows are not of sufficient Value to exonerate Petition, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, them, then that the Residue of the Satisfaction be to the House, made out of their Open Field Lands and Meadows

for such Tythes; but if the Shares of the Proprietors Mr. Hunter Blair presented to the House, according Coraim-of Old Inclosures shall not be of sufficient Value to to Order, a Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the ported into exonerate them, then that the Residue of the Satisfac- Customs in England and Scotland to cancel Bonds Scotland*

tion be made by Annual Payments issuing out of such given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Cora inclosed Lands, or by Sums in Gross, so far as relates imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions to the Impropriate Tythes, as shall be agreed between therein mentioned: And the same was received; and the Parties and the Impropriator; and that the said read the First Time.

Proprietors, at a numerous Meeting held at the Bull's Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Head in Meriden, on Saturday the 8th of November

last (pursuant to Advertisements inserted in the Bir- A Bill for more effectually, preventing Frauds and Wool-mingham and Coventry Newspapers for that Purpose) Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manu- combin£* entered into Articles of Agreement for carrying the factures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods said Matters into Execution, for which Purpose they made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk, was read appointed Commissioners to make Compensation to a Second Time.

the Lord of the Manor for his Right of Soil over the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John said Heath and Wastes, and to the Impropriator and Rous, Mr. Grigby, &c.: And they are to meet this Vicar for their respective Rights of Tythes over the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers said Heath and Wastes, and also over all the Old In- Chamber, closed Lands within the said Parish, to settle and de- v

termine the several Claims of Common Rights over A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Llanegwad the said Open Fields and Meadows, and also over others, of the County of Carmarthen, and Principality Roads-all the said Wastes, Commons, and Commonable of Wales, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was Places, and to set out specific Shares of the Open presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Field Lands and Meadows, and to do all other the Roads leading from the Meeting House in the Things necessary for completing the said Inclosure Parish of Llanegwad, in the County of Carmarthen, and Exoneration; and that the said Commissioners over the River Towy, through the Ford called Llandilo have made a considerable Progress in the said Business, Rhwmos, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandda-and will shortly complete the same; but the Proceed- rog, in the said County, and from a Place called ings under the said Agreement cannot be rendered Dan-yr-allt, in the said Parish of Llanegwad, over the effectual without the Sanction and Authority of Par- said River Towy, through the Ford called Glanrhyd liament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Avod, and the said Parish of Llanddarog, to Pont-y-Be-given to bring in a Bill for establishing and confirm- rem, in the Parish of Llangendeime, in the said County, ing the Provisions made under the said Articles of are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, Agreement, and the Proceedings of the Commissioners and incommodious to Travellers, and the River Touy for carrying the same into Execution, in such Manner is at all Times dangerous, by reason of large Stones as to the House shall seem meet. and rapid Currents, and often rendered impassable by

Vo I*. 40. f Floods;

Midhurst

Writ.

Bank of Scotland.

Tavistock

Hoads.

Manufactories in Scotland.

196 i f Junii. A. 1784.

Floods; and that the widening, repairing, turning, and altering the said Roads, and erecting a Bridge over the said River, at or near one of the said Fords, will be of great Advantage to the Country, by facilitating the Carriage of Lime, Coal, Hay, and Corn, and opening a safe Communication across the said River Touy, and will also be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir JV Mansel, Mr. Lewis, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act *’ made in the Twenty-third Year the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, "An Act for preventing " certain Instruments from being required from Ships " belonging to the United States of and to

" give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Do~

" minions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States;" without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

Benjamin Lethieullier, Esquire, being chosen a Bur- A Petition of the Reverend Charles Smith, in his Sidlesham gess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough own Right Lord of the Manor of Sidlesham, in the Indoawe.

of Andover, in the County of Southampton, and also County of Sussex, and others, whose Names are there-

a Burgess for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of unto subscribed, having Interest in the Premises, was

Sussex, made his Election to serve for the said Borough presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

of Andover. That there is, within the said Manor, and in the Pa-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant rish of Sidlesham, in the said County, a large Waste or to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Common, called Sidlesfutm Common, containing by the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- Estimation 400 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its liament for the Borough of M'ulhurst, in the County of present State, is of little Value, and incapable of Im-Sussex, in the room of the said Benjamin Lethieullier, provement; and the Petitioners are desirous that the Esquire. same may be divided and inclosed, to the End that it

may be rendered more beneficial to all Persons inte-The House, according to Order, resolved itself into rested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes hfore-enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of said, under such Regulations as to the House shall Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the seem meet.

said Company. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

The Lord Maitland took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Steele, Mr. Thomas, and Lord George Henry Lennox,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord Maitland reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made se- A Petition of the Commissioners for the Second Sleaford veral Amendments thereunto: which they had directed District of the Lands comprised in an Act of Parlia- Navigation, him to report, when the House will please to receive ment of the Second Year of the Reign of His present the same. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and pre-

Vrdered, That the Report be received Tomorrow " serving certain Low Lands called The Fens, lying Morning. "on both Sides of the River in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to " Navigation of the said River, from the High

Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual Two " Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through the Bo-Acts, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the " rough of Boston, to the Sea," was presented to the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widen- House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is de-ing, and altering several Roads leading from Tavi-pending in the House, for making navigable a certain stock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Stream or River, called Kyme Eau, from Sleaford Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from Castle Causeway, to the River Witham, in the said the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew County; and alledging, That the Quantity of Lands Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to within the said Second District, under the Care of the Dunna Bridge Pound, and from the Callington Turn- Petitioners, amount to upwards of 26,000 Acres; and pike Road to Morwetham and New Quay, in the said there are certain Clauses and Provisions contained in County: And the same was received; and read the the said Bill which, if passed into a Law, will very First Time. materially injure the said Lands and Grounds: And

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. therefore praying the House to take the Premises into

Consideration, and that they may be heard, by them-A Bill for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament selves, against such Parts of the said Bill as may tend of Scotland concerning Manufactories, and for extin- to the Injury of the Lands within the said Second guishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the District, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief Two Manufactories, called the Rope and Soap Manu- as to the House shall appear just and reasonable, factories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for lieu thereof; was read a Second Time. making navigable a certain Stream or River, and the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Branches thereof, from Sleaford Castle Causeway*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to, a Committee through the Town of New Sleaford, in the County of of the whole House. Lincoln, to the River Witham, near Chapel Hill, in the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow same County, and making necessary Cuts for better Sevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant June, resolve effecting such Navigation, is committed; and that the

Petitioners

24 Geo. III. 14 0 Jiiniu 107

Petitioners be heard before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That ail have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

BUhop’s A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by

Castle, virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth

Road,# Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending and widening several Roads " leading from the Town of Bishops Castle, and from " Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and " from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at Minster ley, " in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery f and also, of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money for defraying the Expences of making and repairing the said Roads, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted for those Purposes: and alledging, That the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road near the Foul Lane End Turnpike at Bishop's Castle, and leading through Lyd-ham and Linley to Norbury, in the Parishes of Lydham More and Norbury, in the County of Salop; and also, the Road leading from that Part of Watling Street Road, in the Parish of Halford, where the Bishop's Castle Turnpike Road, leading towards Ludlow now ends, through the Parishes of Halford^ Stokesay, and Cubnington, to the Turnpike Road between Ludlow and IVenlock, near a Farm called Elsich, in the said County; and also, the Road leading from the Town of Chm, through the Parishes of Clun, Clunbury, Hope-say, Sibdon, and Stokesay, to the Ludlow Turnpike Road at Newton Green, in the Parish of Stokesay, in the said County; and also, the Road leading from the /Falling Street Turnpike Road, at or near Clungun-ford, through the Parishes of Clungunford, Hopton, Bedston, and Bucknell, lo Lingen Bridge, in the said County; and also, the Road leading from Bishop's Castle aforesaid, through the Parishes of Lydham and Chirbury, in the County of Salop aforesaid, and Snead, Churchstohe, and Forden, in the County of Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road leading from Montgomery to Welsh Pool, upon Forden's Heath, at or near a Public. House, called The Golden Hart, in the said Parish of Forden, and County of Montgomery; and also, the Road branching out of the last mentioned Road at Churchstoke, and leading to a Public House, called The Blue Bell, in the Parish of Churchstoke aforesaid, in the County of Salop, and from thence to join the Turnpike Road leading from Newtown towards Bishop's Castle, at or near a Place called The Sam, in the Parish of Kerry, in the County of Montgomery; and also, the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called The White Gates, in the said Parish of Chirbury, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Montgomery towards Miusterley, at or near a Place called Lea Hall, in the Parish of Worthen afore-' said; and also, the Road leading from the Town of Montgomery, through the Parishes of Montgomery, Churchstoke, and Kerry, in the County of Montgomery, to join the said Road leading from Churchstoke, to The Sam, at or near a Place called The Farm, in the said Parish of Kerry; and also, the Road leading from Montgomery to the Finger Post near Brynydej'wen, in the Parish of Llandyssil, in the County of Montgomery, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Welsh Pool to Newtown, through the Parishes of Montgomery and Llandyssil, in the County of Montgomery aforesaid; and also, the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle aforesaid, to Montgomery, at or near ft Place called The Moat, and passing Vol. 40.

through the Parishes of Bishop's Castle, Jlfainstone, and Clun, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle to Clun aforesaid, at or near a Place called Colstey, in the County of Salop; and also, the Road leading from the Foul Lane End Turnpike at Bishop's Castle aforesaid, under the Hall Orchard, in the Parish of Bishop's Castle, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle towards Clun, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes lying adjacent to the said Roads, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pass along the said Roads, if the same were amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious for Travellers and Carriages; and that the said Roads might be conveniently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said new or additional Roads hereinbefore described, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Strachey, Mr. Frederick , Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet To-rnorrowr Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply* Committee of the whole House, to wdiora it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-one thousand One hundred and Forty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1783.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Twenty-nine thousand and Eight Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1784.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ditto, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

3E. Ordered\

198 14 Junii. 1784*

Supply. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of

Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1783, to 24th December' 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Battalions of His Majesty’s Hancroeriaji Foot in Great Britain, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 366 Days, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Five Battalions of Foot for Service in East India, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies, and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, of the _ Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1784, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Inn Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 1st of February to the 24th of December 1783, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1783, be referred to the said Committee. r Ordered\ That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1783 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 1st Day of June 1784, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1784, pursuant to the Order of Lieutenant General Mackay, commanding His Majesty’s Forces in North Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.Sjpcaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Reprewn-That a Representation be presented to His Majesty, J?tl0"oa, most humbly to offer to His Royal Consideration, that w^"8* the Address of this House upon His Majesty’s Speech from the Throne, was dictated solely by our Conviction of His Majesty’s own most gracious Intentions towards His People, which, as we feel with Gratitude, so we are ever ready to acknowledge with Cheerfulness and Satisfaction.

Impressed with these Sentiments, we were willing to separate from our general Expressions of Duty,

Respect, and Veneration to His Majesty’s Royal Person, and to His princely Virtues, all Discussion whatever with Relation to several of the Matters suggested, and several of the Expressions employed, in that Speech.

That it was not fit or becoming that any decided Opinion should be formed by His faithful Commons, on that Speech, without a Degree of Deliberation adequate to the Importance of the Object: Having afforded ourselves due Time for that Deliberation, we do now most humbly beg leave to represent to His Majesty, That, in the Speech from the Throne, His Ministers have thought proper to use a Language of a very alarming Import, unauthorized by the Practice of good Times, and irreconcileable to the Principles of this Government.

Humbly to express to His Majesty, that it is the Privilege and Duty of this House to guard the Constitution from all Infringement on the Part of Ministers, and, whenever the Occasion requires it, to warn them against any Abuse of the Authorities committed to them: But it is very lately, that, in a Manner not more unseemly than irregular and preposterous, Ministers have thought proper, by Admonition from the Throne, implying Distrust and Reproach, to convey the Expectations of the People to us, their sole Representatives; and have presumed to caution, us, the natural Guardians of the Constitution, against any Infringement of it on our Parts. This dangerous Innovation we, His faithful Commons, think it our Duty to mark; and as these Admonitions from the Throne, by their frequent Repetition, seem intended to lead gradually to the Establishment of an Usage, we hold ourselves bound thus solemnly to protest against them.

This House will be, as it ever ought to be, anxiously attentive to the Inclinations and Interests of its Constituents: Nor do we desire to straiten any of the Avenues to the Throne, or to either House of Parliament. But the ancient Order, in w'hich the Rights of the People have been exercised, is not a Restriction of these Rights; it is a Method providently framed in Favour of those Privileges, which it preserves and enforces by keeping in that Course which has been found the most effectual for answering their Ends. His Majesty may receive the Opinions and Wishes of Individuals under their Signatures, and of Bodies Corporate under their Seals, as expressing their own particular Sense; and He may grant such Redress as the legal Powers of the Crown enables the Crown to afford. This, and the other House of Parliament, may also receive the Wishes of such Corporations and Individuals by Petition; the collective Sense of His People His Majesty is to receive from His Commons in Parliament assembled. It would destroy the whole Spirit of the Constitution, if His Commons were to receive that Sense from the Ministers of the Crown,

9 or

34 Geo. III. i 40 Juniu 109

or to admit them to be a proper or a regular Channel for conveying it.

That the Ministers in the said Speech declare, " That His Majesty has a just and conhdent Reliance, " that we (His faithful Commons) are animated with u the same Sentiments of Loyalty, and the same Attachment to our excellent Constitution, which He " had the Happiness to see so fully manifested in " every Part of the Kingdom."

To represent, That His iaithful Commons have never failed in Loyalty to His Majesty. It is new to them to be reminded of it. It is unnecessary and invidious to press it upon them by any Example. This Recommendation of Loyalty, after His Majesty has sat for so many Years, with the full Support of all Descriptions of His Subjects, on the Throne of this Kingdom, at a Time of profound Peace, and without any Pretence of the Existence or Apprehension of War or Conspiracy, becomes in itself a Source of no small Jealousy to His faithful Commons, as many Circumstances lead us to apprehend that therein the Ministers have Reference to some other Measures and Principles of Loyalty, and to some other Ideas of the Constitution, than the Laws require, or the Practice of Parliament will admit.

No regular Communication of the Proofs of Loyalty and Attachment to the Constitution, alluded to in the Speech from the Throne, have been laid before this House, in order to enable us to judge of the Nature, Tendency, or Occasion of them, or in what particular Acts they were displayed: But if we are to suppose the Manifestations of Loyalty (which are held out to us as an Example for Imitation) consist in certain Addresses delivered to His Majesty, promising Support to His Majesty in the Exercise of His Prerogative, and thanking His Majesty for removing certain of His Ministers, on Account of the Votes they have given upon Bills depending in Parliament: If this be the Example of Loyalty alluded to in the Speech from the Throne, then we must beg Leave to express our serious Concern for the Impression which has been made on any of our Fellow-Subjects by Misrepresentations, which have seduced them into a seeming Approbation of Proceedings subversive of their own Freedom: We conceive, that the Opinions delivered in these Papers were not well considered; nor were the Parties duly informed of the Nature of the Matters on which they were called to determine, nor of those Proceedings of Parliament which they were led to censure.

We shall act more advisedly. — The Loyalty we shall manifest will not be the same with theirs; but, we trust, equally sincere, and more enlightened. It is no slight Authority which shall persuade us (by receiving "as Proofs of Loyalty the mistaken Principles lightly taken up in these Addresses) obliquely to criminate, with the heavy and ungrounded Charge of Disloyalty and Disaffection, an uncorrupt, independent, and reforming Parliament. Above all, we shall take Care that none of the Rights and Privileges, always claimed, and since the Accession of His Majesty’s illustrious Family constantly exercised, by this House (and which we hold and exercise in Trust for the Commons of Great Britain, and for their Benefit) shall be constructively surrendered, or even weakened and impaired, under ambiguous Phrases, and Implications of Censure on the late Parliamentary Proceedings: If these Claims are not well founded, they ought to be honestly abandoned; if they are just, they ought to be steadily and resolutely maintained.

Of His Majesty’s Own gracious Disposition towards the true Principles of our free Constitution, His faithful Commons never did, or could, entertain a Doubt: But we humbly beg Leave to express to

His Majesty our Uneasiness concerning other new and unusual Expressions of His Ministers declaratory of a Vol. 40.

Resolution " tq support, in their just Balance, the " Rights and Privileges of every Branch of the " Legislature."

It were desjrable that all hazardous Theories concerning a, Balance, of Rights and Privileges (a Mode of Expression wholly foreign, to Parliamentary Usage) might have been forborne: Your Commons are well instructed in their own Rights and Privileges, which they are determined to maintain on the Footing upon which they were handed down from their Ancestors; They are not unacquainted with, the Rights and Privileges of the House of Pqers, and they know and respect the lawful Prerogatives of the Crown: But

they do not think it safe to admit any Thing concerning the Existence of a Balance of those Rights, Privileges, and Prerogatives, nor, are they able to discern to what Objects Ministers would apply their Fiction of a Balance, nor what they . would consider as a just one: These unauthorized Doctrines have aTendency to stir improper Discussions, and to lead to mischievous Innovations in the Constitution.

That His faithful Commons most humbly recomr mend, instead of the inconsiderate Speculations of unexperienced Men, that, on all Occasions, Resort should be. bad to the happy Practice of Parliament, and to those solid Maxims of Government which have prevailed since the Accession of His Majesty’s illustrious Family, as furnishing the only safe Principles qn which the Crown and Parliament can proceed.

We think it the more necessary to be cautious on this Head, as, in the last Parliament, the present Ministers had thought proper to countenance, if not to suggest, an Attack upon the most clear and undoubted Rights and Privileges of tins House.

Fearing, from these extraordinary Admonitions, and from the new Doctrines, which seem to have dictated- several unusual Expressions, that His Majesty has been abused by false Representations of the late Proceedings in Parliament, we think it our Duty respectfully to inform His Majesty, that, no Attempt whatever has been made against His lawful Prerogatives, or against the Rights and Privileges of the Peers, by the late House of Commons, in any of their Addresses, Votes, or Resolutions: Neither do we

know of any Proceeding by Bill, in which it was proposed to abridge the Extent of His Royal Prerogative: But, if such Provision had existed in any Bill, we protest, and we declare, against all Speeches, Acts, or Addresses, from any Persons whatsoever, which have a Tendency to consider such Bills, or the Persons concerned in them, as just Objects of apy Kind of Censure and Punishment from the Throne: Necessary Reformations may hereafter require, as they have frequently done in former Times, Limitations and Abridgements, and in some Cases an entire Extinction of some Branch of Prerogative: If Bills should be improper in the Form in which they appear in the House where they originate, they are liable, by the Wisdom of this Constitution, to be corrected, and even to be totally set aside, elsewhere; . this is the known, the legal, and the safe Remedy: But whatever, by the Manifestation of the Royal Displeasure, tends to intimidate Individual Members from proposing, or this House from receiving, debating, and passing Rills, tends to prevent even the Beginning of every Reformation in the State, and utterly destroys the deliberative Capacity of Parliament: We therefore claim, demand, and insist upon it as our undoubted Right, that no Persons shall be deemed proper Objects of Animadversion by the Crown, in any Mode whatever, for the Votes which they give, or the Propositions which they make, in Parliament.

We humbly conceive, that besides its Share of the Legislative Power, and its Right of Impeachment, that, by the Law and Usage of Parliament, this House has other Powers and Capacities, which it is bound

tP

Representation on the King's Speech.

Stprescn-t&tion on the King’* Speech.

200 140 JuniL 1784.

to maintain: This House is assured, that our humblfe we can expect in the Exercise of them: We are to Advice, on the Exercise of Prerogative, will be heard offer salutary, which is not always pleasing, Council: with the same Attention with which it has ever been We are to enquire and to accuse, and the Objects of Regarded, and that it will be followed by the same our Enquiry and Charge will be for the most Part Effects Which it has ever produced during the happy Persons of Wealth, Power, and extensive Connections: and glorious Reigns of His Majesty’s Royal Progeni- We are to make rigid Laws for the Preservation of tors, not doubting but that, in all those Points, we Revenue, which of Necessity more or less confine shall be considered as a Council of Wisdom and some Action, or restrain some Function, which before Weight to advise, and not merely as an Accuser of was free: What is the most critical and invidious of Competence to criminate: This House claims both all, the whole Body of the Public Impositions originate Capacities, and We trust that we shall be left to our from U9, and the Hand of the House of Commons free Discretion which of them we shall employ as best is seen and felt in every Burthen that presses on the calculated for His Majesty’s, and the National, Ser- People: Whilst, ultimately, we are serving them, and in vice: Whenever we shall see it expedient to offer our the first instance whilst wre are serving His Majesty, it Advice concerning His Majesty’s Servants, who are will be hard, indeed, if we should see a House of Com-those of the Public, we confidently hope Jthat the per- mons the Victim of its Zeal and Fidelity, sacrificed by sonal Favour of any Minister, or any Set of Ministers, His Ministers to those very popular Discontents which will not be more dear to His Majesty than the Credit shall be excited by our dutiful Endeavours for the and Character of an House of Commons: It is an Ex- Security and Greatness of His Throne: No other

periment full of Peril to put the Representative Wis- Consequence can result from such an Example, but dom and Justice of His Majesty’s People in the that, in future, the House of Commons, consulting its Wrong: It is a crooked and a desperate Design, Safety at the Expence of its Duties, and suffering the leading to Mischief, the Extent of which no human whole Energy of the State to be relaxed, will shrink Wisdom can foresee, to attempt to form a Prerogative from every Service, which, however necessary, is of Party in the Nation, to be resorted to as Occasion a great and arduous Nature, or that, willing to pro-shall require, in Derogation from the Authority of the vide for the Public Necessities, and, at the same Time, Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled: to secure the Means of performing that Task, they It is a Contrivance full of Danger, for Ministers to set will exchange Independence for Protection, and will up the Representative and Constituent Bodies of the court a subservient Existence through the Favour of those Commons of this Kingdom as Two separate and Ministers of State, or those Secret Advisers, who ought distinct Powers, formed to counterpoise each other, themselves to stand in Awe of the Commons of this leaving the Preference in the Hands of secret Ad- Realm.

visers of the Crown: In such a Situation of Things, An House of Commons, respected by His Ministers, these Advisers, taking Advantage of the Differences is essential to His Majestys Service: It is fit that which may accidentally arise, or may purposely be they should yield to Parliament, and not that Parlia-fomented between them, will have it in their Choice to ment should be broken and new modelled until it is resort to the one or the other, as may best suit the fitted to their Purposes: If our Authority is only to be Purposes of their sinister Ambition: fey exciting an held up when we coincide in Opinion with His Majesty’s Emulation and Contest between the Representative and Advisers, but is to be set at nought the Moment it Constituent Bodies, as Parties contending for Credit differs from them, the House of Commons will sink and Influence at the Throne, Sacrifices will be made into a mere Appendage of Administration, and will by both, and the Whole can end in nothing else than lose that independent Character which, inseparably the Destruction of the dearest Rights and Liberties of connecting the Honour and Reputation with the Acts of the Nation: If there must be another Mode of con- this House, enables us to afford a real, effective, and veying the collective Sense of the People to the Throne substantial Support to His Government: It is the De-than that by the House of Commons, it ought to be ference shewn to our Opinion, when we dissent from the fixed and defined, and its Authority ought to be settled: Servants of the Crown, which alone can give Authority It ought not to exist in so precarious and dependent to the Proceedings of this House, when it concurs with a State, as that Ministers should have it in their Power, their Measures.

at their own mere Pleasure, to acknowledge it with That Authority once lost, the Credit of His Majesty’s Respect, or to reject it with Scorn. Crown will be impaired in the Eyes of all Nations:

It is the undoubted Prerogative of the Crown to Foreign Powers, who may yet wish to revive a dissolve Parliament; but we beg Leave to lay before friendly Intercourse with this Nation, will look in vain His Majesty, that it is, of all the Trusts vested in His for that Hold which gave a Connection with Great Majesty, the most critical and delicate, and that in Britain the Preference to an Alliance with any other which this House has the most Reason to require State: An House of Commons, of which Ministers not only the good Faith but the Favour of the Crown: were known to stand,in Awe, where every Thing was His Commons are not always upon a Par with His necessarily discussed, on Principles fit to be openly Ministers in an Application to popular Judgment: and publicly avowed, and which could not be retracted It is not in the Power of the Members of this House or varied without Danger, furnished a Ground of to go to their Election at the Moment the most fa- Confidence in the Public Faith, which the Engage-vourable for them; It is in the Power of the Crown ment of no State dependent on the Fluctuation of to choose a Time for their Dissolution whilst great Personal Favour, and Private Advice, can ever pretend and arduous Matters of State and Legislation are de- to: If Faith with the House of Commons, the grand pending, which may be easily misunderstood, and Security for the National Faith itself, can be broken which cannot be fully explained before that Mis- with Impunity, a Wound is given to the Political Im-understanding may prove fatal to the Honour that portance of Great Britain} which will not easily be belongs, and to the Consideration that is due, to healed.

Members of Parliament. That there was a great Variance between the late

With His Majesty is the Gift of all the Rewards, House of Commons, and certain Persons, whom His the Honours, Distinctions, Favours, and Graces of the Majesty has been advised to make and continue as State; with His Majesty is the Mitigation of all the Ministers, in Defiance of the Advice of that House, Rigours of the Law; and we rejoice to see the Crown is notorious to the World: That House did not possessed of Trusts calculated to obtain Good-will, and confide in those Ministers; and they withheld their charged with Duties which are popular and pleasing: Our Confidence from them for Reasons for which Posterity Trusts are of a different Kind: Our Duties are harsh and will honour and respect the Names of those who corn-invidious in their Nature, and Justice and Safety is all posed that House of Commons, distinguished for its

Independence:

24 Geo. III. t Junii. Vdi

Independence: They could not donfide in Persons who submit to His Majesty's Consideration the Conse-Repr€gen. have shewn a Disposition to dark and dangerous In- quence of this their Breach of Public Faith. tation on

trigues: By these Intrigues they have weakened, if Whilst the Members of the House of Commons, the King't not destroyed, the clear Assurance which His Majesty's under that Security, were engaged in Your Majesty’s Spefch* People, and which all Nations, ought to have of what and the National Business, Endeavours were industri-are and what are not the real Acts of His Govern- ously used to calumniate those whom it was found im-ment. practicable to corrupt: The Reputation of the Members,

If it should be seen that His Ministers may continue and the Reputation of the House itself, was undermined in their Offices, without any Signification to them of in every Part of the Kingdom. %

His Majesty’s Displeasure at any of their Measures, In the Speech from the Throne relative to India we whilst Persons considerable for their Rank, and known are cautioned by the Ministers, " not to lose Sight of to have had Access to His Majesty’s sacred Person, " the Effect any Measure may have on the Constitution can, with Impunity, abuse that Advantage, and em- " of our Country:" We are apprehensive that a ca-ploy His Majesty’s Name to disavow and counteract lumnious Report spread Abroad of an Attack upon the Proceedings of His Official Servants, nothing but His Majesty’s Prerogative by the late House of Corn-Distrust, Discord, Debility, Contempt of all Autho- mons may have made an Impression on His Royal rity, and general Confusion, can prevail in His Go- Mind, and have given Occasion to this unusual Ad-vemment. monition to the present: This Attack is charged to have

This we lay before His Majesty, with Humility and been made in the late Parliament* by a Bill which Concern, as the inevitable Effect of a Spirit of In- passed the House of Commons in the last Session trigue in His Executive Government; an Evil which of the last Parliament, for the Regulation of the Af-we have but too much Reason to be persuaded exists fairs, for the Preservation of the Commerce, and for and increases: During the Course of the last Session it the Amendment of the Government of this Nation, in

broke out in a Manner the most alarming: This Evil The East Indies.

was infinitely aggravated by the unauthorized but not That His Majesty and His People may have an Op-disavowed Use which has been made of His Majesty’s portunity of entering into the Ground of this injurious Name for the Purpose of the most unconstitutional, Charge, we beg Leave humbly to acquaint His Ma-corrupt, and dishonourable Influence on the Minds jesty, that, far from having made any Infringemerit of the Members of Parliament that ever was whatsoever on any Part of His Royal Prerogative, practised in this Kingdom: No Attention, even that Bill did,' for a limited Time, give to His Majesty

to exterior Decorum in the Practice of Corruption, certain Powers never before possessed by the Crown; and Intimidation employed on Peers, was ob- and for this His present Ministers (who, rather than

served: Several Peers were obliged under Menaces fell short in the Number of their Calumnies, employ

to retract their Declarations, and to recall their some that are contradictory) have slandered this Proxies. House, as aiming at the Extension of an unconsti-

The Commons have the deepest Interest in the Pu- tutional Influence in His Majesty’s Crown: This pre-

rity and Integrity of the Peerage: They dispose of all tended Attempt to increase the Influence of the

the Property of the Kingdom, in the last Resort, and Crown, they were weak enough to endeavour to per-they dispose of it on their Honour and not on their suade His Majesty’s People was amongst the Causes Oaths, as all the Members of every other Tribunal in which excited His Majesty’s Resentment against His late the Kingdom must do; though in them the Proceed- Ministers.

ing is not conclusive: We have, therefore, a Right to Further, to remove the Impressions of this Calumny

demand that no Application shall be made to Peers of concerning an Attempt in the House of Commons such a Nature as may give Room to call in Question, against His Prerogative, it is proper to inform His Ma-much less attaint, our sole Security, for all that we pos- jesty, that the Territorial Possessions in The East Indies sess: This corrupt Proceeding appeared to the House never have beeu declared, by any public Judgment, of Commons, who are the Natural Guardian of the Act, or Instrument, or any Resolution of Parliament Purity of Parliament, and of the Purity of every Branch whatsoever, to be the Subject Matter of His Majesty’s of Judicature, a most reprehensible and dangerous Prerogative; nor have they ever been understood as Practice, tending to shake the very Foundation of the belonging to His ordinary Administration, or to be Authority of the House of Peers; and they branded it annexed or united to His Crown; but that they are an as such by their Resolution. Acquisition of a new and peculiar Description, unknown

The House had not sufficient Evidence to enable to the ancient Executive Constitution of this Country,

them legally to punish this Practice, but they had From Time to Time, therefore, Parliament pro-

enough to caution them against all Confidence in the vided for their Government according to its Discre-Authors and Abettors of it: They performed their tion, and to its Opinion of what was required by Duty in humbly advising His Majesty against the Em- the public Necessities: We do not know that His ployment of such Ministers; but Uis Majesty was Majesty was entitled by Prerogative, to exercise any advised to keep those Ministers, and to dissolve that Act of Authority whatsoever in the Company’s Af-Parliament: That House aware of the Importance fairs, or that, in Effect, such Authority ever has been and Urgency of its Duty, with regard to the British exercised: His Majesty’s Patronage was riot taken Interests in India, which were and are in the utmost away by that Bill, because it is notorious that His Ma-Disorder, and in the utmost Peril, most humbly request jesty never originally had the Appointment of a single His Majesty, not to dissolve the Parliament during the Officer, Civil or Military, in the Company’s Establish-Course of their very critical Proceedings on that Sub- ment in India; nor has the least Degree of Patronage ject: Your Majesty’s gracious Condescension to that ever been acquired to the Crown in any other Manner Request wTas conveyed in the Royal Faith, pledged to or Measure than as the Power was thought expedient an House of Parliament, and solemnly delivered from to be granted by Act of Parliament, that is, by the . the Throne: It w as but a very few Days after a Com- very same Authority by which the Officers were disposed mittee had been, with the Consent and Concurrence of and regulated in the Bill, which Yoijr Servants have of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, appointed for an falsely and injuriously represented as infringing on the Enquiry into certain Accounts delivered to the House Prerogative of the Crown.

by the Court of Directors, and then actually engaged Before the Year 1773 the whole Administration of in that Enquiry, that the Ministers, regardless of the India, and the whole Patronage to Office there, was in Assurance given from the Crown to an House of Com- the Hands of the East India Company: The East mons, did dissolve that Parliament: We most humbly India Company is not a Branch of His Majesty’s Vox* 40. 3 F Prerogative

Representation on the/Kibg'i Speech*

402

140 Junii. 1784.

.Prerogative Administration, nor does that Body exercise any Species of Authority under it, npr indeed from any , British Title that does not derive all its legal Validity from Acts of Parliament.

When a Claim was asserted to (he India Territorial Ppssejssipns in the Occupation of the Company, these Possessions were not claimed as Parcel of . His Majesty’s ^Patrimonial Estate, or as a Fruit of the ancient Inheritance of His Crown: They were claimed for the Public; and when Agreements were made with the Jdast India Company concerning any Composition for ‘the holding, or any Participation of the Profits of ‘those Territories, the Agreement was made with the ^Public, and the Preambles of the several Acts have qnifonply so stated it: These Agreements were not made (even nominally) with His Majesty, but with Parliament, and ifie Bills making and establishing such Agreements always originated in this House, jjwbidi appropriated the Money to await the Disposition of Parliament, without the Ceremony of previous Consent from the Crown even so jnuch as suggested by any of Your Ministers; which previous Con-,?jcnt is an Observance of Decoryjn, not: indeed of strict Right, but generally paid when a new Appropriation

SKes Place in any Part of His Majesty’s Prerogative avenues.

‘ In prance of a Right thus uniformly recognized, ;apd umfqriply acted on, when Parliament undertook me Reforination gi the East India Company, in 1773, a .^Cqtnmissipp was appointed, as the Commission in the date JBijl w;as appointed ;, and it was made to continue 'for a Term of Yep, as the iCommission in the late Bill pas to continue; all the Commissioners were flaplpd iti Parliament, as in the late Bill they were pamed; as they received, so they held their Offices, wholly independent of the Crown; they held them for a fixed Term; they were not rejnoveable by an Address of either House, or even of both Houses of Parliament, a Precaution observed in the late Bill, relative to the Commissioners proposed therein; nor were they bound by the strict Rules of Proceeding which reeidajed and restrained the late Commissioners against all possib'e Abuse of a Power which could not fail of being diligently and zealously watched by the Ministers ,of the Crown, and the Proprietors of the Stock, as well as by Parliament; their Proceedings were, in that Bill, directed to be of such a Nature us easily to subject Jthejn to the strictest Revision of both, in Case of any Malversation.

In ti|e Year 1780 an Act of Parliament again made Provision for die Government of those Territories for another Four Years, without any Sort of Reference to Prerogative; nor was the least Objection taken at the Second, mom than at the First of those Periods, as jf an Infringement had been made upon the Rights of the Crowp > yet His Majesty’s Ministers have thought fit to represent the late Commission as an entire Innovation on the Constitution, and the setting-up a new Order and Estate in the Nation, tending to the Subversion of thp Monarchy itself.

If the Government of The East Indies, other than by His Majesty’s Prerogative, be, in Effect, a Fourth ,0Tder in the Commonwealth, this Order has long existed, because the East India Company has for many Years enjoyed it in the fullest Extent, and does at this very pay enjoy the whole Administration of those provinces, and the Patronage to Offices throughout tfiat great Empire, except as it is controuled by Act of Parliament.

R was thp ill Condition, and ill Administration of pie Company’? Affairs, which induced this House (merely as a temporary Establishment) to vest the fem? Powers which the Company did before possess, apd 90 other, for a limited time, and under very strict Directions, in proper Hands, until they could |e restored, or further Provision made concerning

them: It was therefore no Creation whatever of a new Power, but the Removal of an old Power, long sinco created, and then existing, from the Management of those Persons who had manifestly and dangerously abused their Trust: This House, which well knows -the Parliamentary Origin of all the Company’s Powers and Privileges, and is not ignorant or negligent, of the Authority which may vest those Powers and Privileges in others, if Justice and the Public Safety so require, is conscious to itself that it no more creates a new Order in the State, by making occasional Trustees for the Direction of the Company, than it oiigi-pally did in giving a much more permanent Trust to the Directors, or to the General Court of that Body: The Monopoly of the East India Company -was a Derogation from the general Freedom of Trade belonging to Your People: The Powers of Government, and of Peace and War, are Parts of Prerogative of the highest Order: Of our Competence to

restrain the Rights of all Your Subjects by Act of

Parliament, and ,to vest those high and eminent Prerogatives even in a particular Company of Merchants, there has hitherto been no Question: And we beg Rqave most humbly to claim as our Right, and sum as this House has always used, to frame such Bills, for ..the Regulation of that Commerce, and of these Territories, and every Thing relating to them, as to our Discretion shall seem fit: And we assert and maintain,

that therein we follow, and do not innovate on the

f Constitution.

That His Majesty’s Ministers, misled by their Ambition,. have endeavoured, if possible, to form a Faction in the Country against the popular Part of the Constitution, and have therefore thought proper -to add to their slanderous Accusation against a House of Parliament, relative to His Majesty’s Prerogative, ;another of a different Nature, calculated for the Purpose of raising Fears and Jealousies among the Corporate Bodies of the Kingdom; and of persuading uninformed Persons belonging to those Corporations to look to, and make Addresses to them as Protectors of their Rights, under their several Charters, from the Designs winch they, without any Ground, charged the then House of Commons to have formed against Charters in general: For this Purpose they have not scrupled to assert, that the Exertion of His Majesty’s Prerogative in the late precipitate Change in His Administration, and the Dissolution of the late Parliament, were Measures adopted in order to rescue the People and their Rights out of the Hands of the House of Commons, their Representatives.

We trust that His Majesty’s Subjects are not yet so far deluded as to believe that the Charters in any other local or general Privilege can have a solid Security in any Place but where that Security has always been looked for, and always found, in the -House of Commons: Miserable and precarious indeed, would be the State of their Franchises, if they were to find no Defence but from- that Quarter from whence they have always been attacked; but the late House of Commons, in passing that Bill, made no Attack upon any Powers or Privileges, except such as an House of Commons has frequently attacked, and will attack, (and they trust, in the End, with their wonted Success) that is, upon those which sue corruptly and oppressively administered; and that we will correct, and, if necessary for the Purpose, as far as in us lies, will.wholly destroy every Species of Power and Authority exercised to the Oppression, Wrong, and Detriment of the People, and to the Impoverishment qnd Desolation of the Countries subject to it.

The Propagators of the Calumnies against that House of Parliament have been indefatigable in exaggerating the supposed Injury done to the East India Company by the Suspension of the Authorities which they

.34 Geo. III. '140 Junii. &03

they have, in every Instance,* abused, as if Power’had Malversationsin Office ate 'supjfHfrfed Irifctetfd 6f being Represpa-been wrested, by Wrong and Violence,-from just and checked By‘the-Company: rPhe 'AV^olie16f the Affairs prudent Hands: But they have, with equal Care, con- of that‘Body‘are reduced to fa most perilous Situation, Speech^* sealed the weighty Grounds and Reasons on which and many Millions of irinOcbnt and d^sCVvirtg Mcq, that House had adopted the most moderate of all ^who are under the Protection Of this Nation, arid Whp* possible Expedients for rescuing the Natives of India ought to be protected fry'it, are opjnessed {by a most from Oppression, and for saving the Interests of the -despotic -and rapacious Tyranny: The*Company and real and honest Proprietors of their Stock, as well as that their Servants having strengthened themsel ves by this

freat National, Commercial Concern, from imminent Confederacy, set at Defiance the "Authority drid.Ad-Luin. 1 monitions of this House employed to reform them;

The Ministers aforesaid have also caused it to be *and when this House had selected certain principal -reported, that the House of Commons had confiscated ‘Delinquents, whom they declared it the Duty of the the Property of the East India Company: It is the Company to recall, the Company held out its legrii Reverse of Truth: The whole Management was a ^Privileges against all Reformation; positively refused Trust for the Proprietors, under their own Inspection ito recall them, and supported those who had fallen (and it was so provided for in the Bill) and under under the ju$t Censure of this House, with new and the Inspection of Parliament: That Bill, so far from ‘Stronger Marks of Coumenrance and Approbation, confiscating the Company’s Property, was the only The date House, discovering the 1 reversed Situation

one which, for several Years past, did not, in some of the Company, by which the Nominal Servants'are Shape or other, affect their Property, or restrain them really the Masters, and the Offenders are become their in the Disposition of it. sown Judges, thought fit to examine into the State of

It is proper that His Majesty and all His People their Commerce, and they have also discovered that should be informed, that the House of'Commons their‘Commercial Affairs are in the'greatest Disorder; have proceeded, with regard to the East India Com- that their Debts have accumulated beyond any pre-pany, with a Degree of Care, Circumspection, and «ertt or obvions future Means of Payment, at least Deliberation, which has not been equalled in the sunder the actual Administration of their Affkirs; that History of Parliamentary Proceedings: For Sixteen -this ‘Condition of the East hidia Company has begtfn Years the State and Condition of that Body has never 'to effect the Sinking Pund itself, on which the Public been wholly out of their View: In the Year 1767, Credit of die Kingdom fests, a Million and upwards the House took those Objects into Consideration, in -being due to the Customs, which that House of Conr-«a Committee of the whole House: The Business was snorts,‘whose Intentions towards the Company have ^pursued in the following Year: In the Year 1772 "been so grossly misrepresented, were indulgent’enough Two Committees were appointed for the same Pur- ‘to respite, and thus, instead of confiscating fheftr Propose, which examined into their Affairs with much yerty, the Company received without Interest (which Diligence, and made very ample Reports: Tn the ‘in such a Case had been before charged) the Use of *a Year 1773 the Proceedings were carried to an Act of very large Sum of the Public Money: The Revenues Parliament, which proved ineffectual to its Purposes, are under the peculiar Care of this House, ndtJonlytrs The Oppressions and Abuses in India having since *the Revenues originate from ns, but as, on every Tather increased than diminished, on account of the ^Failure of the Funds, set apart for the Support of thfe Greatness of the Temptations and Convenience of 'National Credit, or to provide for the National Strength the Opportunities, which got the better of the Legis- «md Safety, the Task of supplying every Deficiency falls lative Provisions calculated against ill Practices, then upon His Majesty’s faithful Commons, this House in their Beginnings: Insomuch that, in 1781, Two must, in Effect, tax the People; the House therefore, Vft

Committees were again instituted, who have made ‘every Moment, incurs the Hazard of becoming bb-

Seventeen Reports: It was upon the most minute, noxious to its Constituents.

exact, and laborious Collection and Discussion of The Enemies of the late House of Commons re-

dacts, that the late House of Commons proceeded in solved, if possible, to bring on that Event; they there-the Reform which they attempted in the Administra- tore endeavoured to misrepresent the provident Means tion of India, but which has been frustrated by Ways adopted by the House of Commons for keeping off and Means the most dishonourable to His Majesty’s this invidious Necessity, as an Attack on the Rights Government, and the most pernicious to the Consti- of the East India Company; for they well krifew, that tution of this Kingdom: His Majesty was so sensible on the one Hand, if, for Want of proper Regulation of the Disorders in the Company’s Administration, and Relief, the Company should become Insolvent, or that the Consideration of this Subject was no less even stop Payment, the National Credit and Com-than Six Times recommended to this House in Speeches merce would sustain an heavy Blow; and that Cala-from the Throne. mity would be justly imputed to Parliament, which.

The Result of the Parliamentary Enquiries has after such long Enquiries, and Such frequent Admo-

been, that the East India Company was found totally nitions from His Majesty, had neglected so essential corrupted, and totally perverted from the Purposes of and so urgent an Article of their Duty: On the other its Institution, whether Political or Commercial; that Hand they knew, that, wholly corrupted as the Com-the Powers of War and Peace given by the Charter pany is, nothing effectual could be done td preserve hud been abused, by kindling Hostilities in every that Interest from Ruin, without taking for a Time Quarter for the Purposes of Rapine; that almost all the National Objects Of their Trust out of their the Treaties of Peace they have made, have only Hands; and then a Cry would lbe industriously raised given Cause to so many Breaches of Public Faith; against the House of Commons, as depriving British that Countries once the most flourishing are reduced Subjects of their legal Privileges: The Restraint, being to a State of Indigence, Decay, and Depopulation, plain aHd simple, must be easily understood by thosfe to the Diminution of our Strength, and to the infinite who would be brought, with great Difficulty, to corhprtM Dishonour of our National Character; that the Laws hend the intricate Detail of Matters of Fact, which of this Kingdom are notoriously, and almost hi every rendered this Suspension of the Administration of India Instance, despised; that the Servants of the Company, absolutely necessary on Motives of Justice, of Policy, of by the Purchase of Qualifications to vote in the Ge- public Honour, and public Safety, neral Court, and, at length, by getting the Company That House of Commons had trot been able to de-itself deeply in their Debt, have obtained the entire Vise a Method, by which the Redress of Grievances and absolute Mastery in that Body, by which they could be effected through the Authors of those Griev-eught to have been ruled and coerced* fhus their ancestor how Corruptions could be purified by thfe Vol. 40. Corruptors

cl by Goodie

s4 14 — *

totfoTon" Corruptora and the Cprrupted; rior do wfe ifow conceive,

the King’s h°w any Reformation can proceed from the known

Speech. Abettors and Supporters of the Persons who have been guilty of the Misdemeanors which Parliament has reprobated, and who for their own ill Purposes have given Countenance to a false and delusive State of the Company*s Affairs, fabricated to mislead Parliament, and to impose upon the Nation.

Your Commons feel, with a just Resentment, the inadequate Estimate which your Ministers have formed of the Importance of this great Concern: They call to act upon the Principles of those who have not enquired into the Subject, and to condemn those who, with the most laudable Diligence, have examined and scrutinized every Part of it: The Delilierations of Parliament have been broken; the Season of the Year is unfavourable; many of us are new Members, who must be wholly unacquainted with the Subject, which lies remote from the ordinary Course of general Information.

We are cautioned against an Infringement of the Constitution; and it is impossible to know, what the secret Advisers of the Crown, who have driven out the late Ministers for their Conduct in Parliament, and have dissolved the late Parliament for a pretended Attack upon Prerogative, will consider as such an Infringement: We are not furnished with a Rule, the Observance of which can make us safe from the Resentment of the Crown, even by an implicit Obedience to the Dictates of the Ministers who have advised that Speech; We know not how soon those Ministers may be disavowed, and how soon the Members of this House, for our very Agreement with them, may be considered as Objects of His Majesty’s Displeasure: Until by His Majesty’s Goodness and Wisdom the late Example is compleatly done away, we are not free.

We are well aware, in providing for the Affairs of the East, with what an adult Strength of Abuse, and of Wealth and Influence growing out of that Abuse, His Majesty’s Commons had, in the last Parliament, and still have, to struggle: We are sensible that the Influence of that Wealth, in a much larger Degree and Measure than at any former Period, may have penetrated into the very Quarter from whence alone any real Reformation can be expected.

If, therefore, in the arduous Affairs recommended to us, our Proceedings should be ill adapted, feeble, and ineffectual; if no Delinquency should be prevented, and no Delinquent should be called to Account; if every Person should be caressed, promoted, and raised in Power, in Proportion to the Enormity of his Offences; if no Relief should be given to any of the Natives unjustly dispossessed of their Rights, Jurisdictions, and Properties; if no cruel and unjust Exactions should be, forborne; if the Source of no Peculation, or oppressive Gain, should be cut off; if, by the Omission of the Opportunities that were in our Hands, our Indian Empire should fall into Ruin irretrievable, and in its Fall crush the Credit, and Overwhelm the Revenues of this Country, we stand acquitted to our Honour, and to our Conscience, who have reluctantly seen the weightiest Interests of our Country, at Times the most critical to its Dignity and Safety, rendered the Sport of the inconsiderate and unmeasured Ambition of Individuals, and by that Means the Wisdom of His Majesty’s Government degraded in the public Estimation, and the Policy and Character of this renowned Nation rendered contemptible in the Eyes of all Europe.

It passed in the Negative.

Preveotion of The other Orders of the Day being read;

-Smuggling. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Jlouse, to consider further of the Laws made tq

50 yunit. A. 1784*

prevent the clandestine Impohation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon JVcdnesdatf Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committed of thfe *ieans- 1 whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House ddjtiurried till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis9 15* die Junii j Anno 24* Georgii IIItu Regis* 1784.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Midshall the Petition of Roger Wilbraham, Esquire; and Election, also, the Petition of Christopher Hawkins, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the Borough of Midshall, otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Sixty Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.-

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirteen Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Seven, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Three, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Three on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside* being complete, the Counsel for Mr. Wilbraham named George Dempster, Esquire, and the Counsel for Mr.

Hawkins named Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, As^ Exeter Poor, sistants, and Guardians of foe Poor of the City and

County

tyagdon

jodosure.

Gloucester Gao), kc.

Debtors Petitions,

34 Geo. III.

15 0 JuniL

205

County of Efim, under their Common Seal, was presented^ the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the 9th and 10th Years of King JVtlliam the Third, the Petitioners were incorporated for the better maintaining of the Poor of the City and County of Exon, with Power to raise a certain Annual Sum for that Purpose; and, by another Act, passed in the 31st Year of King George the Second, they were impowered to raise a certain Sum to discharge a then incurred Debt; and that the Petitioners were, by another Act, passed in the 14th Year of His present Majesty, impowered to raise a certain Sum for Discharge of a Debt then due, and also to raise an additional Annual Income for the several Purposes therein mentioned; and that, by the great Increase of the Poor of the said City and County, by the increased Price of Provisions, and the Expences incurred in embodying the Militia, the Petitioners have been obliged to contract a Debt of £.4,560, and upwards, which they are unable to discharge, and therefore are rendered quite incapable of answering the Purposes of the above-mentioned Acts: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling them to raise Money for Payment and Discharge of their Debt, and also to raise such further Sum, for the more effectual Support of the Poor of the said City, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baring, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phe-lips, Mr. Hussey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Gaol, or Prison, and also the several Bridewells for the said County, are too small, and not only inconvenient, but very much out of Repair; and that other Bridewells are absolutely necessary for the safe Custody and Preservation of Persons w'ho are committed thereto, and, for the Public Safety, a new Gaol is absolutely necessary to be built: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a new Gaol, and several new Bridewells, in the said County, and for the better and more effectual Regulation and managing the same, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to^he Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Masters, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fellow-Prisoners, in the like Situation ill the several Gaols in this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors, confined in the Castle of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. James Lowther reported froth the Committee, farkby-to whom the Petition of several of the acting Trustees Steven High for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made Head in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for repairing and widening " the Roads from Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to " Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

" and from Bracken-Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the " County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby-Kendal, and also the Road from the Four Lane-Ends " in Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg " House, leading from Appleby to Kirkby-Kendal, in the said County of Westmoreland; " and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from Bracken-Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby-Kendal, and also the Road from the Four Lane-Ends in Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby to Kendal, in the said County of Westmoreland, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April,

1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been' complied with (except that Two of the Notices in the Newspapers were published on the 7th and 14th Days of October'); and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, the said Act w as read, by which it appeared, that the same expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament; and the Books of the Trust were produced to the Committee, which shewed* that a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and still remains due.

In Support of the Allegations of the said first-mentioned Petition, a Member present informed the Committee, That a great Progress bath been made in repairing the said Roads; but that the same cannot be completely amended and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed, and still due, on the Credit of the Tolls, be paid off, unless the said Act be revived, and the Term and Powers thereof continued and enlarged.

In Support of the said second-mentioned Petition, a Member present said, That the said Act having expired at the End of the last Session, it is expedient that Provision should be made, in the proposed Bill for the Revival and Continuation thereof, for indemnifying the Trustees of the said Roads, and their Officers* for all Acts by them done since its Expiration.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Prisoners, who are now* confined for Debt in the Castle Gaol for the County of Gloucester, and also those in the Gaol for the City of Gloucester, in Behalf of themselves and others their Vol, 40.

A Petition of John Merry, Gentleman, and others, Locktcm whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners Inckwur*. of ancient Tenements and Lands, and otherwise interested in the Open Arable Fields, Cp.mmon Pastures,

3 G «nd

£0$ 150 Junii. A, 1784.

and Waste-Grounds, within (foe Township of in the Parish of Middlein the North Riding of the County of jFgrk, ,\yjis presented , to (the House, , and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, divers Open Arable Riolda. (Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, containing 2,090 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present State, yield very fittie Profit tto the several Persons interested therein, in Comparison of what file same might do if divided and inclosed, discharged from the future Payment of Tythes: And therefore praying, That (Leave nqay be given to bring in a Riil for effecting the Purposes ahoye-mentioned, subject to such , Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That (Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncomhe and Mr. Wdberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same-

Sandall, &c. A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Inclosure. Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of with

Balby, and Long SatidaU,in the Soke of , in

the West Riding of the County ,of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dm-conibe, Mr. Wilbei'jorce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sheffield A Bill for enlarging the Market Place, and regu-Market, 4c. lating the Markets, within the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Market Place; and for taking down ,the present Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation, yras read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill fie committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr- Wilbqj'oj-ce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of thp Clopk, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Phillips’ Pre- Mr. John Luttrell reported from the Committee, to servation of whom the Petition of Henry Phillips of Provisions, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

----- Wright,from the Admiralty Office, produces,

according to Order, Copies of several Certificates and Letters, shewing the Efficacy of certain Powders, invented by the Petitioner for destroying Weevils, Maggots, Spiders, and Cockroaches, and which Powder has been used on board Ships of War, by Order of the Admiralty Board, at the Recommendation of the Victualling Board.

Mr. John Watts, from the Victualling Office, presents the like Certificate and Letters from that Office.

And both Witnesses said, That no Letter or Account had been received at their Offices, stating that the Powder had ever failed doing what it was used for.

From the Perusal of the Letters and Certificates so produced to your Committee, it appeared to them, that the Powder invented and prepared by the said Mr. Phillips, the Petitioner, had been used for the Preservation of Grain, Biscuit, and dry Stores, on Board His Majesty’s Ships Union, Fox, Daedalus, Diligent, Brune, Ambuscade, Princess Caroline, Leocadia,

Britannia, Iphigenia, Ocean, Eurydice, Agamemnon, Alarm, Jason, Maiiboi'ough, and Diligente; and that it had fully answered the Ends proposed, of destroying the above-mentioned Insects, and preventing their Return,

whereby the Ships Provisions had been preserved from being wasted or spoiled during Voyages of considerable Length.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Rill for the better Relief and Employment of the Shrewsburj Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of *>oor-Shrewsbury, and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard HifU, Sir Charlton Leighton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afterpoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Maitland, according to Order, reported Bank of from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Scotlan(l- Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand and Thirty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Eighty-three effective Men, Commission and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Thirty-six thousand One hundred and Ninety Pounds Nine Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Eighty-three effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloath-ing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and for Riding-Masters, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-four thousand Two hundred and Thirteen Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and those in Garrison at Gibraltar, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Meu, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Pay-masters, and Surgeons, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Two Z hundred

4 Geo. III. 150 J $07

unci red Fifty-two Pounds Sevea Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, an Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalious of Foot, for Servian in JEast India, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand and Eighty Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Unsolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Three hundred Seventy-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Peace, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Hanoverian Battalions of Foot in Great Britain, for One hundred and Eighty-three Days, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixtynseven thousand Five hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to The Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, for the Amount of the Exchequer Fees, to he paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage, to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-three thousand and One Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence, and Five-eighth Parts of a Penny, he granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Inn and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Eight hundred and Thirty Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Seventeen thousand and Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence, being Savings arising on various Services for His Majesty's Forces, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, incurred and paid by His Majesty’s Paymaster General, from the First Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions and Forty-three thousand Nine hundred and Fifteen Pounds and Three Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, incurred and paid by His Majesty’s Paymaster General, from the First Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand

Vo l. 40.

Five hundred and Fifty-six Pounds Two Shillings and Supply. Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-eight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-eight thousand and Nineteen Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three,

.of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight.

Resolved, That it is Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-three thousand Three hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Sevea thousand Nine hundred and Nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the Tenth Day of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three^ of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Thirty-five thousand Eight hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings ana Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the Fifth Day of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Nine hundred and Forty-three Pounds Five Shillings and One Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the Tenth Day of October,

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by ap Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Eight hundred and Fourteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the

Service

QQ£le

Half Pay.

208

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

The Nine first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Tenth and Eleventh Resolutions of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be recommitted to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

1784.

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1784: And also,

Estimate of the further Charge of Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1784.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, including the Pensions to Twenty-eight Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1784: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay for several Officers, late in the Service of the States General, for the Year t784.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

15" Junii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1784.

Per Diem: For 366 Days:

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 366 Days, from 25th £. s. d. £ s. d.

December 1783 to 24th December 1784, inclusive - - - 210 10 — 77.043

For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced Horse - — 172 3^4 3 —

For the Annual Allowances to Seven private Gentlemen of the 3d and

4th Troops of Horse Guards, at £. 10 per Annum each - - - 70

For Eighteen private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards,

at 7 d.per Diem each ----- — 106 192 3 —

Total - - - £.77,619 6 —

War Office, 15th June 1784.

24 Geo. Ill

15° Ju

209

ESTIMATE of the further Charge of Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces,

' for the Year 1784.

Charge for 366 Days.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, December 1784, upon Account -

from 25th December 17 S3 to 24th

130,300-----

War Office,

15th June 1784. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, including the Pensions to Twenty-eight Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1784.

War Office,

15th June 1784- Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay for several Officers, late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1784.

Charge for 366 Days.

For Officers late in the Service of the States General, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784 ..... £.3,635 12 —

War Office,

15th June 1784. Geo.

Vox,. 40. 3 H Ordered,

r

Mldshnll

election.

Smuggling.

Dixon's Debt to the Crown.

Trent and

Mersey

Navigation

210

150 — i 6° Junii.

A. 1784.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the Hou$e One of the said Lists which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to which last mentioned List the Names of George Dempster and Philip Rashkigh, Esquires, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

John Kynaston, Esquire, James Lowther, Esquire, William Drake, Esquire, Sir John Wodehouse, Baronet, Richard Gamon, Esquire, Patrick Hume, Esquire, Sir Charles Kent, Baronet, Sir John Miller, Baronet, Sir Richard Hill, Baronet, Charles Brandlings Esquire, Perm Asheton Curzon, Esquire, George Vansittart, Esquire, George Jennings, Esquire, George Dempster, Esquire, Philip Rashkigh, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of Roger Wilbraham, Esquire, and also the Petition of Christopher Hawkins, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

' And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for healing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tp resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of Ilk Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, l6° die Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1784. Prayers.

SIR John Wrotlesley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trait to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeky, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeky, in the said County: And the same w'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, on Behalf of White Sheet himself and others, Creditors on a certain Part of the Bill Itoud. Turnpike Road leading from Shaftesbury to Salisbury, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, under an Act of Parliament, passed in the 2d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike " Road on the Top of White Sheet Hill, to a Place " called The Hare Warren, and from thence to the " Index Post standing near the Bland ford Turnpike " Road on the Side of Harnham Hill, and also, for " repairing and widening the Road from the said Index Post to a House called Master Baker s Farm " House, in the County of Wiltsthe said Turnpjke Road was made, and divers Sums of Money, to the Amount of £.1,400, have been borrowed for that Purpose, which still remain due, and particularly the Principal Sum of £.500, with about'£. 400 for Interest, is now due to the Petitioner Frauds Eyre; and that it is necessary that the said Act should be revived and continued for a further Term, in order to repay the Money borrowed, and to amend and keep in Repair the Roads therein mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for declaring that the said recited Act, and all the Clauses,

Tolls, Powers, Provisoes, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein contained, and also the Act to be passed for that Purpose, may be in full Force and Effect, and halve Continuance, from and after the passing such new Act, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of’ the then next Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads described in the said former Act, and for making such additional Term subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies uow due and owing on the Credit of the said former Act, and all Interest due, and to grow due, for the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Beauchamp, Mr.

Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet To-morrovr Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Mansell reported from the Committee, Llanegvrad to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Free- Roads, holders, and others, of the County of Carmarthen, and Principality of Wales, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ftas referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to l urn-pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fortoweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said‘Petition, Mr.

Thomas Lloyd being examined, said, That the Roads described in the Petition are narrow and ruinous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

That the repairing and turning the said Roads, and building a Bridge over the River Towy, will b6 of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said County, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Meeting-House, in the Parish of Llanegwad, to the Lime Kilns, in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from Dan-yr-AUt, in the said Parish 6 /of

2a Geo. III. i 6°Juniu 211

of Llanegwad, to Pont-y-Berem, in the Parish of Llxin-gtndeirne, in the County of Carmarthen: And that Sir William Mansell and Mr. Johnes do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bank of An ingrossed Bill to enable the Governor and Com-

Scotland. pany of Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Lord Maitland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Levefs A Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Laver to dispose of his

Museum. Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester Houseby Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for hi* Benefit, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 24th Day of this Iustant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Woodstock Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Order, Hoads. a Bin for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enslaw Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Christ- A Petition of several of the Vestrymen of the Parish

church Mid- of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, was pre-diescx Poor, p^ted to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented to the 1 louse, for a

Bill for providing a Workhouse within the said Parish, for the Purpose of maintaining and employing their Poor; and that it would be useful to the said Parish to have the appointing Overseers of the Poor altered from the present Method, ami some further Regulations made with respect to them, and to the Churchwardens of the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill prayed for by the said Petition for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and of several of the Overseers of the Poor, and Trustees, and Vestrymen, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for i the more effectual Support and Employment of the

Poor therein; and also, for putting in Execution one other Act of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, to amend the said first-mentioned Act, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Kirkby- The House was moved, That the Report, which Steven High wa8 Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the RoId11Cid Petition of several of the Acting Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Kirkby-Steven High Lam Head, in the " County of Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to Greetp Vo i«. 40.

" Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and " from Bracken-Bar-Gate, near Askrigg. in the County <c of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby-Kendal, and " also the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Marth»

" waite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause,

" leading from Appleby to Kirkby-Kendal, in the said " County of Westmorelandand also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head\ in the County of Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Btidge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from Bracken-Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, to Kir kby-Kendal, and also Jhe Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby to Kendal, in the said County of Westmoreland, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordwed, That Leave bo given to bring in h Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " Act " Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head, in the County of " Westmoreland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, iu " the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from Bracken*

" Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York,

" through Sedbergh, to Kir kby-Kendal, and also the " Road from the Four Lane Eads, in Marthwaite, to " the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg House, leading from " Appleby to Kir kby-Kendal, in the said County of " WestmorelandAnd that Mr. James Lowther, Sir Michael Le Fleming, and Mr. John Lout her, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Plymouth, several of the Inhabitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, be. Hoad, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, are informed, Application is made to the House, for a Bill to repair, fight, and water the Road from the Shambles, within tire said Borough, through Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge, in the said County; and that, if the Repair of the said Road was extended from the South End of the said Shambles, in the said Borough, through Whimple Street, by The Guildhall, Higher Broad Street,

Lower Broad Street, Britons Side, and White Cross Street, to Gaskings Gate, in the same Borough, and from the said Bridge to Crimble Passage, in the said County, and also from the Barrier Gate, next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County, to Mutton Cove, in the said Parish of Stoke Damarel, which is now in Decay, containing about One Mile Six Furlongs and One hundred and Eighty-seven Yards, it would be attended with great Convenience to the Petitioners, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made ift the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners of certain Lands and Hereditaments, distinguished by the Out Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Andrews, within the Borough of Plymouth, so the County of Devon, and of the principal Inhabitants of and within the Manor and Parish of Stonehouse, it* the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second insolvent Reading of the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors. Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases;

A Motion

CoogI<

Togby

Inclosure.

Lower

Brailes

Inclosure.

East India Affairs.

Southwark

Writ.

Exporting Hare Skins be.

313 16°

A Motion was made, and the QuestioA Wing proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the Preamble of ail Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicester) on Behalf of themselves, and all other Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested in the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to them respectively, according to their Interests therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in such Manner as to the House shall spem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pochin do prepaid, and bring in, the same.

Sir Robert Lazrtey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons or Waste I^ands, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Court of Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, Copies or Extracts of the latest Letters or Advices they have received from the Governor General and Council of Fort William, touching the Conclusion, or expected Conclusion, of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with Tippoo Sultaun, by Means of which Peace would be completely established over all India.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey\ in the room of Sir Barnard Turner, Knight, deceased.

Mr. Watson reported from the Committee, to whom , the Petition of the several Persons, resident in the Cities of London and Westminster, in the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, employed in the mak-irtg and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, Hare Wool,' Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and

Junii. A. 1784.

other Materials, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Collinson being examined, said, That the Hat Manufactory of this Kingdom is a very considerable Branch of Trade, in which several Thousand British Subjects are employed-i — That Hare Wool and Coney Wool, the Growth of this Country, are better in Quality than any other, whereby the English Hats have acquired such Reputation, that great Quantities of them are exported to Foreign Parts — That he has worked Hare Wool and Coney Wool imported from different Foreign Countries, and has found by Experience that the same is greatly inferior to that of Great Britain, and cannot be worked up so well, without a Mixture of the English — That of late Years very little of the said Articles have been imported, owing to their being detained for the Supply of Foreign Manufactures.

The Witness further said, That Turkey Goats Hair (or Wool) is a very material Ingredient in the Hat Manufactory — Then

Mr. John Renkin confirmed the above Evidence; and added, That the said Turkey Goats Hair pays a Duty of about Six Pence per Pound on Importation, rather more than Four Pence of which is drawn back by Foreigners when exported; and further said, That Hare Wool is exceedingly scarce.

This Evidence, respecting the above Duty, was corrobdrated by Mr. Philip Coxe, who said, He is of Opinion, that the taking off the Duty on Importation of this Article would be a great Encouragement to the Hat Manufactory, the said Duty being rather more than Ten per Cent. upon its Average Value at this Market.

Mr. William Waldeck being then examined, said, That, owing to the superior Excellence of British Hare and Coney Wool, considerable Quantities have lately been exported to France, Flanders, and America — -That the Orders for Exportation have been so great, that they could not be executed — That an Agent for a House in Flanders had given him Orders for Ten, Twenty, or more Thousands of Skins, and that he had sold him Two hundred Pounds Weight of Hare Wool, which was exported — That he had sold several Parcels to other Agents, which he had Reason to believe were for the Purpose of Exportation to Foreign Markets — That if he had had the Skins, he could have sold them for Nine Shillings per Dozen, which was an exorbitant1 Price, the medium Price being from Six to Seveiv Shillings per Dozen. — He further added, That the Demand for Exportation still continues to increase, he having lately sold considerable Quantities of unmanufactured Hare and Coney Wool for that Purpose, and has sent several Samples to Foreign Parts for Approbation, all of which passed through the Hands of Robertson, the Broker.

Mr. Collinson being further examined, said, That if the present Exportation of Hare and Coney Wool is not prevented, he thinks there will not be a sufficient Quantity left in the Kingdom to supply the Demand of the Manufactory; and he is of Opinion, that if the Exportation is prohibited, the Manufactory of this Country will consume the whole Quantity grown.

And being asked as to the Prices of Hare and Coney Wool, he said, That Coney WTool, which was last Year at Twelve Shillings per Pound, now sells for Fifteen Shillings; and that Hare Wool has advanced in the same Proportion, which he imputed to Two

Causes,


a a Geo. III. i 6213

Caused, the Exportation of the said Articles, and the increased Demand for Hats to America.

Mr. Thomas fV&ntner, a Feltmaker, being examined, said, That he had some Time since discharged Eight Men out of Twenty-four, for Want of Materials to employ them; and that he had now at work Twenty Men in the Hat Manufactory; and could he procure a Sufficiency of Hare and Coney Wool, he could employ Twenty more.

Mr. Miller Christy, Hat Manufacturer, corroborated the last mentioned Evidence, respecting the great Scarcity of Materials; and added, That he had Demands for more Hats than he could supply. — And

Mr. Josiah Baughan, Hat Manufacturer, added, That he has sold for Exportation, to Boston in New England, great Quantities of Hare and Coney Wool, and has now an Order to execute for the same Place, the Americans not being able to manufacture Hats without these Materials.

Mr. Richard Warrcner, a Leather Dresser, being also examined, said, That Foreigners employed in dressing Hare and Coney Skins, evade the Duties imposed by Law, by working in unentered Places, and consequently are not visited by the Exciseman — That if the Witness was to dress the said Skins, he would be obliged to pay a Duty of Thirty per Cent. ad Valorem. — Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Thomas Bands, an Excise Officer.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to J>e made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Monday Morning " next," in order to insert the Words u this Day Three

Months" instead thereof.

And the said Motion and proposed Amendment w ere, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 5th Day of July next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report t

York A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Buildings^ thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and of all others the Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames W’ater in York Buildings, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth, That by an Act made in the Second and Third years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for incorporating the Proprietors " of the Water Works in York Buildings, and for encouraging their carrying on and settling the said " Water Works," the said Governor and Company were incorporated and enabled to purchase, enjoy, and alien Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to them and their Successors, and give, grant, demise, alien, and dispose of their Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, and do and execute all other Things, by their Name of Incorporation, that to them should appertain, and to use a Common Seal, to serve for all their Business; and, the said Act appointed a Governor, and Six of the said Company, to be called Assistants, to have the Direction of all the Affairs of the said Company; and that, at a General Court of the said Company, held the 27th of October' 1719, several Orders and Bye Law's were made, for better regulating their Affairs, and improving their Undertakings, and for purchasing forfeited Estates in Great Britain; and it was, among other Things, ordered, that the Company would open a Subscription, at Mercers flail, London, for raising a Stock of £. 1,200,000, for purchasing forfeited and other Estates in Great Britain, to be a Fund for granting Annuities for Lives, and for assuring Lives, V o l. 40.

for the Benefit of all the Subscribers to the said York Joint Stock, which was immediately put in Execution, Sjjlldl^g^ and several Persons subscribed to the Amount of £.1,200,000, and paid in £.10 per Centum of the Sub subscribed, and the said Resolution for raising the said Joint Stock of £. 1,200,000 w^s ordered to be carried into Execution, by purchasing Estates, forfeited and otherwise, in Great Britain; and that the said Governor and Company, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for vesting " the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in " Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Public," purchased of the Commissioners and Trustees, appointed by the said Act, several forfeited Estates in Scotland, and also divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Northumberland, of the Yearly Value of £. 2,684, which became forfeited to the Crown by the Attainder of Lord Widdrington, and for all whhh the Governor and Company agreed to pay £.308,093.

14 s. 7 d.; and that, by another Act, made in the 6th Year of King George the First, the said Governor and Company were impowered to sell or incumber the said Estates so purchased, or to be purchased, with any Debts or Incumbrances in Law or Equity, as any others might do, who had Estates in Fee Simple, and also had Pow»er given to them to grant Rent Charges, to the Yearly Value of such, Estates, and no further; and to enable the Company to pay, for the Use of the Public, the Price or Consideration for the Purchase of the said Estates, they were impowered to raise such Sum as should be necessary for that Purpose, by calling in, or directing the same to be paid by their respective Members, according to their respective Interests in the Stock of the sai‘d Governor and Company; and that, by a Clause in an Act of the 7th of George the First, it was enacted, that, for the better enabling the Company to raise and pay to Government the Price or Consideration for the Purchase of the said Estates, the said Company might grant and sell Rent Charges and Annuities to the lull Extent of such Estates, so purchased by Way of Lottery, and that any Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in that Method might purchase such Annuities of the said Governor and Company; and that, pursuant to the said several Acts, the said Governor and Company granted several Annuities for Lives of the respective Annuitants in the several Grants named, or their Nominees, to the Amount of £. 12,000 per Annum, and, for securing the Payment thereof, issued Bonds to the Annuitants, with a Clause of Entry and Distress on the said Company’s Lands, on Failure of Payment of the said Annuities; and that, by an Indenture, bearing Date the 26th Day of August 1725, between the Governor and Company of the one Part, and divers Persons therein named, on Behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of Annuities or Rent Charges, payable by the said Company, who should become Parties to the said Indenture, the said Governor and Company covenanted with the Proprietors that they would, within Twelve Months, procure from the Commissioners and Trustees of the forfeited Estates one or more Conveyances of all the Honors, Manors, and Lands in Scotland, and that, immediately alter, they would execute such Conveyances to such Persons as should be appointed by the said Proprietors, or a Majority of them, of all their Manors and Lands in Scotland, to he limited to such Trustees, and the Heirs of the Survivor, in Trust, and for the Use of the Company, until Default be made in the Payment of any Annuity or Rent Charge belonging to the said Parties, or who should thenafter become Parties, and whose Annuity or Rent Charge, had been granted by the said Company, and after any Default in Payment of the said Annuities, then to the Use of such Persons who wejre, or should be, entitled to such Annuities, till the 3 I same,

te

4*4 I 6° yun . 1784.

j

York same, and all the Arrears, with Costs, should be fully Survivor, of the Heirs of such Survivor, should, out satisfied, and after such Payment made, then of the Rents of the said Premises, or by Sale or Mort-to the Use of the said Company and their Assigns, for gage thereof, or of any Part thereof, or otherwise, raise ever,4 and that, by a Deed dated the 13th of October such Sums as should, in the first Place, be sufficient 1727, the Company did convey, to certain Persons to pay, Half Yearly, the Interest of all and every the therein named, Trustees for the said Annuitants, their Bonds to be given, under the Seal of the Company, several Manors and Estates in Scotland\ and all the to the several Subscribers to the Proposals annexed to Company’s Rights thereto, provided that the said An- the said Indenture, till the Principal Money due on nuitmits or Trustees should not enter into Possession such Bonds should become due and payable, and, in thereof, or sue for the same, unless on Default of Pay- Default of Payment of the said Principal when due tnent of the said Annuities; and that, the Governor and payable, by the Company, that then the said and Company neglecting to pay the said Annuities, Trustees and their Heirs might, by Sale of the said tire Trustees for the Annuitants in 1732 entered into Estates, or any Part thereof, or of the Reversion Possession of all the Manors and Estates in Scotland, thereof, subject to the Demands of the said Annui* which in the Year 1734, amounted to the Net Annual tanks, raise Money, and pay off the said Principal and Rentof £.9,767. 15$. 3$ and it appears that the An- Interest due on the said Bonds, till paid, and after nuities, on the 2d of December 1734, amounted to the Payment of the said Principal and Interest, and all Yearly Sum of £.9,168. 5$* 9d.; so that, at the Time Costs, Damage, and Expences whatsoever, which the? of the Trustees first entering into Possession of the said said Trustees, or the said Subscribers, or any of them, Estates, the Rents were more than sufficient to pay the might necessarily be put to on Account of the said Trust, Annuitants by the Sum of £.599. 10$. 3id.; and that, then as to all such Parts of the said Honors, Manors, at a General Court of the said Company, held the 21st Lands, and Premises as should remain unsold, in of September 1724, it was resolved, that each Pro- Trust for the said Company and their Successors for prietor of Stock should transfer Half his Stock to ever; and that, at a General Court of the said Com-the Company, in lieu whereof they agreed to give the pany, held the 10th of March 1731, it was agreed, Proprietors Bonds payable Seven Years after Date, at that all the Arrears of Interest due on such old Bonds,

£.4 per Centum, valuing the Stock at £.13 per Cen- or Slips, should be added to the Principal due on such turn, exclusive of the Two Dividends then lately paid Bonds, and that new Bonds should issue for the whole thereon; and, at another Court, held the 21st of Octo- Principal and Interest; and it was then declared, that ber 1724, confirming the same, the Proprietors trans- £.70,000 had been already subscribed, and that the ferred Half of their Stock to Two of the Company’s Interest of the said Bonds then amounted to £.14,000, Servants, in Trust for the said Governor and Company, which would reduce the Surplus wanted to complete and thereupon the said Governor and Company issued the said Subscription to £.16,000, which might be out Bonds or Bills, Penal or Receipt Warrants, or left for such Projirietors of Bonds as should exchange Slips entitling to such Bonds, amounting to £.71,206. their old Bonds for new Bonds, on the Foot of the 1$. 6d. to the several Persons who transferred their said Subscription; and at a General Court, held Stock in Payment for the Half Stock transferred to the the 24th of March 1731, it was resolved, that the said Company, which said Bonds were made payable to Subscription should then be closed, but that the Pro-One of the Company’s Servants, his Executors, Ad- prietors of Bonds and Slips should, notwithstanding, ministrators, or Assigns, and made assignable by In- be at Liberty to exchange them for new Bonds on the dorsement thereon; and the said Bonds, Warrants, or Foot of the said Subscription, and on the same Terms Slips, thereby became and were negotiable in Exchange and Conditions; and, it was also resolved, that the Alley, in like Manner as South Sea and East India Governor and Court of Assistants should make new Bonds now are; and that the several Creditors who Bonds for what should be unsubscribed, and should were possessed of the said Bonds, so issued in 1724, exchange them for such old Bonds or Slips as were being, in 1731, very pressing and desirous to be paid unsubscribed when offered, and should raise Money on the Interest then due on such Bonds, which was in the Remainder in the best Manner they could, not Arrear for several Years, and the Principal on such exceeding in all £.100,000, according to the Power Bonds being nearly due and payable, the Company, in given by the said Deed of Trust; and that, in pursuance October 1731, agreed to open a Subscription for raising of the said last mentioned Resolutions, several of the £.100,000, for discharging the Company’s Bonds, Proprietors of the said old Bonds and Slips did ex-the Principal and Interest whereof then amounted to change and deliver up the same to the said Company,

£. 80,000; and that, accordingly, by Indentures of and accepted of new Bonds for the same in lieu Lease and Release, dated the 17th and 18th of January thereof dated the 25th of March 1732, whereby the 1731, and made between the Governor and Company, Company obliged themselves, and their Successors, of the one Part, and Sir William Billers, John Lcrwton, to pay to Robert Read, One of the said Company’s and Nicholas Paxton, Esquires, of the other Part, they, Servants, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, "by the said Governor and Company, did bargain, sell, Indorsement thereon, the Principal Sum of such new release, and confirm to the said Sir William Billei's and Bonds, on the 25th of March 173.5, and in the mean the other Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, the several Time to pay him or them Interest for the same, at £.5 Honors, Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments lying in per Centum, Half Yearly, the First Payment to be made Scotland, therein set forth, which were purchased of the on the 29th of September next after the Date of the Commissioners and Trustees of the forfeited Estates by said Bonds, for Payment whereof the said Company the Company, and also all the several Manors, Lands, bound themselves, and their Successors, in a double

and Hereditaments lying in Northumboiand, late the Penal Sum; and, as a further Security, the said Go-

Estate of the late Lord JViddrington, also purchased by vernor and Company, upon the 25th Day of March the said Company, and all other the Estates of the 1732> executed a Deed and Disposition of their Es-

said Company in Great Britain, purchased of the said tates in Scotland, to the said Sir William Billets, John

Commissioners and Trustees, subject nevertheless, as Lawton, and Nicholas Paxton, in Trust for securing to the said Estates in Scotland, at all Times, to the £.100>000* upon which Trust Deed Seizin or En-Payment of the Annuities granted by the said Com- feoffment was taken, as the Forms of the Law of pany, and wherewith the said Company’s Estates in Scotland direct, and several other Persons subscribed Scotland were then chargeable, to hold the said Ho- several Sums to and for the Use of the said Company, nors, Manors, Lands, and Premises, as well in Eng- pursuant to the Terms of the said Deed of Trust and land as Scotland, subject, as aforesaid, to the said Sir Subscription, and had the like Bonds delivered to them as William Billers and the other Trustees, their Heirs a Security for the Sums by them subscribed and lent, and Assigns, for ever, upon Trust that they, or the by which Means Bonds, to the Amount of £.100,000,

issued

GoO^lC

34 Geo. III. .16°

issued out under Seal of the said Company, which, Bonds afterwards became negotiable; and that, subsequent to the said 25th Day of March 1732, divers Calls were made on Proprietors of Stock belonging to the Company, and, in lieu of the Sums paid in consequence of such Calls, the Company issued Bonds to, the several Persons who answered such Calls to a very considerable Amount; and other Bonds were issued by the Company in consequence of Sums, advanced by the Company, and for other Considerations, all which Bonds thereby became Debts of the Com*, pany, and affecting their Estates and Properties; and that no Part of the Principal Money, or Interest due 011 the Bonds so issued by the Company as aforesaid, having been paid, divers Persons, Creditors of the said Company, on Behalf of themselves and all others the Creditors of the said Company, exhibited a Bill in the High Court of Chancery against the said Governor and Company, the Trustees for the said Annuitants, the Trustees for the Creditors under the Deed of Trust of the 18th Day of January 1731, for Payment of their Principal Monies and Interest due from the said Company; and, the Defendants, having severally put in their Answers to the said Bill, the said Cause came on to be heard before the Lord Chancellor Hardwicke on the 24th of October 1740, when his Lordship pronounced his Decree, and gave several Directions for taking an Account of the Debts under the Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731; and it was ordered, that the Master should take an Account of what was due to the several Judgment Creditors of the Company, and that all the other Creditors ' of the said Company should be at Liberty to come before the Master, and prove their respective Debts; and the Consideration of all further Directions w as reserved until after the said Master should have made his Report, and the said Cause was no further proceeded in than taking an Account of the Debts claimed before the Master, under the Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731; and that, under and by virtue of the said Decree, and an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for a Sale of Part of the Estates of the Company, the Creditors under the Deed of Trust of the 1 Sth of January 1731, received a very considerable Part of their Debts; and that, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, after taking Notice of the Situation of the Affairs of the said Company, and that the Governor and Company, who had undertaken the Management of the Affairs of the Company, had abused the Trust reposed in them, and had long since become Insolvent, and the Law of Scotland requiring, that, in all Actions of Sale of Bankrupt Estates, the ranking of the Creditors must proceed and first be concluded by Decree, at least to the Avail of the Price of Lands fixed and stated by the Judges of the Court of Session, before the Lands can be exposed to Sale, such Sale could hot be obtained by the ordinary Process in a long Course of Years, and, that the expediting the Sale of the Company’s Estates would be the Means of the preferable Creditors on the said Estates, in a little Time, receiving their just Demands, and would he of great Benefit to the subsequent Creditors of the said Company, it w>as enacted, that it should be lawful for the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, and they were thereby directed and impowered, without waiting the Conclusion of the ranking of all or any of the said Governor and Company’s Creditors, to proceed at the Suit, or upon the Application of any Person or Persons having Interest to the Sale of the Estates of the Company lying in Scotland', by public Auction, to the highest Bidder, or Bidders, and that either in separate Baronies, or in smaller Lots, as to them should appear most for the Interest of the Governor and Company, and their Creditors, and for that Purpose the said Judges wqre thereby impowered and directed Vox.. 40.

Junti.

to proceed to the Consideration of the Proof then tqken, York and to take what further Proofs to them should appear1 Buitying^ necessary of the Rent or Value of the said twdp and $

Estates, and of the Deductions from the said Kenjtj 8 and thereupon to ascertain and determine the free Rental of the said Lands and Estates, and ty thq different Lots in which the same ought to he exposed to Sale, and also the Value pr Number of Yearq Pvufo chase at which the said Lands might and qugfrt to bq exposed to public Auction, or Sale; and, it vyfll fgfS ther enacted, that, in pursuance of such Sale, of §qlq*t or upon the Purchaser or Purchasers finding Security as is therein before directed, the Judges of Use Coprt of Session should pronounce and give put their Decrqq or Decrees of Sale, in favour of such Purchaser* Q? Purchasers, in the same Form and Manner, and to thq same Effect, as such Decrees are given by the wd Court in the Sale of other Bankrupt Estates, and tbqf the said Purchasers should have good and undoubted Title to the Lands and Estates purchased by them* respectively; free of all Defects of Title, IqcUJJir brances, and Debts of any Soil, excepting always fcuqfr of the Debts of the Company as might be allocated qq the said respective Purchasers for exhausting the Pripf offered by them, which should remain a Debt upon the said Purchasers, on whom the same shQqid bq ait located, and a Charge upon the Lands sq pprqhqsqd by them, respectively, until the same should bp fially paid up and discharged; and, it was further enacted* that, in case the ranking of the Creditors should nof be settled and ascertained by Decree of the Court of Session before the Time of Payment of the Purchase Money of the Lands and Estates so to b§ sold as aforesaid, the Purchaser, or Purchasers, should con|jr nue to hold the Purchase Money under the Security first taken for the same, at such Jtate of Interest, mi being more than One Pound and an Half per Contuni per Annum under the legal Interest, as the Judges should determine, until they should issue their War?* rants upon the Purchaser, or Purchasers, for Payment to the Creditors, according as they should he ranked and preferred by the said Judges, or for consigning the said Purchase Money in the Royal Bank in Scotland, or in the Bank of Scotland, for the Use and Be* hoof of, and to be forth-coming to, the Creditors as aforesaid, or for re-employing the Purchase Money in such other Manner as should appear to the Judges to be most beneficial for the Interest of the said Governor and Company, and their Creditors; and, after taking Notice in the said Act, that it would be prejur diciai to such Creditors as by their Rights or Dili-gencies were entitled to early Payment out of the Estates of the said Company, to wait the Conclusion of the ranking of the other Creditors before they could draw their Money, it was enacted, that Jhe Judges of the Court of Session should, and they were thereby directed, without waking the Classing or Ranking of the other Creditors, to issue their Acts and Warrants upon the Purchaser, or Purchasers, for Payr ment to such Creditors as had been, or should he found preferable on the Estate of the Company, of such Sums of Money as should be found due to such Creditors; and, it was further enacted, that a)l and every Sum and Sums which should appear to the Judges of the Court of Session to be due to the <Grer ditars under the said Deed of Trust of the 18th of January 1731, should be paid by the Purchaser, or Purchasers, to the Persons n^med in the said Act as Trustees for them, to he by them paid and applied to and amongst -the Creditors entitled to the Benefit of the said Deeds, according to their reapertiyfi Interests; and that, under the Powers and Authorities given by the said last mentioned Act, all the Estates belonging to the York Buildings Company in Scotland (except certain Superiorities and few. Duties of the Town and Village of Stonehaven, of the Yearly Value of £. 1. 16 s. or thereabouts) bqen soldi

Vork

Buildings

Company1!

Estates.

<}i6

16° Ju

A. 1784.

and ttie trustees for the Creditors under the Deed of Trust of the 18 th Day of January 1731 > have been* 1 paid the whole Principal Money and Interest due to them; and that there is now remaining in the Hands of the Purchasers of the said Estates the Sum of £271,660. 8tf. 10 d. and which is exclusive of all Interest due from such Purchasers in respect thereof, and also exclusive of large Balances in the Hands of the Trustees for the Annuitants and the Agents of the said Cothpany, all which Sutn§ are in the first Place applicable to the Payment’ and Discharge of the unsatisfied Debts of the said Company, and are much more than sufficient for that Purpose; and that the-subsisting Annuities, chargeable on the said Company’s Estates, do not exceed the Yearly Sum of £. 800, and the Sum of Money in the Hands of the Trustees for the Annuitants, or their Agents, is greatly more than sufficient to answer the same; and that a Bill of Revivor and Supplement hath been lately filed in the High Court of Chancery by George :Holland, Edward Beaver, and others, on Behalf of themselves and all others the Creditors of the York Buildings Company, against the proper Parties, in order to have the Decree made and pronounced in the said Cause on the 24th Day of October 1740, and the several Proceedings in the said Cause, revived and carried into Execution, and in particular to have an Account taken of what is due to the several Creditors of the said Company for Principal Money and Interest bn their respective Debts; and that the said Company is an English Company, and the Debts of the said Company were contracted in the English Form, and the Legality and Extent of them must depend on the Laws of England, and all the Creditors of the said Company (except John Earl of Hopetown, Representative of William Earl of Panmure, Sir James Grant, Baronet, John Fordyce, and Douglas, Heron, and Co. whose usual Abode is in Scotland) reside in England, and are, for their general Advantage and Convenience, desirous that an Account of what is due to them for Principal Money and Interest on their respective Bonds and Securities, should be taken by or under the Direction and Authority of the Court of Chancery, in order that the same may be thereupon satisfied and discharged by or under the Authority of the Judges of the said Court of Session in Scotland by and out of the Purchase Money of the said Company’s Estates still remaining in the Hahds of the Purchasers, and the Interest thereof, and the Balances in the Hands of the several Debtors or Accountants to the Estates or Creditors of the said Company, and that the Residue or Surplus of such Purchase Money, Interest, and Balances, may be remitted and paid into the Bank of England in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be there placed to the Account and Credit of the said Cause, in Order that the same may be applied and distributed under the Order and Direction of the same Court among the Stockholders of the same Company, or such other Persons as shall be found entitled thereto; and that the Petitioners, or the Persons under whom they claim, have not received any Interest for their several Securities, or any Part of the Principal Money due thereon, for Fifty Years and upwards, which has been occasioned by the gross Mismanagement and Fraud of the Persons who have had the Management of the Affairs of the said Company, and the Persons who of late Years have assumed to themselves the Character of Governor and Assistants of the York Buildings Company, and the Persons who now take on themselves that Character have withheld all manner of Information from the Creditors and Stockholders of the Company concerning the State of the said Company’s Affairs, by which Means many Persons, despairing of ever receiving Payment jof their Debts, have been induced to sell their Property for a very small and very inadequate Consideration, although it appears

that there is sL Fund rtiore than sufficient t6 answer alli the just Debts against the Company; and the Knowledge which the Petitioners, and other Persons interested in the Affairs of the Company, now have of the Fund applicable to the Payment of the Debts of the Company, has not arisen from any Information of the Persons so assuming to themselves the Character of Governor and Assistants of the said Company: And, that as the Purchasers of the said Estates chiefly live and reside in Scotland, out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery in England, and as the said Act of Parliament of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is ineffectual for obtaining a speedy Relief to the Petitioners by a Payment of their just Debts, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, and j

subject to such Provisions for the Benefit of the Creditors of the said Company, as to the House shall seem meet, or that the House will give to the Petitioners such other Relief as shall appear just and equitable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland, be-u longing to the York Buildings Company, for the Relief " of their Creditors," in order to have the unsatisfied Purchase Money of the several Estates distributed among the several Creditors, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, subject to certain Restrictions: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Attorney General, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Representa-posed, That a Committee be appointed to take into tion 1,1 ,>ar-Consideration the present State of the Representation llameuL of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Alderman Saw-1

bridge, J* 125.

Mr. Robert Smith: J

Tellers for the Noes, { JJ[.’ ^Edm! } *99-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of Peter George Monteiro, the Younger, Mon taro's was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Nat*

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Ludlow and Mr. Robert Smith do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Dixon’s Debt resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon to tho the Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Ciwn* Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

24 Geo. III. ij

Jovis, 17° die Jltnii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

Pownton r I'H E Hour appointed for taking into Considera-

Llectwo. JL tion the Petition of the honourable Henry Seymour Conway, and Robert Shafto, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the honourable Edward Bouverie, and William Scott, Doctor of Laws; and also, the Petition of James Hill, and George Quinton, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wits, complaining of an Undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were by the Clerk taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Seven Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable WUiam Eden being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by‘the Counsel for Mr. Shafto and Mr. Conway; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twenty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Advocate of Scotland being drawn, he was nominated to ser$e on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for Mr. Scott and Mr. Bouverie; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Seventeen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Two on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Twelve 011 Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Seven on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Two on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament served on Select Committees.

- And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being ' Vol. 40.

Junii. a 17

complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Sir Wiliam Mansell presented to the House, accord- Llanegwad ing to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and Roads, keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Meeting House in the Parish of Llanegwad, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from Dan-yr-Allt in the said Parish of Llanegwad, to Pont-y-Berem in the Parish of Llangendeime, in the County of Carmarthen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract Phillips’s of a Letter from Captain Wilson, Commander of His Provision Majesty’s Ship Racehorse, to the Commissioners of the Preservation* Victualling Board, dated the 15th of this Instant June, respecting the Experiments wdiich he has made on Phillips's Powder.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Plymouth the Petition of the Owners of certain Lands and He- &c. Roads, reditaments, distinguished by the Out Grounds, in the Parish of Saint Andrews, within the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and of the principal Inhabitants of and within the Manor and Parish of Stonehouse, in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth Dock, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish; and also, the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty and several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the first-mentioned Petition; but that the said Orders, so far as relates to the Notices required to be given at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, and in the Newspapers in the Months of August or September, had not been complied with in respect to the second-mentioned Petition, as the Parties did not know of the Application for repairing the Road in the first-mentioned Petition, until it was too late to give the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the first and, second-mentioned Petitions, no Party having appeared in Support of the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Christopher Harris being examined, said,

That from the great Increase of Buildings in the Towns of Plymouth, Stonehouse, and Plymouth Dockf and on Account of a commodious Stone Bridge having been erected over the Creek of Stonehouse, by Means of which a safe, convenient, and short Communication was effected between the Borough of Plymouth and Plymouth Dock, the High Road leading from the Shambles through Frankfort Gate, within the said Borough, to the said Bridge, having been so much more used than formerly, is become so much out of Repair, as to render the Expence of keeping the same in proper Repair a great Burthen to the Petitioners, and others, who are in certain Proportions con tributary by Law for the necessary Repair thereof —

That the Sum of £. 333. 4$. 6 d. was last Year expended 3 K in

Christ

Church

Middlesex

Poor.

218 170 Jumi. 1784.

in repairing the same — That the Parish Rates collected for that Purpose; viz. yd. in the Pound, and 6d. Composition, amounted only to £.124. 6 s. and therefore a Debt of £.208. )8s. 6d. now remains due from the Parish, besides the Expence of Indictments, amounting to Thirty Guineas — That the above Rates are as high as the Law allows, and that the Road is much better now than it was before this Money was expended; but the Witness supposes Part of it must be taken up again for the Purpose of making tnore Drains.

And the Witness further said, That the Laws in being are inadequate for the Purpose of altering, making, and maintaining the said Road, and of lighting, watching, watering, and cleansing the same; and also for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the said Road; all which are necessary for the Accommodation of the Public.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Harris informed your Committee, That the Road leading from the Western End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse in the Parish of Stoke J>amarel, befog in Length about Five hundred Yards, is ruinous, and is not properly lighted, watched, or watered; and that if Power was granted for those Purposes, it would be of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring jo a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth through Frankfort Gate to Stonphouse Bridge; and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said Coupty, for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same: And that Mr. Rolle and Mr. Bastw'd do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Herbert ftfackporth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and of several of Jthe Oyerspers of the Poor, and Trustees, and Vestrymen, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgp thp Second, more effectually to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to purchase, hire, or erect a Workhouse for the employing and maintaining the Poor of the said Parish, and for the more effectual Support and Employment of the Poor therein; and also, for puttting in Execution one other Act of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, to amend the said first-mentioned Act; and also, the Petition of several of the Vestrymen of the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read; and it appeared by the said first-mentioned Act, that Power was given to the Trustees therein nominated, to purchase or build a House, and to provide the same with Furniture for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish. And

Mr. Francis Child being examined, said, That at the Time of passing the said Act, there was no House or Building fit for the Purpose within the said Parish, and therefore the Trustees and Vestrymen hired a Workhouse at Mile End New T(rm> in the Parish of Stepney, which they have been obliged, from the great Increase of the Number of Poor, to make considerable additional Buildings thereto, and in so doing,

have incurred a very heavy Expence upon the said Parish.

Mr. John Scott confirmed the above Evidence, and added, That notwithstanding the several additional Buildings above mentioned, the said Workhouse is too small, and the Lodging Rooms very inconvenient, the People being obliged to sleep Four or Five in a Bed — That the Rent, Taxes, and common Repairs of the said Workhouse, amount to full £.120 per Annum. Then

Mr. John Stevens, the Master of the said Workhouse, being examined, confirmed the last mentioned Evidence, and said, That the Poor are dajly increasing, insomuch, that since lie has been Master, there has been an Increase of above One hundred in a Year; and that more than One hundred and Fifty have been Relieved out, there not having been sufficient Room in the House.

Mr. Richard Wooding, Surveyor, being next examined, produced a Plan and Estimate for building a new Workhouse, which is calculated to accommodate Five hundred Persons upon the most frugal Plan, the Amount of the Estimate being between £3,500 and £-4,000.

Mr. Scott being further examined, said, That by the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the present Reign, the usual Mode of making the Rates for the Relief\)f the Poor of the said Parish, was altered to a Pound Rate in different Classes, according to the Yearly Renjt or Value of the Houses, which has been found very inconvenient, and productive of much Collusion between Landlords and Tenants, whereby the Rates have repeatedly proved deficient to defray the necessary Charges of maintaining the said Poor, and a considerable Debt hath been unavoidably contracted thereby, which cannot be discharged, unless Power be given to alter the present Method of assessing the Monies, and for raising a further Sum of Money to discharge the said Debt.

Mr. John Phillips added, That the Poor’s Rate, at the Commencement of the last mentioned Act, produced about £.3*000 a Year, from which Time it has been gradually decreasing; and that although in the Year 1782 an additional {Sixth was laid on, which was estimated to raise £. 600 a Year, the Rates have nevertheless so much decreased as to produce now not more than the original Sum of £.3,000.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Phillips further said, That the present Method of chusing Overseers is very inconvenient, and it would be more useful and advantageous to the Parish, if Power was given to elect Two in each Half Year.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Workhouse within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and for raising Money for that Purpose, and to discharge Debts already contracted on Account of the Poor, and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor and Treasurer of the same Parish: And that Sir Herbert Mackworth and Mr. Mainwaring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

Dixon’s Debt to the Crown.

24 Geo. III. 17s — j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses, and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Downtou The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Election. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House one of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new JJst of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Right honourable William Eden, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Francis John Browne, Esquire, John Galley Knight, Esquire, George White Thomas, Esquire, John Call, Esquire, Filmer Honywood, Esquire, the Lord Apsley, Edward Miller Mundy, Esquire, Richard Slater Milnes, Esquire, John Parry, Esquire, Henry Addington, Esquire, Brook Watson, Esquire, the honourable Edward James ' Eliot, Sir William JLemon, Baronet, the Right honourable William Eden, the Lord Advocate of Scotland.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of the honourable Henry Seymour Conway, and Robert Shqfto, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the honourable Edward Bouverie, and William Scott, Doctor of Laws; and also, the Petition of James Hill, and George Quinton, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 18* die Junii;

Anno 24° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

Royal Assent A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of w a Bill xjL the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De^ sire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to a public Bill therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales,

Vo x. 40.

%° Junii. 219

the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Osborne, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill: Which Bill is as followeth; viz.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required " from Ships belonging to the United States of " America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said " United States."

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Sheffield Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act of the Plated Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Manutacture* intituled, "An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay " Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of " Sheffield and Birmingham" so far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according Wadsty to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a large Inclosure‘ Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Loxley Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne Iticlosures within the said Manor of Wadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Ecclesfield Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons Iadoswe. and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Ecclesfield, and the several Soakes or Districts of Southey and Grermqfirth, within the Parish of Ecclesield, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Popham, from the Select Committee, who were Ipswich appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Election. Petition of Charles Alexander Crickitt, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Cator, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Charles Alexander Crickitt, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Ipsuich:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the last Election for Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ipswich, is void, as to John Cator, Esquire, one of the Burgesses returned to serve for the said Borough.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new' Writ for the

220 18° Junii.

the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-, One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, mentior the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, were agreed to by the House.

in the room of John Cator, Esquire, whose Election for Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

the said Borough has been determined to be void. ingrossed.

Alfonl, &c* Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Koad. whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from " thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. \

Tavistock A Bill to amend and render more effectual Tw o Acts, Roads. made in Secoqd and Twelfth Year's of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherry brook, and to Duma Bridge Pound, and from the CaUington Turnpike Road to Mor-zvelham and New Quay, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bastard, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers \ Chamber.

Elrington Sir Matthew TVIiite Ridley reported from the Com-Incldsure. mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and allotting Part of the Town Fields, and the Whole of the Town Green, of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee h^d gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dixon’s Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported

Debt to the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Crown. the Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

A Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Cus- Com im-torns in England and Scotland to cancel Bonds, given ported into for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn im- Scotlantl-ported into Great Britain on certain Conditions therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, the 28th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Adam reported from the Committee, to whom Brereton'g the Petition of Captain William Brereton, late Lieute- Expenses nant Governor of the City of Cavite, and Commander at Cavilv* of His Majesty’s Ships stationed at The Philippine Istands, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Commisyon, under the Hand and Seal of Rear Admiral Cornish, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in the East Indies, dated the 14th of November 1762, directed to Captain William Brereton, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Falmouth, appointing him Lieutenant Governor of the Castle, Town, and District of Cavite; and also, an Order, dated 1st March 1763, together with Instructions from Rear Admiral Cornish to Captain Brereton, whom he left Commander in Chief in the Naval Department, as senior Officer, were read; and it appeared to your Committee, That, by virtue of the said Commission, and in pursuance of the said Order and Instructions, he took upon himself the Government of the said Castle, Town, and District, on the 14th November 1762; and that he continued to exercise the Office of Lieutenant Governor, until the 1st of April 1764, the Day on which the Conquest of The Philippine Islands was delivered over by him to the Agents of the King of Spain2 in Obedience to an Order, under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, directed to the Commander in Chief of Isis Ships at the said Islands; and that during that Period he was at very considerable Expence, amounting to upwards of £. 1,400.

And Captain Philip Bromfield, an Elder Brother of the Trinity House, and late a Commander of a Ship in the East India Company’s Service, informed your Committee, That he was at Manilla at the Time when Captain Brereton commanded there; and that, on Account of the Hostilities w'hich continued to rage in the Country after the Capture, he was put to considerable Difficulty and Expence in procuring Provisions for the Supply of the Garrisons and Fleet — That he kept a regular public Table, for all Persons of Rank in the Country, as well as the King’s and Company’s Officers, which, among other Measures taken by Captain,

Brereton, was necessary to conciliate the Minds of the Inhabitants; and that the Expence of a Table in that Country amounted to more than double the Sum it would cost in England. — And the Witness further said.

That Captain Brereton, from his Situation, and in Order to support his public Character, was put to the additional Expence of £.600, in keeping a Carriage and riecessary Attendants.

The Order before mentioned, under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual, for evacuating the Conquest, and

also,

h

101),

be

Con r.. 'en porji. n-in

e

Brerfki.

Exper*.

atCiu

44 Geo. III. 18° Junii.

341

also, the Order from Rear Admiral Cornish, dated 21st of August 1763, to concert Measures with the Commanding Officer of the King’s Troops, and the India Company’s Governor\and Council at Manilla, for the Removal of the Kings and Company’s Troops from thence as early as possible, and the Consultations of the 10th March 1764, held in consequence thereof* were also read.

And by the said Consultations it appeared, that there were only Two of His Majesty’s Ships, Two of the Company’s Ships, and a Spanish Ship called The Siam, which Ships could only carry 1,160 Men, to transport about 1,500 Men (exclusive of the Company’s Civil Servants and Domestics) from thence to India.

And Captain Bromjicld further informed your Committee, That the Ships left at the Philippine Islands were not sufficient to carry away all the Troops upon the Surrender of the Conquest to the Spaniards — That a Aiutiny was threatened among the Troops, unless they were assured they should ail be embarked; in consequence of which^ Captain Bratton was obliged to fit up the Siam, and another old Spanish Ship, which he did without any Expence to the Public, in order to remove all the Troops and Stores, and in performing that Service he had great Merit; and that the Time employed therein detained him so long as to make it impossible to save the Passage to Madras, and obliged him to undertake the dangerous and tedious Passage to Batavia, through the Philippine and Molucca Islands — That the W itness sailed, with Captain Brereton, and continued in Company for more than Two Months, when he was obliged to bear away for Zoloo, and whilst he continued in Company, was often on board the Falmouth, and observed that the Commanding Officer, and Ten other Officers of the Mili-' tary, sailed in that Ship, and lived at Captain Brere-toils Table, at his Expence, which the Witness conceives could not have been less than Twelve Dollars a Day beyond his ordinary Charges as Commander of the Squadron.

The Claim made by Captain Brereton on this Account, amounts only to the Sum of £. 200.

It also appeared to your Committee, that the Falmouth was in a very leaky Condition on her Departure ipom the Bay of Manilla; and upon her Arrival at Batavia, repeated Surveys were held upon her by the Carpenters belonging to her, as likewise by those of the Princess Augusta, the Duke of Richmond, and the Duke of Gloucester, East India Company's Ships then riding in that Port.; the Result of which was, that it was totally impracticable to repair her, so, as to go to Sea again; and that, by many unavoidable Delays, he was detained on Shore at Batavia for more than Six Months, and put to the additional Expence of more than £. 400.

And it appeared to your Committee, that during his Detention at Batavia, a very general Sickness prevailed among the Seamen and Soldiers, and that it became necessary to establish an Hospital on Shore; and that he was obliged to take up Money for defraying Hospital Expences. — And by the Contracts produced to your Committee, it appeared, that he contracted for the Maintenance and Cure of the Men, at the Rate of Two Shillings per Man per Diem, the usual and accustomed Rate in that Country — That the Money he so took up, was charged to him at the Rate of Five Shillings per Rix Dollar; but those Dollars, when offered in Payment, could be received after the Rate of only Four Shillings each, the then Rate of Exchange at that Place; upon which there was incurred a Loss of One Shilling upon each Dollar. — And by a Certificate under the Hand of his Agent, it appeared, that upon passing his Accounts at the Navy and Victualling Boards, for Expences incurred at the same Time, the said Loss of Exchange was allowed; but upon the Hospital Accounts being presented to the Vol. 40.

Commissioners of Sick and Hurt* for their Inspection Brereton's and Examination, they objected to the Allowance of Expences the One Shilling Loss of Exchange, alledging, that at Cavite* the Contracts made by him being for Two Shillings per Man per Diem, and not for Half a Rix Dollar, therefore they were of Opinion, that the Loss of One Shilling per Rix Dollar ought to fall upon himself —

But it appeared to your Committee, that this Loss arose from an Error of Captain Brereton, in expressing^ in the Contract, Two Shillings per Man per Diem, instead of Half a Rix Dollar per Man per Diem; and that the Loss accruing to him on this Head amounted to the Sum of £5,13.

And it further appeared to your Committee, that His Majesty’s Ship the Falmouth, being in the Condition before stated, so as to render it impossible for her to pnt to Sea, Captain Brereton acquainted the Secretary of the Admiralty thereof by a Letter, dated Batavia, the 8th of November 1764; and that he, after providing Passage for, and otherwise disposing of her Complement of Men, was under the Necessity of taking a Passage to Europe for himself, and some of his Petty Officers and Servants, in a Dutch'East Indiaman, which he procured with great Difficulty.

And, by a Certificate under the Hand of Captain Brereton s Agent, it appeared to your Committee, that he had not been reimbursed the Expence of his Passage from Batavia to Europe in that Ship, which he stated to your Committee to have amounted to at least £.350; anci which Sum of £. 350, if allowed him, will not be any additional Expence to the Public, so far as respects the Victualling, as the Victualling at the King’s Expence ceased Irorn the Time the Falmouth vvas rendered unfit lor Service.

And by the Evidence of Captain Bromfield, the above Charge ot £-35° appeared to be extremely reasonable, as the Passage in an English East Indiaman would have been charged £. 1,000 at least.

Upon the Evidence of Mr. William Birch, Captain Breretons Attorney, it appeared, that an Action was brought against Captain Brereton, by Charles Peter Saulnier, Commander of an armed Vessel under his Command, for an Assault and false Imprisonment, in taking him out of his Ship, and detaining him on board the Falmouth; and that it appeared in Evidence, upon the Trial of this Action, that Saulnier was going off with the* Ship without Leave, and, disobeying the Signal^ for bringing his Vessel to, was taken and brought before Captain Brereton, as the Commander in Chief, and there detained to answer for his Conduct, and another Person put in command of the Vessel; and that Admiral Cornish, in giving his Evidence at the Trial, declared, that had Captain Brereton done otherwise than he did, that he would not have done his Duty, and that, as his Admiral, he should have called him to a Court Martial; but the Jury thought proper to give a Verdict against him, for £. 400 Damages, with Costs, and that the taxed Costs amounted to £. 84, and which, with his own Costs, and the Expences paid to Witnesses, some of whom were brought from France, and other distant Parts, could not amount in his Opinion to less than £. 600.

And Captain-Brereton assured your Committee, that he has never received any Allowance or Compensation whatsoever for the said Expenditures and Disbursements, or any Part thereof, making altogether the full Sum of £. 3,463, besides the total Loss of Interest upon so large a Sum.

And your Committee cannot close their Report, without doing Captain Brereton, the Petitioner, the Justice to declare, that they find, from the Papers which have been produced to them, and the Testimony of Captain Bromfield, that the Security of the Conquest wholly was attributed to the judicious Management of the Petitioner, and by his Influence over the Spaniards and Natives in the District where he 3 L governed;

County

Gaols.

Phillips's

Provision

Preservation.

Sugar Colonies Trade with America,

18° Junii. 1784.

governed; and that the Expends the Petitioner in- said Sttgar Colonies never have been, and, to the curred, whilst he was in Command, vfere unavoidable, perfect Conviction of the Petitioners, never can be, and necessary for the Honour arid GoOd of the Public supplied, so as steadily to support the Culture thereof. Service. with Lumber and Provisions from any other Countries

Ordered, That the said lieport do lie ttpoti the but those which form the United States of America, Table. seeing that the Gulph and River of Saint Lawrence are

froze up Half the Year, and that the opeu Half in-The House was moved, That an Act made in the eludes the Hurricane Months in The West Indies; and Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King that the Want of Inhabitants, and the Rigour of the William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable Justices Climate, as well in Nova Scotia as in Canada, frustrate of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective all just Expectation of those Colonies becoming spec-u Counties," might be redd. dily, if ever, productive, to any considerable Degree,

And the same being read accordingly; of those Articles of which The West Indies stand in need;

Ordered, That LCaVe be given to bring in a Bill to and that the said Sugar Colonies never have paid, and, explain and amend tbfc said Act, and for other Purposes to the perfect Conviction of the Petitioners, never therein mentioned: Aild that Mr. William Selwyn, the can pay, for such Lumber and Provisions, but by that lord Mtllgrave, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Soli- Part of their Produce which, being superfluous to citor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same. Great Britain, has never found a Market therein, consisting chiefly of Rum, of which the Dominions now Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the forming the United States, used in Time of Peace to Offifce of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented consume a greater Quantity than Great Britain and to the House, pursuant to their Order, Ireland did, even before the Consumption in Great

Copy of a Letter from Captain Thomas Wilson, of His Britain was discouraged by the heavy Duties imposed Majesty’s Sloop the Racehorse, to the Commissioners of thereon, to the equal Detriment of the Revenue and of the Victualling, dated at Spithead, the 15th June 1784, the Interests of the Petitioners; and this superfluous respecting Experiments on Phillips's Powder. Produce, if not consumed in Great Britain, or the Do-

And the Title of the Said Paper was read. minions of the United States, must be lost, seeing that

Ordered, That the Said Paper do lie upon the Table, the Consumption of the additional Inhabitants which to be perused by the Members of the House. Canada and Nova Scotia may acquire can amount but

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other to a mere Trifle; thus the Value of the Supplies,

Papers of this Session. which this superfluous Produce ought to pay for,

would become a Drain of so much Cash from the A Petition of the Proprietors of Landed Estates in Mother Country as must, in Payment for such Lumber

His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, and of the Merchants and Provisions, be drawn out of what would other-

bf London trading thereto, and other Persons interested wise rest in Great Britain, of the Value of the remain-therein, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on ing Produce of the Sugar Colonies sold there, and Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the which would be paid, through the Medium of America, House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, to the French, and other Foreign Sugar Colonies, for bf their Ancestors, have invested their Fortunes in the Supplies similar to that which we should thus, in the Settlement, Cultivation, and Commerce of the said first Instance, throw away; and that the Intercourse Chlonies, to the fextent, upon the most moderate Com- naturally arising out of these mutual Wants of His ^utation, of more than Fifty millions of Pounds Ster- Majesty’s Sugar Colonies and the Dominions now iitig, whereby the said Colonies, and the Commerce forming the United States of America was, in Time of thereon dependent, have become the most consider- Peace, chiefly carried on by American Shipping, of which table Source of Navigation and National Wealth which a large Proportion consisted of Sloops, Schooners, and Great Britain possesses Out of the Limits of the Mo- other small Vessels, adapted to the cheap Conveyance ther Country; and that, whilst the said Colonies, as of bulky Commodities for a short Navigation, and not Svell directly as through the Medium of Other depen- at all fit for, or employed in, the Conveyance of Sugar dent Branches of Trade, afford a Market for British from The West Indies to Europe, but which took back Manufactures, to a very great Amount, and constant the Returns for their own Cargoes in the superfluous Employment for more than 100,000 Tons of Ship- Produce before mentioned; and that, although the ping, in the direct Intercourse between Great Britain direct Intercourse with America in American Ships is, tmd the said Colonies, the clear Income of the Estates by His Majesty’s Proclamation, freely permitted to In the &id Colonies, after defraying the Expences of the Petitioners Fellow Subjects, not only in Great Br/-ttiose wh6 are necessarily resident there, is almost entirely tain but in Ireland, it is withheld from the Petitioners, fcpetotin the Mother Country; wherefore the Petition- to whom, of all His Majesty’s Subjects, it is the most ers conceive, that no Part of the National Property cati essential; and, the said Intercourse stands restrained to %fe tholre beneficially employed for the Public than Bri/wA-built Ships, by which, if the Trade were to be *theirs, nor any Interests better entitled to the Prdtec- carried on, they must generally proceed from Great *iion of the legislature; and that the Disasters and Britain to America in Ballast, at a ruinous Expence, !Ex peaces of the late War, coinciding with many natural and greatly enhance to the Consumer the Price of those Calamities, and with the Effect of the heavy Increase Commodities which form the Foundation of qll his ~of Duties imposed upon the Staple Articles Of their 'Culture, and which the Petitioners submit that every Produce, have reduced tire Petitioners to great Dis- Principle of Commercial Policy coincides in requiring tress and Difficulty, and endanger their Ability, with- to be conveyed to his Hand at the cheapest Rate pos-dut Relief from Parliament, to Carry on the Cultivation ^ible; and that additional Duties upon the Consump-bf the said Islands, which frujing, the Navigation, and tion of the said superfluous Produce of His Majesty’s all the other subordinate Interests and Advantages Sugar Colonies in the American Dominions, and on dependent on that Cultivation, must fail with it; and British Ships trading thither, have been imposed upon that the said Sugar Colonies cannot produce any the express Ground of Great Britain prohibiting that ^Quantity of Provisions at all adequate to their Wants, Intercourse by American Vessels, which the French without misapplying thereto that Culture which the Sugar Colonies not only admit, but, with true Policy, Public Good requires to be appropriated to those Arti- invite, whereby a Preference most dangerous to our idles 6f Commerce which that Climate alone produces, essential Interests’ is given to the Foreign Sugar Colo-iand that Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands do not nies in the Demand for those Commodities which afford any Supply of Lumber whatever; and that the there is no natural Obstacle to their supplying as well 7 as

Inverness, &c, Return.

Ordnance

Debt.

Supply.

44 Geo. III. 18" 443

a* we ean, although their Regulations had hitherto prevented it; and that, under all these Circumstances, the Petitioners are impelled, by every public as well as private Duty, with all Humility* but in the most explicit Terms, to inform the House, that if, by Means of this Prohibition, the British Sugar Colonies are deprived of a Market for that Part of their Produce which is superfluous to Great Britain and Ireland, and loaded with the additional Expence of procuring Lumber and Provisions, above stated, which seems the inevitable Consequence of persevering the rein, the Cultivation of several of the said Sugar Colonies cannot be carried on at all, nor any of them to Advantage; for which Reasons the Petitioners are convinced, and submit to the House, that, far from being favourable to British Navigation, the Prohibition in Question is big with Destruction to One of its principal Sources, and, if it should be persisted in, His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies must, in the natural Course of Things, sink, together with the Navigation, Revenues, and all the complicated Public Interests thereon dependent, in one common Ruin with the Private Fortunes of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown had, this Morning, a Tender made to him of an Indenture of Return of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Inverness, Nairn, Forres, and Fortrose, which had not been annexed to the Return of the Sheriff of the Shire of Elgin, at the Time when the same was delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, upon the 30th Day of April last; and that the Deputy Clerk of the Crown desired the Directions of this House, whether he should accept the same, and annex it to the Return of the Sheriff of the Shire of Elgin.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Debt of the Ordnance, as far as the same can be made up, with the Amount of the Debentures now standing out; distinguishing the Amount of the Debentures issued in each Month.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was Vol. 40.

directed by the Committee tp move, that they in^y have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself intg a Committee gf the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted so His Majesty.

Sir Herb&'t Mackworth repotted from foe Committee, Plate Glass to whom foe Petition of the Governor and Company Manufactory, of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers was referred f That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where foe same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition* an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein-named, and their Successors*

" with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing " One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Brit cun, and for the effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved " Plan, in a peculiar Manner, for the casting of large " Plate Glass," was read: And

Mr. Alexander Blacky Secretary to the said Company, being examined, said, That under the Sanction and Authority of the said Act of Parliament, the Company have, with unremitting Attention, endeavoured to forward the abovementioned Work, not merely with a View to their own Emolument and Advantage, but as an Object of Public and National Concern — That the Result has been a complete Performance of every Thing that was held up as a Plea, to warrant the Privileges granted by Parliament to the said Company, who have brought the Manufactory to such a Degree of Perfection, as to become an Object of Envy and Jealousy to the French Nation in that Branch of Manufacture, which in France has been upheld for more than a Century by peculiar Indul-gencies of Monopoly, and total Exemptions from Duty.

And he produced to your Committee, a Copy of an Order of the French King’s Council of State, dated the 13th of October 1781, as published by Authority; from which it appeared, that the Proprietors of the Royal Glass Manufactory in France, having represented to the King the Injury they should sustain if the new Duty on Glass, imposed by an Edict of the Month of August preceding, were to be rigorously levied on their Manufacture, the King in Council made the said Order, whereby the said Company of Proprietors were allowed to compound for the said Duties, at the Rate of 150,000 Livres per Annum, payable Quarterly; and that, as a further Encouragement, the whole Amount of the new Duty (as imposed by the said Edict) on such Glass as they should furnish for the Use of the Royal Palaces, or send Abroad, should be deducted from the said Composition; and it further appeared from the said Order, that with a View to enabling the said Proprietors to recover the Amount of the Duty, which under the said Composition they should actually pay, the Tariffe of their Prices of Glass was increased 10 per Cent.

Mr. Black being further examined, said, That the Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers have expended, in the Progress of their Works, upwards of One hundred Thousand Pounds, without receiving any Dividend whatever, owing to a Variety of Circumstances to which an Infant Manufactory, upon an entire new Plan, must naturally be liable; in Confirmation of which, he produced to your Committee certain Accounts hereunto annexed, Appendix,

N* 1 and 2.

And he further said, That among divers Hardships

and

224 18® Junii. A. 1784;

ate Glass and Difficulties the said Company had experienced, And being further examined, lie said, That from

Manufactory. they had found the Duties payable to Government some Error in the Mode of gauging the Pots, the very oppressive, owing to the Mode in which they are said Company have actually paid Duty for more Glass collected, and the Manner in which Glass is made by Metal than was ever melted by them, to the Amount Casting differing much from all other British Manu- of Two thousand Pounds and upwards, making in factories, wherein the Glass is made by Blowing, and the Whole the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds and on which the Duties must fall lighter, though the upwards, which it is presumed has been a Charge Quantum of the Duty charged by Law on the Mate- upon their Manufactory beyond the equitable Inten-rials is exactly the same — That this appears to be owing tion of the Law, and which is a singular Excess be-to a Waste of Metal through the whole Process of the yond the Duties collected upon all other Plate Glass Casting Work, exceeding in Quantity more than double Manufactories in this Kingdom. — To prove and elu-the Waste of the Blowing Work j in Explanation and cidate this Circumstance, he produced to your Com- Confirmation of which, he produced to your Committee, inittee the Accounts hereunto annexed, Appendix, Accounts of Experiments made to ascertain the extra N° 6 and 7.

Waste of Metal, which are hereunto annexed, Appendix, And he concluded his Evidence by saying, That N° 3 and 4. — And he added, Th$rt the Allowance for from such heavy Burthens upon the Produce of Waste, which is One Fourth Part of the whole Quan- the Manufactory, the Company find themselves tity of clean Metal in the Pot, is equal to both, and unable to continue their Endeavours to support it, therefore it compensates for the Loss by Waste, in a without some Relief from Parliament, as there ap-. Manner much more advantageous to the Blowing, than pears to be a considerable Annual Loss, upon an it does to the Casting Glass Manufactory; and that the Average Balance stated for some Years past, which said Company have paid Duties upon an extra-Waste of must soon produce the Ruin of the Company, unless Metal, not known in the Blowing Glass Manufactory, by such Relief, and by being allowed to enlarge to the Amount of Six thousand Pounds and upwards, as their then Capital Stock, their Income can be inwill appear by the Account hereunto annexed, Ap- creased, pendix, N° 5.

24 Geo. Ill

180 Juniu

225

Plate Glass Manufactory.

APPENDIX, N#i.

ACCOUNT of what has been expended in the Progress of the Works, Am* £. 108,856. 15. —

British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers Disbursements, from April 1773 to December 1783.

For Barrilla -Pot Clay -Common Clay Cullet -Cord Wood Pit Coals -Charcoal and Turf Sand -Hay and Straw Materials -

Hall Labour (Casting Glass) -Millers -Manufactory Labour Salaries -Making Pots - -

Labour in blowing Glass

Materials and Labour

Duty of Excise -

Petty Expences -Travelling Expences House Expences -Freights -Rents and Taxes -Gratuities -

Grinding and polishing Glass Land Carriage Apothecary’s Bill -Utensils -H. Furniture Acts of Parliament, &c. -Meetings of the Proprietors Law Charges -Insurances -

Sundry general Expences

Buildings at Ravenhead

Estate at Ditto -

Buildings in Albion Place, London

Buildings and Estate -

L- s. d.

13.219 4 4

1,092 11 2

- - - 281 4 11

- - - 577 19 4

- - - - 1,031 1 8

5,789 5 4

- - - - 270 7 6

508 11 5

- - - - 143 17 8

388 1 —

- - - - 4,355 1 8

836 18 —

- - - - 2,988 12 11

3,735 16. 9

- - - - 859 3 2

- - - - i,907 5 8

- - - - 37,985 2 6

- - - 18,322 — 4

- 1,650 3 7

- - - - 880 18 11

- - - 1,298 — —

- - - - 5,376 7 3

- - - - 1,554 13 6

1,257 1 4

- - - - 5,657 16 1

- - - - 1,706 18 3

- - - - 76 18 5

134 6 6

- - - - 336 10 2

- - - - 402 10 —

- - - - 227 16 3

- - - - - 536 — 6

999 12 5

- - - - 22,095 13 2

- - - 25,980 1 3

- - - - 1,216 — —

- - - - 3,257 17 9

- - - 30,453 19 —

«. d.

37»985 2 6 18,322 — 4

22,095 13 2

30,453 19 —

108,856 15 —

Vol. 40.

3 M

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o.

A P P E N D I X, N* 2.

1784 — A NNUAL DIS13 U R S E M E N T S for the Four last Years, Building not included, Am* £. 44,488. 5. 8; and RETURN by Glass Sold, Am* £. 40,302. 19.

o\

For the Annual Disbursements:

EXPENDED in the following Materials, Labour, &c. Cost of Buildings not included.

British Cast Plate Glass Manufactory. II Cr.

Ban-ilia -Pot Clay Cullet -Cord Wood Pit Coal -Charcoal -Sand

Hay and Straw Sundry Materials ~ iHall Labour

Millers -Labour in Manufactory Salaries in London Salaries at Ravenhsad Making Pots

Materials and Labour

DUTY OF EXCISE Carriage

Freight, Raven bead -Freight, London Insurance in London Int. on Money borrowed Int. D° in London Rent and Taxes in London Rent and D° at Ravenhead Travelling (Committee) -Travelling, Ravenhead House Ex peaces, London -House D°, Ravenhead Petty Expences, London -Petty Expences, Ravenhead Tavern Expence (Committee)

- Sick at Rayenhead -Grind* and Pol* at Ravenhead Grind* and Pol* in London Utensils at Ravenhead Utensils at London -Taw Charges -

VI 00 o 1781. 1782. 1783. Total. )

£. s. d. £. 8. d. £. 8. d. £. 8. d. £. 8. d.

i,57° 1 6 3*30* 2 2,431 1 6 1,86a 17 6 9,165 — 8

16 2 iod 9 . - - 8 2 124 13 —

13» 7 8 475 2 6; - . - - . - - 606 IO 2

96 »9 9‘ 42 16 1 X - 120 11 9 260 7 7

74i 19 924 2 6 1*054 3 749 13 3>4d 17 6

12 »7 2 43 17 5 21 7 6 11 2 9 «9 4 16

46 !3 69 1 3 - - 130 19 10 35a H 1

28 5 6 21 6 U - 3i 19 7 Si 12 —

271 2 4 68 3 7 1417 433 5 5 787 8 4

678 6 5 524 10 2 517 7 462 15 6 2,182 12 8

35 16 5 85 19 4 70 9 5 45 — 237 5 2

3°7 17 464 4 5 485 7 5 . 3P5 13 4 t.653 2 2

232 11 — 232 11 232 11 232 lit — 930 4 — .

5*o — — 520 — 520 53° — 3,090 — —

37 3 — 40 8 5 51 6 7 60 188 18 1 —

4>727 1 9 <3,913 12 9 5,398 — 5 5,080 11 8 22,119 10 2

2,168 ID 9 2,354 12 8 3,383 — 7 3.3^917 3 1 1,276 10 3

263 J5 3 351 7 2 350 18 — 230 18 7 1,196 >9 —

97 16 5 63418 6 1,064 6 2 321 9 10 2,118 10 11

443 4 10 554 15 10 516 1 2 228 1 3 L742 3 1

46 6 5 11 10 — . *9 19 4 3fr 3 6 l»3 19 3

29 7 — 40 1* 6 27 18 474 18 8 816 9 8

194 — — 196 18 11 327 12 V 474 18 8

275 — — 246 11 — 245 6 7 238 4 5 1,005 2 —

76 *9 11 67 10 11 77 19 6 54 3 4 276 13 8

- - - 88 17 1 45 17 10 53 19 1 188 14 —

18 17 — 25 1 — 72 8 2 34 4 — 150 10 2

58 19 10 45 4 7 62 4 7 42 12 11 209 1 11

11 1 9 22 16 8 37 2 8 21 3 6 92 4 7

67 6 1 34 13 4 48 — 7 44 14 — 194 14 —

43 12 2 94 19 — 65 2 11 $5 6 — 269 1

15 15 — 18 10 — 15 18 — 22 — — 72 3 —

16 8 11 4 5 2 15 3 6 6 19 6 42 17 1

82 1 6 132 6 8 291 19 1 829 15 10 3 1

6 455 5 5 455 5 5

21 10 8 41 1 — 19 10 18 4 11 100 7 1

58 4 — 22 — —; 50 16 6 2 13 6 133 14 —

103 1 2 103 1 2

8,819 3 — 11,92 4 9 12,135 10 9 11,631 7 2

Total Debit making Glass, Cost of Buildings not included

£. 8. d.

£.44,488 5 8

By the Return for Glass Sold.

SALES.

r 1780. 1781. 1782. 1783- Total.

Rough Glass, London Ditto, Ravenhead -D* - - D° Rough - Glass finished, London Annual Sales. * £. t. d. 4.974 >9 4 «32J 9 5 £. 8. d. 8,083 13 5 3*7<52 17 10 £. *. d. 7.383 »7 — 2,579 a a 499 4 4 £ 7.925 10 9 9.255 10 5 1.251 11 3 £ ». d.

6,396 & 9 484 9 9 10,836 10 g 492 . 7 5 9.453 3 6 125 11 9 1 >.432 12 5 181 15 9 39.018 14 11 1,284 4 *

6,780 17 n 11,398 17 8 19.57? 15 3 11,614 8 2 40,302 19 —

Total Credit for Glass $old: Materials and Labour only amount to

Puty of Excise paicj in Four Year*

- £.22,119 10 2

- £.11,276 10 3

00

4

34 Geo. III

i&° Jum>

APPENDIX, N* 3.

CAST PLATE GLASS, SURPLUS WASTE.

Plate Glass Manufactory.

TABLE, N° 2. 23 June 1783.

The Duty paid for Glass Metal in the Casting Work, from the 12th February 1778, to the

25th March 1782, was ----- - £8,848 4 —

And from that Time, to the 17th March 1783, was ----- 1,428-

Total - - £10,276 4 —

The Duty payable upon the Saleable Glass, to March 1782, would have amounted to - 4,327 10 —

And to the 17th of March 1783, to.....- 874 15 —

Total - - £ 5,202 5 —

Which Sum of £5,202, deducted from the above £10,276, leaves a Balance of £5,074 actually paid for Waste Glass, that your Committee humbly apprehends ought to be refunded to the Company.

And from the Commencement, of the 12th of February 1778, there was paid for Duty £2,576, wffiereupon a proportionable Average for Waste was also paid, amounting to £ 1,288.

Which several Sums, added to the Amount paid for Excess of Metal, by an Error in the Officers Gauge, and not contained in the Pots, being £ 2,054, makes the whole Sum paid by the Company, for such Excess, and for Waste, to amount as follows:

Waste -

Error in the Gauge

' £8,416 —

£6,362 — 2,054 —

From which is to be deducted several Sums returned for broken Pots, amounting to - - £189 16 11

Balance remaining - - £8,226 3 1

Vol. 40.

According

22$ 18° Junii. A. 1784.

Platt Glass According to this Table it appears, that the whole Amount of the Metal for One Year’s Work, Cw‘. Manafactory. by the Officers Acco', was..... - - 1>9°4

That the Total Waste thereupon was ----- 1.088 —

That the Allowance for Waste was - - - 4/6

And that there was a Surplus Waste, for which the C* paid Duty - 612 —

Total - - 1,088 —

Cw*. £ *. d.

That the Duty paid on 1,428, amounted to---- - 1,532 14 4f

Cw*.

That the Duty on Saleable Glass, being 815, amounted to ----- 874 15 4

That the-Duty paid for Waste Glass was ----- - 658----

1,532.----

This makes the Duty upon the Saleable Glass amount to 1J. or thereabouts, within a small Fraction.

That the Total Waste, after the Officers Gauge, is upon Average about 57 per Cent, upon the Cast Glass; for which 25 per Cent is only allowed; whereas upon the Blown Glass the Average Waste is only 34 per Cent, upon which 25 per Cent, is also allowed. So that the Difference in Favour of the Blowing Glass Manufactory is as 9 to 32; and this Comparison is made with an Infant Blowing Work, where more Waste may well be supposed than where the Work is in a perfect State. Wherefore it is submitted, that { more, or an additional 25 per Cent allowed to the Casting Work, would not even be sufficient to put the Two upon a Par.

Surplus Waste charged

0 N° of Total of the Metal in Neat gauged Metal Weient of the Glass Total of the Waste Amount of the $ with Duty, proving the Deficiency of the

DATES: Pot*. exclusive of Inches for which Duty is when squared far Sale. after the Gauge. allowed i for Waste. Allowance which

at the Bottom. payable. - ought to be equal to the Waste, or nearly so.

1782. Cw'. qr. lb. Cw'. qr. lb. Cw'. qr. ib. Cw'. qr. lb. Cw*. qr. Ib. Cw*. qr. lb.

March 30 8 65 18 48 3 14 21 2 23 43 1 23 16 1 4 27 — 19

April 8 12 91 3 18 68 3 21 37 — 9 54 3 9 22 3 25 31 3 12

14 8 62 3 5 47 — 11 26 3 3 36 — 2 15 2 22 20 1 8

21 10 76 1 4 57 — 24 28 — 27 48 — 5 *9 — 8 28 3 25

25 5 37 1 8 27 3 27 15 2 3 21 3 5 9 1 9 12 1 24

May 4 6 45 3 10 34 1 15 20 — 24 25 2 15 11 1 23 14 — *9

11 6 47 1 4 35 1 24 18 1 2 29 — 2 11 3 8 17 — 22

i6 4 3i 1 20 23 2 8 13 — 1 18 1 *9 7 3 12 10 2 7

June 2 8 60 3 — 45 2 7 27 1 2 33 1 26 15 — 21 18 1 5

7 8 59 2 4 44 2 17 22 2 21 36 3 11 14 3 15 21 3 24

23 12 90 1 5 67 2 25 42 — 18 48 — 15 22 2 8 25 2 7

July 1 7 52 3 22 39 2 24 21 3 6 3i — 16 13 — 26 17 3 18

3 1 8 1 9 6 1 — 3 2 23 4 2 14 2 — 9 2 2 5

24 12 84 1 8 63 — 27 25 2 23 58 2 13 21 — 9 37 2 4

August 9 12 84 3 17 63 2 20 39 — 21 45 2 24 21 — 25 24 1 27

26 9 69 2 6 52 — 12 25 — 27 44 1 7 17 1 22 26 3 13

Novembers 5 38 — 24 28 2 18 17 1 IQ 20 3 14 9 2 6 11 1 8

24 9 64 1 2 48 — 23 23 3 2 .40 2 — 16 — 7 24 1 21

December 2 7 52 2 25 39 2 5 22 3 2 29 3 23 13 — 20 16 3 3

m / 6 43 2 13 32 2 24 16 2 24 26 3 17 10 3 17 16

15 9 68 1 1 51 — 22 29 2 23 38 2 6 17 7 21 1 27

21 1783. 3 22 *"" 25 16 2 »9 8 . 2 21 13 2 4 5 2 6 7 3 26

January 5 8 56 3 17 42 2 20 23 1 14. 33 2 3 14 — 25 iq 1 6

11 8 55 — 1 4i 1 1 24 1 26 30 2 3 13 3 7 16 3 2

5 35 1 22 26 2 10 16 1 27 18 3 23 8 3 12 10 O 11 O 7

22 3 24 1 2 18 — 23 11 — 24 13 — 6 6 7 6 0

February 2 U 87 — 4 65 1 3 43 — l6 43 3 16 21 3 / 1 v 22 J 1

9 8 70 — 2 52 2 2 32 3 3 37 — 27 i> 2 IQ 0 27

M 8 r 69 3 25 52 1 26 33 3 26 35 3 27 17 1 27 18 2 i

22 March 2 0 7 53 62 1 20 39 46 3 3 8 25 30 1 9 8 27 32 ’ 2 1 19 12 13 15 1 2 12 14 16 1 Q *9

7 5 39 2 17 2.9 2 27 19 3 26 19 2 19 9 3 18 0 J 0

17 9 2 75 16 3 2 5 9 56 12 3 1 11 21 38 8 2 26 13 37 8 1 7 24 18 4 3 22 l6 18 4 0 1 I »3 8

1J 8 1,428 7 815 1 1 1,088 3 8 476 — 1 612 3 6

24 Geo. III.

18° Juniu

329

APPENDIX, N" 4.

SURPLUS WASTE continued to March 17th 1784*

Plate Glass Manufactory.

TABLE 2, carried on.

By this Table, calculated for One Year, to the 17th Day of March 1784, it appears, that the

Duty, according to the Officers Gauge on the Metal in the Pot, after deducting the Allowance Cwt* v* lb# of J for Waste on - -1,718 — 25

Amounts to -

That the saleable Glass, when squared, amounts in Wl tp -

On which the Duty payable would only be

he Difference between those Two Sums shews the Amount of the E Waste above the supposed Quantity, and amounts to -fhieh must be added, as a Loss to the Company, to the fortner Sue making the Sum -

on

be whole S amount to

C 4,850 s. 14' d. 6

Cwt. qr. lb.

1,018 3 6

/ S. d.

£ 1.097 6 8r

IS i- 753 - 1. s. <L

7. 9

C 8,979 10 10

a

d. Cwt. qr. lb.

2 6

11 S. d.

C-9.364 1 4

Calculated to March 17th, 1784-

DATES: N° of P«>tS. Total of the Metal in the Pots when gauged, exclusive of Inches at the Bottom. ^et gauged Metal, 1 for which Duty is payable. Weight t>f the Glass when squared for Sale. Total of the Waste after the Gauge. Amount of the £ allowed for Waste. Surplus Waste charged with Duty, proving the Deficiency of the Allowance, which ought to be equal to the Waste, or nearly so.

1783* Cwt. qr. Ib. Cwt. qr. Ib. Cwt. qr. ib. Cwt. qr. lb.' Cwt. <lr- lb. Cwt. qr. Ib.

April 4 10 77 3 19 62 2 4 43 5 34 2 14 15 1 15 19 — 27

12 9 66 1 12 53 — 10 36 2 26 29 2 14 13 1 2 16 .1,12 36 2 26

18 8 82 3 14 66 2 — 1 29 3 2 53 — 12 16 1 14

25 6 41 1 7 33 — 6 20 16 21 — *9 8 1 1 12 3 18

29 7 5i 1 12 41 — 2 19 2 4 3» 2 26 10 1 — 1 21 1 26

June 29 10 78 2 5 62 3 13 33 ' 26 45 1 7 15 2 24 29 2 11

July 7 6 47 2 — 38 - — 19 3 24 27 2 4 9 2 18 — 4

17 9 66 1 25 53 2 9 26 1 26 40 1 27 13 1 16 27 4 — 11

25 12 ‘ 84 2 — 67 2 11 33 3 16 50 2 12 16 3 »7 33 2 23

August 2 9 67 2 2 54 — 2 26 3 18 40 2 12 13 1 — ., 27 1.12

8 4 3i 2 17 23 3 18 13 2 27 17 3 18 7 2 27 n 10 — 19

1.5 12 84 1 24 67 2 8 59 17 25 1 7 16 3 10 6 8 1 19

17 8 56 1 2 44 3 24 27 2 21 28 2 9 11 1 17 '3

28 12 89 2 23 7i 3 2 36 3 1 52 3 22 »7 3 21 35 — 1

September 8 12 97 3 — 78 - 21 40 1 6 57 1 22 19 2 7 37 3 15

13 4 32 2 12 26 — 10 13 1 14 19 — 26 6 2 2 12 2 24

27 7 58 1 9 46 2 19 27 1 11 30 3 26 11 2 18 19 1 8

October 3 4 35 - 6 28 — 5 18 1 4 16 3 2 7 — 1 9 3 1

14 12 100 2 — 80 1 21 49 2 21 50 3 7 20 — 7 30 3 —

27 6 49 1 4 39 20 23 2 24 25 2 18 9 3 12 15 3 6

November 4 8 65 2 18 52 1 26 35 1 17 20 1 1 13 r" 20 7 — 20

19 7 59 — l6 47 — 13 32 9 27 — 8 12 — 3 15 — 5

28 9 82 3 18 66 1 2 39 1 1 43 2 17 16 2 16 1 27 — 1

December 5 5 43 3 20 35 — 16 19 2 26 24 — 22 8 3 4 15 1 18

12 6 50 15 40 — 12 24 1 4 25 3 11 10 3 15 3 8

29 8 66 1 6 53 — 5 33 1 26 32 3 8 »3 1 1 19 2 7

1784. January 7 9 68 3 17 55 — 14 38 1 22 30 1 23 13 3 3 16 2 20

February 12 12 "5 — 18 92 — 15 61 1 20 53 2 26 23 3 18 30 2 23

23 12 111 2 26 89 1 8 61 11 50 2 15 22 1 28 — 25

March 2 7 59 — 16 52 1 20 32 — 3 33 2 8 13 19 20 1 17

8 4 ‘ "53 3 — 43 — — 13 23 40 2 5 10 3 20 29 3 5

17 7 65 3 17 52 2 25 28 2 27 37 — 18 13 23 3 26

2,142 2 6 M ^1 1-4 OO 1 25 1,018 3 6 1,120 1 10 430 3 8 i <N 1 00

Vol. 40. 3 N

A. 1784

230 18® Junii.

PiatfCr la»

MR&ufectory.

APPENDIX, N'5.

An ACCOUNT of the Waste in a Blowing Glass Manufactory, on One Year’s Work, to March 1783.

TABLE, N" 3.

23 June 1783.

BLOWING GLASS WORK.

According to this Table it appears, that the whole Amount of the Metal in the Pots, by the Officers Gauge; as in the First Column, is.

That the Total Waste thereupon is - - - - „ .

That the Allowance for Waste is----.

That the Surplus Waste, for which Duty was paid, is - - - - . *

Cwt.

1,815

616

453

162

Cwt. qr.

That the Duty paid on 1,361 L of Metal, amounts to -

Cwt. qrs.

That the Duty on 1,198 3 Saleable Glass, amounts to -That the Difference, or Duty paid on Waste Glass, amounts to

£ 1,461 1 —

1,286 13 — 174 8 —

£ £1,461 1 —

This makes the Duty upon Saleable Glass amounts to 1 4 4$, or thereabout; so that the ----: -.* .

Comparison between the Two Manutactories will stand thus:

Cast Plate, Duty on each Cw‘ - - . /, 1 17 71

Blown Plate, D* - - D’ - - 1 4 4}

Difference

- £ — 13 3

Which proves, that { additional Allowance, applied for to the Casting Work, would not be sufficient to place it upon an equally advantageous Footing with the Blowing Plate Work.

I>AlTfeS: '1 N°of Pot*. Total of the Metal in the Pot* wheu gauged, exclusive of the Inches at the Bottom. Net Ganged Metal for which Duly is payable. Weight of the Glass wheu squared for Sale. Allowed for Waste. Real Waste of Metal. Deficiency in the Allowance.

1782. Cwt. qr. lb. Gwt. <jr. lb. Cwt. qr. lb. Cwt. qr. lb. Cwt. qr. Ih. Cwt. qr. lb.

April 5 3 24 -1 17 18 — 13 16 2 6 6 — 4 7 2 11 1 2 7

i;5 7 53 3 — 40 1 7 34 2 27 - 13 1 21 19 — 1 5 2 8

' 1 May'8 15 111 2 9 83 2 21 71 — 4 27 3 16 40 2 5 12 2 17

; 29 14 106 — 4 79 2 3 71 1 24 26 2 1 34 2 8 8 7

June 15 12 9i 3 9 68 3 14 63 - 17 22 3 23 28 2 20 5 2 25

July6 10 74 2 — 55 3 14 50 — 25 18 2 14 24 1 3 5 2 17

1 27 10 74 1 22 55 3 10 52 — 21 18 2 12 22 1 1 3 2 17

August 16 13 86 2 24 65 — 4 56 3 — 21 2 20 29 3 24 8 1 4

27 7 51 2 6 38 2 19 3i — 14 12 3 15 20 1 20 7 2 5

September 21 13 101 3 5 76 1 11 58 3 5 25 1 22 43 — — 17 2 6

October 12 14 92 3 5 69 2 11 60 3 15 23 — 22 31 3 18 8 2 24

November 1 13 98 — 5 73 2 4 64 — 9 24 2 1 33 3 24 9 1 23

14 12 93 — 5 69 3 4 60 2 9 23 1 1 32 1 24 9 23

December 3 12 87 3 10 65 3 17 59 ~ 17 21 3 21 28 2 21 6 3

20 14 104 2 21 78 2 2 64 1 10 26 — 19 40 1 11 14 20

3i 8 61 2 1 46 — 15 39 — 9 15 1 14 22 1 20 7 . 6

1783.

January 14 9 66 2 26 50 — 6 43 1 8 16 2 20 23 1 18 6 2 26

8 58 1 2 43 2 23 38 — 21 14 2 7 20 — 9 5 2 2

February 8 9 7i — 4 53 1 3 48 2 10 17 3 1 22 1 22 4 2 21

25 14 120 1 12 9° 1 2 80 3 3 30 — 10 39 2 9 9 1 27

March 15 15 132 2 20 99 2 1 96 — 3 33 — 19 36 2 17 3 1 ¥ 2 6

26 6 51 2 20 38 3 1 37 3 15 12 3 19 13 3 5 3 14

238 1,815 — 4 1,361 1 9 1,198 3 20 453 2 23 616 — 12 162 1 17

24 Geo. III.

18° Jun&z

APPENDIX, N‘6.

CAST PLATE GLASS MANUFACTURERS.

Plate Glas* Maimfi^tore;

STATE OF FACTS, submitted to the Commissioners of Excise, with regard to their Losses from the Contraction of Pots, and the Waste; the 28th Ffebhiary 1783.

Sheweth,

1st. That by the Fire contracting the Pots (a Matter till lately unnoticed) they haVfe paid a Duty upon a Quantity of Glass Metal supposed to have been contained in thie Pots, as appealed by the Officers Gauge, amounting to One Sixth of the whole Contents, which in Fact the Pots did not nor could contain, owing to the Contraction subsequent to the Time of first gauging them, to ascertain what they would contain; One Sixth, therefore, of the Duty paid, ought to be refunded as an unjust Overcharge, pirdceeding from Error.

2dly. That by an extraordinary and unavoidable Waste of Metal lil the Mode of carrying on their Business, they have paid at least 70 to 100 per Cent, or in that Proportion at least, varying from Accidents, a Duty for such Waste, calculated from the Time of gauging the Metal in the Pot to the squaring of the Glass, and which is not protected by the Allowance of One Fourth of the gauged Mfctal in the Pot: This can be proved by a great Variety of Experiments; and Mr. Jackson admits it to be 50 perCent. upon 28 Experiments made by himself. The Difference in such Calculations can easily be reconciled, by considering that any particular Nuitiber of Journies may vary considerably by, maity Accidents; therefore, a long taken on

a great Number of Journiies, is the most likely to bring oilt a fniiCiijCaldultition. 1 / .

3dly. That the Waste of Metal in the Blowing Plate Glass Manufactory (calculated in the same Manner from the gauging to the squaring) has varied from 6 to 12 per Cent upon Experiments hitherto pt?4e; which shews how much the;Oa&tabg Work, amounting from 70 tq too per Cent, has Need of a further Allowance,

4thly. That in the Casting Work, the Waste charged with Duty exceeds the Quantity discharged by the Allowance more than double; when the same Species of Waste in the Blowing Work does not exceed it One Fifth: This brings it to the Proportion of 120 to 20, or rather more, with respect to the Relief given, under the present Allowance, to the Two Manufactories. — In one Case, it compensates very fairly for the Loss by Waste; in the other, it falls extremely short of the intended Benefit.

5thly. That the Waste by Evaporation is too insignificant to deserve Notice.

EXPERIMENTS in December 1782, and January 1783.

To ascertain the Diminution of the Pots by Contraction, through the Heat of the Fire.

DATE. Gauged Contents of the Pot unanealed. After being in the Arch heated. Contents gauged. Contracted.

1782: December 18. C. 11 Qr 1 lb. 2 13 Days 10 1 10 0 3 20 ITT Parts less than T*T

21. 10 3 23 Ditto 10 0 6 0 3 17 tVr less than

1783: January 14. 13 0 23 9 Days 12 0 22 1 0 1 -rW less than

January 2. 11 1 2 After being in the Casting Furuace. 4 Days 8 2 8 2 2 22 -jVi- less than J (13 lb.)

23- 14 0 2 11 Days 11 3 11 2 0 19 TJfT less than (18 lb.)

Ditto. 13 0 21 Ditto 10 2 10 2 2 11 tVt less than y (4 lb.)

January 1. 11 3 10 In the Blowing Furnace. 31 Days 10 0 11 1 2 27 H less than i, or (16 lb.)

By the above Experiments it appears, that the Pots shrink from One Fourth to One Sixth nearly; on which the Average or Medium would be One Fifth, supposing the y shrank in that Proportion in equal Numbers; but as that cannot be ascertained without great Difficulty, in a prodigious Number of Experiments, the Company take the Contraction at the lowest or smallest Diminution, most in Favour of the Duty, and against themselves, which is One Sixth, as was before represented in their Memorial; from whence this Conclusion follows, that upon every Pot of Metal they have paid for One Sixth Part more in Quantity than what the Law required; as, from the Manner of taking the Gauge, One Sixth Part more than the real Contents was actually taken by the Measurement, through an Error in not noticing the above Contraction of the Pots, and which indeed Mr. Jackson did not believe to be the Case, but is now fully proved.

Vox.. 40. To

Plate Glass Manufactory.

333 18° Junii. A. 1784.

To illustrate the foregoing by an Example.

Suppose the Contents of an unanealed Pot to be When the Officer gauges he deducts dry Inches, suppose " 1,200 100

Remains in the Pot, Metal -i allowed for Waste ..... - 1,100 275

Metal to pay Duty - - - 825

Contents of the Pot, as above -Contracted by Heat £ - - 1,200 200

Real Contents -Dry Inches deducted - *» 1,000 84

Metal in the Pot. -i allowed for Waste - 916 229

Metal to pay Duty - - 687

So that in the Proportion as 825 is to 687, the Company have paid an unjust Excess of Duty, which is about One Sixth, leaving out small Fractions; and, upon the Whole of the Duty paid, to the 31st January last, the Sum of which is £. 15,022. 2. 5, amounts to £. 2,503. 13. 8.

After much Consideration, the Commissioners gave to understand to the Committee, that they would not give them any Relief; but admitted, that there was a greater Waste in the Casting than in the Blowing, by the Evidence of their Supervisor Mr. Jackson.

24 Geo. III. i8° Juniu235

APPENDIX, N'7.

SURCHARGE by an Error in the Officers Gauge in the Casting Work.

TABLE, N° 1. 23 June 1783.

According to this Table, it appears, That the whole Contents of 247 Pots, by the Officers Cwt.

Gauge, was - 2,482

That the Metal weighed in, was - -- -* 2,113

Difference - - 369

Being nearly One Sixth, or 17 per Cent. *

Taking the refore One Sixth Part as an Average Surplus, the Company have paid Duty, upon the whole Quantity of Excised Metal, in that Proportion: Which being calculated as far back as the Company’s Books can trace it with Accuracy, amounts to the following Sums; viz'.

D*

D*

D*

D"

D*

D*

£ s. d.

28 February 1778 £ 2,576 — — 4. is - 429 6 8

28 February 1779 2,915 10 — D* 485 18 4

10 January 1780 1,475 l6 — D* 245 19 4

31 December 1780 1,688 18 3i D* 281 9 8!

30 December 1781 1,534 8 if D° 255 14 8*

30 December 1782 1,587 6 10 D° 264 11 1*

25 March 1783 547 2 4i D* 9i 3 8i

£ 2,054 3 71

DATES. N° of Pots. Ski minings before the Gauge. Total of the gauged Metal. Four Inches at the Bottom. Total of the Contents, as per Officers Account. Total of Materials weighed into the Pots. Surplus by the Officers Account not contained in the Pots.

1782: Cwt. qr. ib. Cwt qr. lb. Cwti . qr. lb. Cwt. qr. lb. Cwt. qr. lb. Cwt. is.

March 30 8 8 1 4 65 18 10 — 83 1 22 68 — 15 1 22

April 8 12 16 22 91 3 lS 15 — — 123 — 12 102 — — 21 — 12

14 8 8 3 14 62 3 5 10 — — 81 2 19 68 — — 13 2 19

21 10 11 3 24 76 1 4 12 2 — 100 3 85 — — 15 3 ——

25 5 6 1 20 37 1 8 6 1 — 50 — — 42 2 — 7 2

May 4 6 7 1 — 45 3 10 7 2 — 60 2 10 5i — — 9 2 10

11 6 7 2 2 47 1 4 7 2 — 62 1 6 51 — — 11 1 6

16 4 3 2 21 31 1 20 5 — — 40 — 13 34 — — 6 — 13

June 2 8 11 1 13 60 3 — 10 — — 82 — 13 68 — — 14 — 13

7 8 9 0 a 13 59 2 4 10 — — 79 1 17 64 —: — 15 1 17

23 12 15 3 22 90 1 5 15 — — 121 — 27 100 — - — 21 — 27

July 1 7 6 3 10 52 3 22 8 3 — 68 2 4 57 — — 11 2 4

3 1 1 10 8 1 9 1 1 — 10 2 19 8 2 — 2 — k- 19

24 12 20 — 26 84 1 8 15 — — 119 2 6 104 — — 15 2 6

August 9 12 12 1 21 84 3 17 15 — — 112 1 10 96 2 — 15 3 10

26 9 12 3 14 69 2 6 11 1 — 93 2 20 79 — 24 14 1 24

November 17 5 6 11 38 — 24 6 1 — 50 2 7 43 2 — 7 — 7

24 9 9 2 11 64 1 2 11 1 — 85 — 13 72 — — 13 — 13

December 2 7 6 2 27 52 2 25 8 3 — 68 — 24 61 1 — 6 3 24

7 6 5 1 19 43 2 13 7 2 — 56 2 4 52 2 — 4 — 4

15 9 '8 — 9 . 68 1 1 11 1 — 87 2 10 77 1 12 10 — 26

21 3 2 3 26 22 — 25 3 3 — 28 3 23 24 2 — 4 1 23

1783:

January 5 8 5 1 18 56 3 17 10 — — 72 1 7 60 1 6 12 — 1

11 8 6 — 24 55 1 10 — — 7i — 25 60 — ' — 11 — 25

17 5 2 1 4 35 1 22 6 1 — 43 3 26 37 2 — 6 1 26

22 3 1 2 11 24 1 2 3 3 — 29 2 13 25 3 18 3 2 23

February 2 11 15 1 8 87 — 4 13 3 — 116 — 12 102 — 2 13 2 12

9 8 5 3 12 70 — 2 10 — — 85 3 14 74 — _ 11 3 14

14 8 5 2 27 69 3 25 10 — — 85 2 24 75 — — 10 2 24

22 6 3 1 24 53 — — 7 2 — 63 3 24 55 2 — 8 1 24

March 2 7 6 1 62 1 20 8 3 — 77 1 20 67 2 — 9 3 20

7 5 7 2 27 39 2 17 6 1 — 53 2 16 46 2 — 7 — 16

1.5 9 7 3 27 75 3 5 11 1 — 95 — 4 81 — 14 4

1/ 2 2 1 16 2 9 2' 2 — 21 1 9 18 ' 3 1 9

'247 269 3 17 1,904 — 8 308 — 3 2,482 2 25 2,113 2 4 369 — 21

Vox,. 40. 3 O Ordered,

Plate Glass

Manufao

tory.

34 18° Junii. 1784.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Navy and A Petition of Merchants and Owners of Ships em-Victualling pl0yed in His Majesty’s Service as Transports and 1 8* Victuallers, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommepds it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, during the late War, supplied the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling Boards with Ships for Transports and Victuallers, for the Freight of which they received Navy and Victualling Bills, subject to a Discount at the Time of contracting, on an Average about Ten per Cent. \ and that the Petitioners have, from Time to Time, advanced very large Sums, on account of their Ships, for Outfits, arid Bills drawn from America at an immense Premium, which, with their Ships arriving daily from America, and being discharged from His Majesty’s Service, obliges them to advance much larger Sums for defraying the Debts contracted during the Voyage, and for discharging Seamen’s Wages, which must be done with Ready Money; and that the Petitioners have been greatly distressed by not having it in their Power to sell their Navy Bills at the above Discoynt; and, as they are the original Holders of these Bills, they are much alarmed at the present high Discount of Twenty per Cent, which they are obliged to pay, and that only for Bills of small Sums, as they>cannot sell large Bills at any Rate; and that the very, great Loss winch has befallen the Petitioners in their Shipping, from the Severity of their Services* and: by being confined to Government Service by His Majesty’s Commissioners, contrary to the Interest of the Petitioners, who, in many Instances, made Application for their Discharge, without Effect, has reduced their Value near Fifty per Cent, since the Peace, added to the above Circumstances, renders the Situation of their Property truly alarming and distressing: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Petitioners Distress into Consideration, and order the Navy and Victualling Bills to be paid off, or grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordend, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Christ Sir Hei'bert Mackworth presented., to the House,

Chiirch, according to Order, a Bill for providing a Work-Poor!eSex> house within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and for raising Money for that Purpose, and to discharge Debts already contracted on account of the Poor, and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of

Churchwarden, and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer of the same Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the nPceipt Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Tax. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing an " Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging a " Stamp Duty upon Inland Bills of Exchange,

" Promissory Notes, or other Notes payable otherwise u than upon Demand; and for granting New Stamp " Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other " Notes; and also, Stamp Duties, on Receipts," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as1 imposes a Stamp Duty on Receipts;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Alderman NezvnA

Tellers for the YeasJ ham, > 29.

[Mr. William Smith. J

Teller, forte Noes,} "8'

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Smuggling, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties;

Resolved, That this House will, uppn Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Address to His Majesty, Estimatei*.

Estimate of the Charge of Five Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Infantry in the Pay of Great Britain, from 25th December 1783, to 24th June 1784, both inclusive, being 183 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot ordered from Ireland to Gibraltar, for the Year 1783:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Additionals to Three Regiments of Foot, for the respective Times within mentioned, in the Year 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Foot, to the respective Times of their being disbanded during the Year 1783: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Officers serving with the Forces in North Amei'ica and The West Indies, for the Year 1784: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year

1784.

And the Titles of the said Estimates %vere read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

14 Geo. III.

18° J

*3S

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Infantry in the Pay of Great Britain, from 25th December 1783 to 24th June 1784, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Numbers. Pay for 1S3 Days.

Three Battalions under Orders to return from Gibraltar 1,423 £. s. d. 14,047 3 ii

Two Battalions under Orders to return from Great Britain - 950 9,371 17 9

' Total 2,373 £.23,419 — »of

War Office, 18th June 1784.

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot ordered from Ireland to Gibraltar,

for the Year 17^3*

- - - Numbers. Charge. Total.

Major General Smith's Reg* for 77 Days, from the 9th October 1783 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive - - - - Earl of Ross's Regiment for the same Time 471 471 - £2,123 5 6 £.2,123 5 6

Total - - 942 £4,246 n —

War Office, 18th June 1784.

Geo. Y

Vol. 4Q.

336

18° Juniu

A. 1784.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional to Three Regiments of Foot, for the respective Times

undermentioned, in the Year 1783.

Numbers.

CHARGE.

Charge of Major General St. John's Regiment of Foot, from 2,5th December 1782 to 9th March 1783, both inclusive, being 75 Days, at £. 45. 9. 6 per

Diem....

Augmentation to D#, from 10th February 1783 to 9th March following, both inclusive, being 28 Days, at £-il. 8. 6 per Diem -

Charge of One Company for recruiting the said Corps, from 25th December 1782 to 24th December 1783, both inclusive, being 365 Days, at £.3. 11. 0 per Diem -

Charge of Augmentation to Lieut. General

Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1782 to 23d February 1783, both inclusive, at £. 5. 8. 4 per Diem, being 61 Days -

General TrapautTs Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1782 to 10th March 1783, both inclusive, being 76 Days, at £.43. 2. 10 per Diem -Augmentation to D#, from 10th February 1783 to 10th March following, both inclusive, being 29 Days, at £.13. 15. 2 per Diem -

Charge of One Company for recruiting the said Corps, from 25th December 1782 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 365 Days, at £.3. 8. 0 per Diem - -

Charge of 1 Captain and 1 Ensign en Second, at 135. 8 per Diem, for the same Time -

Total -

To which may be applied the following Sums:

Voted for the Year 1783, for Major Gen1 St. John's Regiment ——

for General

Saving to the Public on the above Corps


847 - - 3,410 12 6

321 * 319 18 —

54 1,222 1,295 15 —

5,026 5 6

- - 150 - 330 8 4

837 - - 3,278 15 4

33i - - 398 19 10

52 " - 1,241

2 249 8 4

5,168 3 6

2,594 - £.10,524 17 4

901 O O 5,932 — 6

88l 1,782 5,623 9 6

n,555 10 —

812 - £.1,030 12 8

War Office, 18th June 1784.

.A

Geo. Yonge.

24 Geo. Ill

18° Junii

237

E S TIM A T E of the Charge of several Corps of Foot, to the respective Times of their being disbanded

during the Year 1783.

Major General Murray's late Regiment of Foot, from 25th April 1783 to 8th May following,

both inclusive, being 14 Days - - - ....

Major General Scott's, for the same Time -

Major General Gordons, from 25th April 1783 to 13th May following, both inclusive, being 19 Days - - - - *

Colonel North's Corps, from 25th April 1783 to 10th May following, both inclusive, being 16 Days ——

Duke of Buccleugh's Regiment of Fencibles, from 25th March 1783 to 1st April following, both inclusive, being 8 Days -

Duke of Gordon's, from 25th March 1783 to 12th April following, both inclusive, being 19 Days - - - .

Sir James Campbell's D#, from 25th March 1783 to 14th April following, both inclusive, being 21 Days ——

Colonel fYemyss's D°, from 25th March 1783 to 8th May following, both inclusive, being

45 Days....

Detachment of Lieutenant Colonel Donkin's Corps of Foot, from 23th October 1783 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 61 Days - -

Total -

CHARGE.

£ s. d.

807 2 — *

807 2 —

1,095 7 —

335 i 4

.461 4 —

1,095 7 —

1,210 *3 —

2,594 5 —

1,415 14 2

9,821 15 6

War Office,

18th June 1784. Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Officers serving with the Forces in North America and the West Indies, for the Year 1784.

The Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December following, both Days inclusive, being 366 Days

£ d. 6,291 7 "

Towards which may be applied the Sum included in the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, for Officers serving with the Forces in North America ——

Remains to be provided for - -

t,733 to — 4,557 17 —

a

War Office,

18th June 1784* Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 40.

A. 1784.

Ways and Means.

aj8 18° — ii"

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers,

for the Year 1784.

Number. RANK of their late HUSBANDS. Rate of Pension. CHARGE. Total.

32 Widows of Colonels, each - £ 50 £ 1,600 — —

30 Of Lieutenant Colonels, each ... - 40 1,200 —

25 Majors, each - 30 75O — _

171 Captains, each ---- 26 4,446 — —

220 Lieutenants, each ---- 20 4,400 — —

*53 Ensigns, &c\ &c\ &c\ &c\ &c\ &c\ &c\ each - 16 2,448 — —

1 Physician’s Widow - - - 30 30 — —

632 Total of Pensions 1784 - - £ 14,874 —

On Account for the Pensions of such Widows as may be added to the Establishment before the 25th December next - 1,200 — —

The Amount of 12d. in the Pound, allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated - - 743 14 —

Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per Annum - - 100 -r- —

Fees to the Auditors on passing the Annual Account - 82 10 —

In all - - - Ci7»°oo 4 —

Sums applicable towards the above Expence; viz*. Voted on the Estimate for Guards and Garrisons for 1784 L‘ 2,993 3 6

Deductions on the Pay of Marine Corps - r 808 19 4

1 Remains to be provided for - - £. 3,802 2 JO 13,198 1 2

-ZV1 J3. The N° 153, above mentioned, includes the Widows of Cornets,

Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, Surgeons, and of the Solicitors to the Foot Guards, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of Ensigns Widows.

War Office,

18th June 1784. Geo. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 21* die Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Alford, kc.

Powers of an Act, made in me Fifth Year of Hoad* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, " in the County of Lincoln," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Woodstock,

&c. Roads.

Totnes, &c. Roads.

IJanegwad

Roads.

Gloucester Gaol, &c,

24 Geo. III. 21° Junii.

239

Majesty, intituled, "An Act , for repairing and widening " the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to " Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln"

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enslow Bridge, to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr., Page, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Earl of Lisburne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put into Execution an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening several " Roads leading from or near the North End of the l< Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of " Devon," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

A Member present informed the Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded'in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon: And that the Earl of Lisburne, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, and Mr. Henry Phipps, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Meeting House in the Parish of Llanegxvad', to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from Dan-yr-A!lt in the said Parish of Llanegwad, to Pont-y-Berem in the Parish of Llangendeirne, in the County of Carmarthen was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Mansell, Mr. Johnes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: WLere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 40.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Sir George Paul, Baronet, being examined, said, That the Common Gaol, and also the several Bridewells, for the County of Gloucester, arc too small for the Occasions of the County, very inconvenient, and much out of Repair; and that it is absolutely necessary, for the safe Custody of Persons who may be committed thereto respectively, that a New Gaol and some additional Bridewells should be built, and that proper Rules should be established for the Government and Regulation thereof.

Mr. William Blackburn being then examined, said,

He made a compleat Survey of the said Gaol and present Bridewells, and confirmed the Whole of the foregoing Evidence of Sir George Paul.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a New Gaol, and several New Bridewells, in the County of Gloucester, and for the due Regulation and Management of such Gaol, and of the Bridewells in the said County: And that Mr. Berkeley and Mr. Masters do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Order, Plymouth, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Koada. Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, through Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County; for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Insolvent resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Debtors, the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Customs, &c. Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage " and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable " upon Merchandize exported and imported,*’ might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in His Majesty’s Customs," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; u for continuing, amending, and making perpetual,

" an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" "An Act for the better securing and encouraging " the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America;" for applying the Produce of such Duties, and " of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act, made in the " Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles " the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades,

" and for the better securing the Plantation Trade;"

" and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks " on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectu-" ally preventing the clandestine Conveyance of

" Goods

240

2i0 Junit. 4- 1784.

<c Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade " between the same and Great Britain" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Nwnham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Neienham reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Birmingham A Petition of Richard Mee, Esquire, on Behalf of Navigation, himself and several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Mines of Coal and other Minerals in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, situate near to the Navigable Canal and Cuts authorized to be made, by an Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherlcy, and to several Coal Mines therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigable Canal and Cuts with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorized, by an Act passed in the Twenty* third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley, and for consolidating their Shares, and amending the said last mentioned Act; and that the Petitioner apprehends it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to him, and to several other Owners and Proprietors of Mines situate near to the Navigable Canal and Cuts authorized to be made by the said first-mentioned Act, if they were authorized to make and maintain proper Railways, or other Roads and Communications from their said Mines to and with the said Canal and Cuts: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making such Railways or other Roads and Communications as aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorized, by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilstone and Autherley, with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorized, by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley, and for consolidating their Shares, and amending the said last mentioned Act, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

for the Borough of Midshally otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Christopher Hazekins, Esquire, is duly returned a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midshally otherwise Mitchelly in the County of Cornwall:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Christopher Hawkins, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament lor the said Borough.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend , this House, immediately, with the last Return for the Borough of Midshally otherw ise Mitchell\ in the County of Cornwall, and amend the same, by rasing out the Name of Roger Wilbraham, Esquire, and what relates to him in the said Return, and by making such other Alterations as are proper in consequence thereof.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties oa Account of the Total Number of Houses in England, Hou6eB* Wales, and Scotland, charged or chargeable with the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights; as also, of the Total Number of Cottages charged or discharged on Appeals, or exempt from Payment of the Duty by reason of Poverty, for the Year 1781.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Net Produce of the Customs on Tea, for Tea# Five Years, ending the 5th Day of January 1784.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Account of the Net Produce of the Inland Duties oi>

Tea, for Five Years, ending the 5th Day of July 1783, distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Robinson, from Ditto, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing the Amount of the Net Income of the Duties of Customs paid on Teas for Five Years, ended the 5th January 1784; distinguishing the Amount in each Year, and the Sum carried in each Year to the respective Subsidies to which the same is applicable, according to the several Acts of Parliament for granting and appropriating the said Subsidies.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Midshall Sir Richard Hill, from the Select Committee who Election. were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Roger Wilbraham, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Hawkins, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the Borough of Midshall, otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Roger Wilbraham, Esquire, is not duly returned a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament

The House being informed that Mr. Naish, from the Duties on Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was Houses, called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Number ,of Houses in England, Wales, and Scotland, charged or chargeable with the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights; as also, of the Total Number of Cottages charged or discharged on Appeals, or exempt from Payment of the Duty by reason of Poverty, for the Year 1781.

And

24 Geo. III. 210 Junii. .241

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred and One thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds, and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million One hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Inverness, The. Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac-&c.Election, cording to the Order of Friday last, produced the Indenture of Return of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Inverness, Nairn, Forres,. and Fortrose; and informed the House, that the same was tendered to him on Friday Morning last by Sir Hector Munro, Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, who Appears to be the Burgess returned by the said Indenture of Return, which he refused to receive at that Time; and that the said Indenture of Return had been again tendered to him by Mr. David Ross.

And the said Mr. David Ross being called in to the Bar, and the said Indenture of Return being shewn to him, he informed the House, that he received the same from Sir Hector Munro, and carried it to the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, at the Desire of Sir Hector Munro.

And then he withdrew.

And the House being informed that Mr. John Rose attended at the Door, who could give the House some Information with respect to the said Indenture of ‘Return; he was called in to the Bar; add ‘the' said Indenture of Return being shewn ta him, he acquainted the House, That he knows the Hand-writing of George Abercrombie, Esquire, Sheriff Depute3 of the Shire of Elgin, having often seen' him write; and thkt the Name " George Abercrombie" signed to the said Indenture of Return, is of his the said Mr. Abercrombie's Hand-writing

And Mr. Rose also acquainted the House, That he was present at' the Election for the said District of Burghs; and that the said Electirin was Unanimous iti Favour of Sir Hector Munro, there bfcing no other Candidate proposed; and that the Said1 Indenture of Return was; after the same had been executed, delivered to Major Munro, ’the delegate for the Burgh of Nairn, to-be by bim conveyed to Sir Heritor Muni'o. Vol. 40.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Indenture of Return was delivered in at the Table, and read, and appeared to lje executed by George Abercrombie, D. S. and William Dunbar, Cik.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do accept the said Indenture of Return, and do annex the same to the Writ for the Shire of Elgin.

Ordered, That George Abercrombie, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Elgin, do attend this House upon this Day Month.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners of His Dixon’s Debt Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the to the Crown. Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Prevention of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Smuggling, the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was. directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of: the Laws made lo prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Salford, &c. Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, Roads-made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads, leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; foj* making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called The South Sea, in Pend/eoury, to Agccrcft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersall Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County, is committed.

Resolved, That this House wijl riot, in this Session of Election Parliament, take into Consideration any of the Petitions Petitions.

3 Q presented

2i° — ^22° Junih

A. 1784.

presented to this House, complaining of an uridue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament, which are appointed to be heard, after the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having a Right, and Persons claiming a Right, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Harford, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City.

Account of Ordered, That such a* Number of Copies of the Ac-

House Duty, count of the Total Number of Houses in England', to be printed. and Scotland, charged or chargeable with the Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights; as also of the Total Number Of Cottages charged or discharged on Appeals, or exempt from Payment of the Duty by Reason of Poverty, for the Year 1781 (which was this Day presented to the House) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Account of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Accustoms on count, shewing the Amount of the Net Income of the Tea,*to be Duties of Customs paid on Teas, for Five Years, printed. ended the 5th January 1784; distinguishing the Amount in each Year, and the Sum carried in each Year to the respective Subsidies to which the same is applicable, according to the several Acts of Parliament for granting and appropriating the said Subsidies (which Wafc this Day presented to the House) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Wa s and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Means!° Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 22* die Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIItU Regis, 17^4. Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Right honourable Robert Henley Otigley, Lord Ongley in the Kingdom of Ireland, complaining of an undue Return for the County of Beds tird, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attehdance of the Members on the Business of the House.

Ahd he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Sixty-eight Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents On both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Ddor of £he House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order Of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

Arid the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then

Bedford

Election,

drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House:

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Nine,; on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Five, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees;

Five, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; and One, on Account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete, the Counsel for the Petitioner named the Lord Mulgrerve, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member named the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Lower Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons or Waste Bnules Lands, within the Parish Of Lower BraUes, in the lncosure* County of Warwick, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Laxvley, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to Wool-whom the Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds combiDS* and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing’ Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk,

Was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the '

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Uoberi iareley repotted from the Committee, to Birmingham whom the Bill for incorporating the Company of Pro- Navigation, prietore of a (^nal Navigation, authorized by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to be: made from Birmingham to Bitstone and Antherky, with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, author rized by an Act,: passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley, and for consolidating their Shares, and amending the said last mentioned Act, was committed} and to whom the Petition of Richard

Mee, Esquire, on Behalf of himself and several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Mines of Coal and other Minerals, in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, situate near to the Navigable Cauaji and Cuts authorized to be made, by an Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

2 from

24 Geo. III. 22Q Jwiii. $43

From Birmingham to Bihtone, and from thence to Au+ ' thet'ley> and to several Coal Mines therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and made Provision accordingly; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given, their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question ‘severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Onkredy That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Totn«s The Earl of Lwburm presented to the House, ac-

Hoads, cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second Time.

Custom on Mr. Alderman Nextmkam, according to Order, re-AlkosGoodi. ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, " A Subsidy granted to the King, " of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Mo-4i ney payable upon Merchandize exported and imported;" and also, of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for prevent-1 " ing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in His Ma-

t( josty'a Customs and also, of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for " continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an u Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his u late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " u An Act for the better securing and encouraging . " the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Awe-t( rica;" for applying* the Produce of such Duties, u and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, u towards defraying the Expences of defending, pro-u tecting, and securing the said Colonies and Planta-u tions; for explaining an Act, made in the Twenty -€t fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, u intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the u Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better ic securing the Plantation Trade;" and for altering u and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from " this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the tc clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the " said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and <{ securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; ’ That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from, The Mediterranean Seas, in unqualified Ships, and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts, that po Part of the Old Subsidy shall he drawn Jback upon Goods exported to the British Colonies cur Plantations io Am&'ioaL 0 WO L| 40.

And Mr. AMeruiat* Hemkmwovgd tty Pops*

accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave ty. given to tying ty a Bjl} to discontinue the Petty Custom on tylien§ Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from,

Mediterranean Sea’s, in unqualified Ships; and for r$T pealing so much of an Act, passed, in thp Fourth Year of the Reign of his present. Majesty, a, enacts, that 00 Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn hack upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America: And that Mr. Aldenpup Itfeqiifhqm, Mr.

Eden, and Mr. Brkkdfik, do prepare* ofld tying in, the same.

Mr. Penrnddocke reported from the Committee, to Sheppard's whom the Bill for completing and keeping in Repair Shord Roads, the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and The Devizes, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of to Rowd Ford, in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing the Road from the Top of Reel Hone to Stert Stone, in the said County of Wilts, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dir rected him to report to the House; and hie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendiments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by Oneand, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ty ingrossed.

A Bill for providing a Workhouse within the Parish Christ of Christ Church, in the County of Middles&v, and for MidSesex raising Money for that Purpose, and to discharge p0(ft. ’ Debts already contracted on Account of the Poor, and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer, of thf same Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr, P<jy-ruddoche, Sir Herbert Maehoorih, &c.: And they am to meet this Afternoon, at , Five of the Clock, in tty Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of John Kingswinford Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, Lord of the Man°r Inc!°sur?; of Kingswinford, in the County of and the

humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within tty said Manor and Parish, on Behalf of themselves and tty rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the same Manor and Parish, which was presented to tty House upon tty jt|th Pay of ttys In- stant June, might he again read,

And the same was mad accordingly,

Tty House was also moved, Ttyt the Order maty? upon tty said ,u th Day of ithis Ipstant Jane, for referring tty ;said Petition to the Consideration ,of a Committee, might ty j-eud.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order ty distym ged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to tying in..a Bill, pursuant to tty Prayer of the said, Petition; And that Sir John IVvottesley and Sir Edvard do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

The House twaS JBOivel^.fltytrtty ?$ttyop of fyhn Dudley

Lord luctyjj®.

West India Produce.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Duties on Tea.

Exefte

Duties.

Custom Duties on Tea.

Excise Duties on Tea.

12° Junii.

A. 1784.

Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward\ Lord of the Manor of the Borough and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and the humble Petition of Joseph Cartwright, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish of Dudley, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Burgages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor and Parish, on Behalf of themselves, and the Test of the Owners and Proprietors of Burgages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Manor Nand Parish, which was presented to the House upon the 11 th Day of this Instant June, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order made upon the said 1 lth Day of this Instant June, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Wrottesley, Sir Edward Littleton, and Mr. Edward Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Rum, and other West India Produce, exported from Jamaica, and every other West India Island now belonging to Great Britain, for Five Years, commencing the 1st of January 1770, and ending on the 31st December 1774; expressing the Quantity exported in each Year, the Islands whence exported, and the Places where sent.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Rum, and other West India Produce, imported from Jamaica, and every other Island in the West Indies now belonging to Great Britain, into all the Colonies in North America now under the Government of the United States, for Five Years, commencing the 1st of January 1770, and ending on the 31st December 1774; expressing the Quantity imported in each Year, and the Islands imported from.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all West India Rum, and other West India Produce, exported from all the Colonies in North America now under the Government of the United States, for Five Years, commencing on the 1st January 1770, and ending on the 31st December 1774; expressing the Quantity exported in each Year, the Ports whence exported, and the Places where sent.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties on Tea, carried to the Additional Subsidies granted by thd Acts of the 19th, 20th, 21st, and 22d Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, from their respective Commencements to the 5th Day of January 1784; distinguishing each Year.

... i j

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Excise Duties granted as Part of the Funds, for Payment of Annuities established by the Acts of the 19th, 20th, 21st, and 22d Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, from the respective Times of their Commencement to the 5th Day of January 1784; distinguishing each Yeah

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the Net Sums carried to the several distinct1 Subsidies, to which the Duties* of Customs on Tea are applicable, for Ten Years, eikled the 5th Day of January 1781; with a Medium of the same.

Ordered, That there laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Excise on Tea, for Ten Years, ended the 5th Day of January 1781; with a Medium of the same. ‘

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Oak Bark. Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of " Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark " shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Mr. Eden reported from the Select Committee, to East India whom the Report of the Court of Directors of the Affairs. United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in Obedience to an Order of the honourable the House of Commons, dated 23d January 1784; and also, the Report of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, containing such further Information as has been received since making up their Report presented to the House on the 16th of February last, were referred; and who were directed to examine the several Articles and Matters contained therein, and to report the same, with their Observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall bb sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The House, being informed, that Mr. Morris^ from Duties on the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door ,' Tea. he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Inland Duties on Tea, for Five Years, ending 5th July 1783; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account vras read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused ;by the Members of the House. ' 1

The said Account is preserved amongst the 1 other Papers of this Session. ' ' .

The Order of the Day being read* for the House to M.mufac-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,tones in upon the Bill for explaining’ certain Acts of the Parlia- Scotland-ment of Scotland, concerning Manufactories, and for’ extinguishing the Claims* made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories, called the Rope: and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions Jfrbm Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in, a Bill postConvey-for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Race to Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by Ireland*

the

24 Geo. III. 22° Junii. % ^45

the Post, between Great Britain and Ireland: And that Mr. Orde and Mr. Henry Dun das do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Duties on Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the 1 iouses and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

ea* ferred to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Ilobsc; which he read

in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties of Customs and Excise payable upon Tea do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, ad Valorem, be paid upon the Importation of all Bohea Tea into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-five Pounds per Centum, ad Valorem, be paid upon the Importation of all Souchong and Pekoe Tea into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty Pounds per Centum, ad Valorem, be paid upon the Importation of all Singlo Tea into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Centum, ad Valorem, be paid upon the Importation of all Hyson Tea into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Forty Pounds per Centum, ad Valorem, be paid upon the Importation of all Congou Tea into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for and upon every Dwelling House, inhabited, which now is, or hereafter shall be, erected within the Kingdom of Great Britain, having less than Seven Windows or Lights, and which is now subject to the Duty of Three Shillings, there be charged the additional Yearly Sum of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Six Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eight Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Eight Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Nine Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sgm of Ten Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ten Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Thirteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Eleven Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vol. 40.

That, for evfcry Dwelling House inhabited or to be Duties on inhabited, within the'Kingdom of Great Britain, which Houses and shall contain Twelve Windows or Lights, and no more, Tea* there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Eighteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Thirteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of One Pound One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fourteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of One Pound Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Fifteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Sixteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of One Pound Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, for every Dwelling House; inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Seventeen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britam, which shall contain Eighteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Pounds Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Nineteen Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-one Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Three Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-two Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Three Pounds Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-three Windows or Lights, and no more, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Three Pounds Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Twenty-lour Windows or Lights, and no 3 R more,

4<$ 'to? Juniu 1784.

Duties on more, there shall pajj tjje additional Yearly Sum of shall contain Seventy*five tVindows or Lights, and shall

Howes and Three poun(js Fifteen Shillings. not contain more than Seventy-nine Windows or Lights,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Nine

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be Pounds.

inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is . the Opinion of this Committee, shall contain Twenty-five Windows 01* Lights, and shall That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be

hot contain more than Twenty-nine Windows or Lights, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which

there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Four shall contain Eighty Windows or Lights, and shall not

Pounds. contain more than Eighty-four Windows or Lights, there

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Nine Pounds

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be Ten Shillings.

inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall contain Thirty Windows or Lights, and shall not That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be Contain more than Thirty-four Windows or Lights, there inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Four Pounds shall contain Eighty-five Windows or Lights, and shall Ten Shillings. not contain more than Eighty-nine Windows or Lights,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Ten That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be Pounds.

inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall contain Thirty-five Windows or Lights, and shall That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be not contain more than Thirty-nine Windows or Lights, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Five shall contain Ninety Windows or Lights, and shall not Pounds. contain more than Ninety-four Windows or Lights, there

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall he paid the additional Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be Ten Shillings.

inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall contain Forty Windows or Lights, and shall not That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be

Contain more than Forty-four Windows or Lights, there inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Five Pounds shall contain Ninety-five Windows or Lights, and shall Ten Shillings* not contain more than Ninety-nine Windows or Lights,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Eleven That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be Pounds.

inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Shall contain Forty-five Windows or Lights, and shall That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be not contain more than Forty-nine Windows or Lights, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which

there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Six shall contain One hundred Windows or Lights, and shall

Pounds. not contain more than One hundred and Nine Windows

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be of Twelve Pounds.

inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall contain Fifty Windows or Lights, and shall not That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be

contain more than Fifty-four Windows or Lights, there inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Six Pounds shall contain One hundred and Ten Windows or Lights, Ten Shillings. and shall not contain more than One hundred and Nine-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, teen Window s or Lights, there shall be paid the additional That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be Yearly Sum of Thirteen Pounds, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall contain Fifty-five Windows or Lights, and shall That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be

not contain more than Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which

there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Seven shall contain One hundred and Twenty Windows or Pounds. Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Twenty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Fourteen Pounds, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which llesolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall contain Sixty Windows or Lights, and shall not That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be

contain more than Sixty-four Windows or Lights, there inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which

Shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Seven Pounds shall contain One hundred and Thirty Window s or Ten Shillings. Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Thirty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be the additional Yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

shall contain Sixty-five Windows o*r Lights, and shall That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be

not contain more than Sixty-nine Windows or Lights, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which

there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Eight shall contain One hundred and Forty Windows or Pounds. Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Forty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be the additional Yearly Sum of Sixteen Pounds, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Shall contain Seventy Windows or Lights, and shall not That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be contain more than Seventy-four Windows or Lights, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Eight shall contain One hundred and Fifty Windows or Pounds Ten Shillings. Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Fifty-nine Windows or Lights, there shall be paid That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be the additional Yearly Sum of Seventeen Pounds, inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

9 That,

24 Geo. ill. b'f — -230 Juniu. $47

That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain,. which shall contain One hundred and Sixty Win-? dows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Sixty-nine Windows or Lights* there shall be paid the Additional Yearly Sum of Eighteen Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Seventy Windows or Lights, and shall not contain more than One hundred and Seventy-nine Windows Or Lights, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Slim of Nineteen Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Dwelling House, inhabited or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of (Great Britain, which shall contain One hundred and Eighty Windows or Lights, and upwards, there shall be paid the additional Yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham^ Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bedford The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Election. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Lord Mulgrave, and the Right honourable Thomas Pelham, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Thomas Kemp, Esquire, Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, John Macbride, Esquire, the honourable John Jefferies Pratt, the honourable John Eliot, Richard Aldworth Neville, ‘ Esquire, the honourable John Leve* son Gower, George Bridges Brudenell, Esquire, Paul Orchard, Esquire, Edward Phelips, Esquire, Gerard Noel Edwards, Esquire, Sir Edward Littleton, Baronet, the honourable John Charles Villiers, the Lord Mulgrave, the Right honourable Thomas Pelham.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the Petition of the Right honourable Robert Henley Ongley, Lord Ongley in the Kingdom of Ireland, now taken into Consider ration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on jboth Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber, appointed for bearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

[ Bridgewater The House being informed that Sir Gilbert Elliot,

1 ection* Baronet, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bndgexvater, in the County of Somerset, desires to withdraw his said Petition;

v The House being also informed, that the several Persons, legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, w ho have petitioned this House, likewise complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

And a Motion being made, That the said Petitioners have Leave to withdraw their said several Petitions;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Auction be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Vol. 40.

The House was moved, Tl*at tb$ several Qfder4 made upon the 25th Day of May las.t, and the 7th (>4)5 of this Instant June, for taking into Consideration upon Thursday next, the Petition of Sir Gilbert Elliot\ Baronet; and also, the Petition of the Personji Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of thfcnv* selves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Bcirough of Bridgetvqter, id the County of Somerset, severally Complaining of ap undue Election and Return for the said Borough^ qngbt be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken intq Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Pay of this Instant June, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to ti\e Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for more effectually preventing Wool-Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons em- combing, ployed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Stjffqlk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bi}l to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lewis reported from the Committee, to whom Radnor, A* the Petition of several of the Trustee^ appointed to Roads, put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, repairing,

" and widening several Roads in the Counties of " Radnor and Herefordwas referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Ordere of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which has been applied according to the Directions of the said Act — That the Sum of £. 7,000 and upwards now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the said Act he further continued — That the Roads leading from Gladestry to Whitney Bridge, leading through the Parish of Brilley in the said County of Herejord, and from Whitney Bridge aforesaid, by Brilley Mountain, to where the Kington Turnpike ends; from Presteigne, by Gravesend or Liandewy, to Rayader; from Rayader to the River 'fwalocji, in the Road to Llanidloes; from Walton, by Kuill Lime Rocks, to the Blacksmiths Shop at

248 23° JuntL 1784.

and from Knill aforesaid to Rushock; from Knighton f to Valindrcy, in the Road* to Newtown and Llanidloes; from Rayader to the upper Bridge upon Elian, and from the said Bridge to the River Nalatog in the Road to Cwmystwith; and also from the said Bridge to the Confines of the County of Cardigan, leading to Rhosefair, are ruinous, narrow, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be repaired without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties: And that Mr. Lewis and Mr. Johnes do prepare, arid bring in, the same.

Blagdon Mr. Pkelips reported from the Committee, to whom Jnclvsure. the gj[j for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands, who are assessed to the Land Tax at about £. 3. 7 s, idper Annum, who had been written to, but had returned no Answer; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed at about £. 16. 9$. 8 d. who refused to Tsign the Bill; and that the whole of the Proprietors, having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, are assessed to the Land Tax at the Annual Value of about £. 137. 4s. lid.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Elrington An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting Part of inclosure. the Town Fields, and the whole of the Tow n Green, of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumbaiand, w as read the Third Time.

Reselved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting Part of the Town Fields, and the Whole of the Town Green, of Elrington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duty on A Petition of Richard Bush, of London, Merchant, Barley was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

imported. That, in November, 1782, One hundred and Eight

Quarters and Three Bushels of Barley were imported into the Port of London from Ostaid, in a Vessel called The Good Fortune, and, in December 1782, Three hundred and Fifty Quarters of Barley were imported into the Port of London from Ostend, in a Vessel called The Two Good Brothers; and that the said several Parcels of Barley could not, at the Times of Importation,

be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Low Duties, and certain Bonds, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, were entered into by the Petitioner, to whom the said Barley was consigned,

for Pay merit of the High Duties for the said Parcels of Barley, until Application should be made to Parliament for Liberty to admit the same to be entered upon Payment of the Low Duties: And, that as the said Importation was greatly for the Benefit of the Public at a Time when there was a great Scarcity of Barley in this Kingdom, therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill now depending in the House, to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland to cancel Bonds given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned, to direct the Commissioners of the Customs to order the Low Duties to be taken for the said Parcels of Barley, and to order the Bonds given for Payment of the High Duties to be cancelled.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Ord, 8cc.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the SoMieratd Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- exercise tituled, " An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners,

" and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the Twenty-second " Year of His late Majesty King George the Second,

" to exercise Trades," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to exercise Trades: And that Sir James Johnstone,

Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Secretary at War, and the Lord Mulgrave, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for completing and keeping in Sheppard's Repair the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Shord Hoads the Devizes, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of Urshfont, to Rowd Ford, in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and fojr repairing the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone, in the said County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for completing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Rowd Ford, through the Devizes Market Place, to Sheppard's Shord, and from the East End of Devizes to the Top of Red Hone, in the County of Wilts', and for changing and altering Part of the said Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Morris, from Excise the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he Duties on was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Tea* pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Excise Duties on Tea, for Ten Years, ended 5th July 1781; with a Medium of the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the gaid Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Account of count of the Net Produce of the Inland Duties on Duties on

-Is

ir-

id

24 Geo. III.

ifjunii.

249

Sheffield

Market.

IC& -

so.

Frampton

Inclosure.

Shrewsbury

Poor.

British

Fisheries.

Tea for Five Years, ending 5th July 1783, distinguishing each Year, which was Yesterday presented to the House, he printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Markets, within the Town of Sheffield\ in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Mar* ket Place; and for taking down the present Slaughter Houses within’ the said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ord&'ed\ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and WasteGrounds, within the Parishot Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The Reaches, Marsh and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold. the Lord Arden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Sabp, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, Navigation, and Commerce, and into the most effectual Means for their Relief, Improvement, and Extension; and report the same, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Navigation " and Commerce," and also the Word " Relief."

And the Question being put, That the Words " Navigation and Commerce" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word u Relief" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to en-Vol. 40.

quire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension; and report the same, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dempster

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bullen, Mr.

Aubrey, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Marquis of Graham, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Hu&sey, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Eden, the Lord Newhaven, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh, the Lord Mahon, Sir Peter Burrell, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Villiers, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Cotsford, Mr. Rolle, Sir James Johnston Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Ord, Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Newnham, Mr. Milnes, Sir Watkin Lewes, the Lord Gallway, Mr. Brickdale, Mr.

Cruger, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Brandling,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, the Lord Penryhn; and all the Members who serve for North Britain, and for the Counties of Northumber* land, Durham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex,

Kent, Sussex, Hants, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, Carnarvon, Anglesea, Flint, Denbigh, Chester, Lancaster, Westmoreland, and Cumberland; and all the Sea Officers and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Smuggling. House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Duties on List of the Persons in England, who have paid the Duty Carriages, upon Carriages liable to Excise Duty, for the Years ending the 5th July 1781, 1782, and 1783; distinguish- ing each Year, and mentioning the Places of Abode, together with the Number of Carriages for which each Person has paid the said Duty; the Whole to be placed Alphabetically.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Duty on List of the Persons in England who have paid the Duty Servants, upon their Servants, since that Duty has been placed under the Collection of the Excise, for the Years ending the 5th July 1781, 1782, and 1783; distinguishing each Year, and mentioning the Places of Abode, together with the Number of Servants for which each Person has paid the said Duty; the Whole to be placed Alphabetically.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Personsliable of the Names, in Alphabetical Order, of all Persons to Servant who, having at any Time, in 1781, 1782, and 1783, Duties.rmSft entered and paid Duty for their Servants or Carriages, subject to the Duty of Excise, have discontinued or neglected to make such Entries, together with an Account of what Proceedings have been had for the Prosecution of any such Persons; and also, an Account of what Proceedings are now depending against any other Persons, for neglecting to enter and pay Duty for their Servants and Carriages.

The House was moved. That the Report which, Phillips’s upon the 15th Day of this Instant June, was* made Provision from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Henry Preservation.

3 S Ph illips,

2?~$4° Jl. 1784.

Phillips, f &nighttbridge,>vm referred, might be again

read.

And itbe same was read accordingly.

The House was also (moved, That the Copy of a Letter from Captain Thomas ,of His Majesty’s Sloop The Racehorse, to the Commissioners of the Victualling, dated ,et Spit head,the 15th June 1784, respecting Experiments on Phillips's Powder, which was presented to the Honse upon Friday last, might be read.

toireportf when the Jioitse will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be ireoeived Ttwnorrotor Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the same being read accordingly A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, Withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive any Evidence that may be offered touching the Effects of the said Powder, and do report the same to the House.

Ordered, That-the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

PP'y- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Oajs Bark, The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging " the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty u payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the " Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for " a limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day bang read;

Manufac- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the *" whole House, upon the Bill for explaining certain Sco" ’ Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, concerning Manufactories; and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories, called the Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hunter Blair took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hunter Blair reported- from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, andi made several .» Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

Jovis, 24" die Junii;

Anno 24* Georgii III. U Regis, 1784.

Praters.

MR. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Sandall,&c.

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Indoiure. several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of -trope with Balby and Long Sandall, in the Soke of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Two Acres and Two Roods, who was not applied to; and also, except the Owner of One Common Right House, who could not be met with; and also, except the Proprietors of 72 Acres, and Two Common Right Houses, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure consists of upwards of 1,391 Acres, and there are 39 Common Right Houses; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir James Johnstone presented to the House, according Soldiers to to Order, a Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and exercise Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in Trades, the Marines, since the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to exercise Trades: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself Lever's into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Museum, enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

5

Mr.

'tie

Duty oo Ito, Barley imported.

)\r

uicktg.

Hast India Company's Dividend*

Ditto.

ut India Tain.

44 O Ed.III. Junii. 51

Mr. Whitbread reported from tfife' Committed, to whom the Petition of Richard Rush, of Lokim, Merchant, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said f*dtition, ^nd had directed him to report the same, as it ripperired to thenfi, to the House; arid lie read the Report ih his Pfece; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; arid is as followfeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of thfe skid PCtitibh, a Member present informed youf Committee', That, in the Month of November 1782, 138 Quarters and 3 Bushels of Bafley were imported toto the Port of London from OMend, iti a Vessel called The Good Fortune) and thkt; in December 1782, 350 Quarters of Barley were imported into the Port of London, in a Vessel called The Two Good Brothers — 1That the said Barley so imported could not, at the respective Times of Importation, be admitted to Eritry on Payment of the Ldvfr Duties, and certain Bonds, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, were entered into by the Petitioner, to whom the Barley was consigned, for Payment of the High Duties for the Same, until Application should be made to Parliament for Liberty to admit the same to be entered upon Payment of the Low Duties. — And the Member further 9aid, That the Importation was greatly for the Benefit of the Public, the same being at a Time when there was a great Scarcity of Barley in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs, in England and Scotland, to cancel Bonds given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to cancel certain Bonds, on Payment of the Low Duties for Two Parcels of Barley imported by Richard Bush, before the 25 th Day of December 1782.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the East India Company to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in^ the

Mr. Gilbert, fitcording to Order4, Reported from the Oak Bark. CohnfiHfieS df tKe wfiblfc House, to tfhom it Wa$ referred tb cbhsldSer* of an Act, matte in the Twelfth Year df thfe Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Leri-il ther, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Iaiportation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such " Bark Shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited " Time," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in hfe Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: T^here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ReSotced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain be revived.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for extending several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Ma^ nufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Blagdon Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Inclosure. Blagdon, iA the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Btagdon, in the County of Somei'set.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according Dudley to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- Inclosure, mons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

same. *

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to impower the East India Company to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resotoed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Governor Generals Letter to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated Fort William, the 16th of December 1783; and also, a Copy of the Inclosures which were received with the Letter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter from the Governor General and Council to the said Court of Directors, dated jFort William, the" 7th offebruary 1784.

Vol. 40.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according Kingswinford to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Inclosure. Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Cdriimbnkble Places, within the Manor arid Parish rif Kingswinf&rd, in the County oiStafford: And the same was received; and read the First* Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time!

A Petition of several of His Majesty's Justices of Stafford the Peace, acting in and for the County of Stafford, Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, in the last Session of Parliament, d Petition was presented to the House, signed by several Magistrates of the said County, stating, That the County Gaol at Stafford is greatly gone to Decay, and insufficient for the Security and Accommodation of Prisoners, and that the House of Correction at Stafford is insecure and incommodious; that the building of a new Gaol, and converting of the present Gaol into a House of Correction, would be a great Convenience to the County; that certain Sums of Money, which have; from Time to Time, been raised within the said County4for public Purposes, remained unapplied; and, praying for a Bill fbf building a nefw Gaol for the said County, purchasing Lands whereon to erect the sariie; coriverting the present Gaol into' a? House of Correct tion, and applying the said Money to' those Purposes; and that, on Account of the sudderi Dissolution of

Parliament,

Supply.

Ways and Means.

04 m,

Manufactories in Scotland.

if — %£ Junii.

A. 1784.

Phillips, flf Knightsbridge, #* referred, might be again read.

And (the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Copy of a Letter from Captain Thomas Wilson, of His Majesty’s Sloop The Racehorse, to the Commissioners of the Victualling, dated ,nt Spit head, 'the 15th June 1784, respecting Experiments on Phillips's Powder, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And the staid Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive any Evidence that may be offered touching the Effects of the said Powder, and do report the same to the House.

Ordered, That-the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resoloed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for encouraging " the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty " payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the " Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for " a limited Time."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, concerning Manufactories; and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories, called the Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hunter Blair took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hunter Blair reported, from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and' made several Amendments, thereunto; which they had directed him; 5

teiraport* when the Hodse will please 'to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned tRl Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 24* die Junii;

Anno 24’ Georgii III*U Regis, 1784.

Praters.

MR. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Sandall,4c.

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of ttvpe with Balby and Long Sandall, in the Soke of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of Two Acres and Two Roods, who was not applied to; and also, except the Owner of One Common Right House, who could not be met with; and also, except the Proprietors of 72 Acres, and Two Common Right Houses, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure consists of upwards of 1,391 Acres, and there are 39 Common Right Houses; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir James Johnstone presented to the House, according Soldiers to to Order, a Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and exercise Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in Trade*, the Marines, since the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to exercise Trades: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself Lever’s into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Museum, enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w’hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

44 Oe6. III. Junii. i 51

Duty on Mr. TVhitbi'tad reported frofri tftC Committee, to Barley im« whom the Petition of Richard Rusk, of London, Mer-chanty was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said J'dtitfori, knd had directed him to report the same, as it ripperired to them, to thfe House; arid he read the Report ih his Plrice; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; arid is as followfeth; viz.

to prove the Allegations tff thfe skid Petitibri, a Member present informed your Committee', That, in the Month of November 1782, 138 Quarters and 3 Bushels of Barley were imported into the Port of London from O&end, in a Vessel called The Good Fortune-, and that; in December 1782, 350 Quarters of Barley were imported into the Port of London, in h Vessel called The Two Good Brothers — That the said Barley so imported could not, at the respective Times of Importation, be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Lovfr Duties, and certain Bonds, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, were entered into by the Petitioner, to whom the Barley was consigned, fot Payment of the High Duties for the Same, until Application should be made to Parliament for Liberty to admit the same to be entered upon Payment of the Low Duties. — And the Member further said, That the Importation was greatly for the Benefit of the Public, the same being at a Time when there was a great Scarcity of Barley in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs, in E?igland and Scotland, to cancel Bonds given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned, is committed, That they have Power to receive [ a Clause to cancel certain Bonds, on Payment of

I the Low Duties for Two Parcels of Barley imported

I by Richard Bush, before the 25th Day of December

r 1782.

kt India Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Company's to impower the Rast India Company to make a Dividend. dend to the Proprietors of East India Stock at Mid-

summer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in; the same. *

ho. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the

House, according to Order, a Bill to impower the East India Company to make a Dividerid to the Proprietors of East India Stock at Midsummer, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

East India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a

Ifiairs. Copy of the Governor Generals Letter to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated Fort William, the 16th of December 1783; and also, a Copy of the Inclosures which were received with the Letter.

Ordered, I'hat there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter from the Governor General and Council to the said Court of Directors, dated For/ William, the' 7th offebruary 1784.

Vo x. 40.

Mr. Gilbert, fccording to Order, Reported from the Oak Bark. Cohnfiittied Of the whble House, to whom it Wa£ referred tb consider of an Act, rriadb in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Lek-u ther, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Irriportation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such u Brirk shall exceed a certairi Rate, for a limited " Time," the Resolution which the Committee had direfcted him to report to the House; which he read in his FlaCe, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the saine was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain be revived.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr Gilbert, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in the sard Bill, That they do make Provision therein for extending several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Ma*-nufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Blagdon Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Inclosure. Blagdon, in the County of Sohierset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somei'set.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according Dudley to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Com- Inclosure, mons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Wrottesley presented to the House, according Kingswinford to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Inclosure. Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and CorrimOnkble Places, within the Manor arid Parish Of Kingsivinfdrd, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the Fifst/Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time!

A Petition of several of His Majesty’s Justices of Stafford the Peace, acting in and for the County of Stafford, Gaol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, in the last Session of Parliament, d Petition was presented to the House, signed by several Magistrates of the said County, stating, That the County Gaol at Stafford is greatly gone to Decay, and insufficient for the Security and Accommodation of Prisoners, and that the House of Correction at Stafford is insecure and incommodious; that the building of a new Gaol, and converting of the present Gaol into a House of Correction, would be a great Convenience to the County; that certain Sums of Money, which have; from Time to Time, been raised within the said County'for public Purposes, remained unapplied; and, praying for a Bill fof biiilding a nefw Griol for the said County, purchasing Lands whereon to erect the same; converting the present Gaol into' a House of Correction, and applying the said Money to those Purposes; and that, on Account of the sudden Dissolution of

Parliament,

252 ^4° — 250 Junii. 1784.

Parliament, no Proceedings were had upon the said Petition, and the said Application was not renewed in this Session within the Time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills, because it was not at that Time ascertained that His Majesty’s Consent would be obtained to appropriate the Money, so raised as aforesaid and unapplied, to the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition, which Consent is required by a Standing Order of the House, previous to the receiving of any such Petition; and that the Petitioners have now obtained His Majesty’s Consent to apply the said unappropriated Money to the above-mentioned pressing Occasions of the said County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition, presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Stafford.

Then a Petition of certain of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of Stafford’ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to he presented to die House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the present County Gaol at Stafford is ill constructed, too small, greatly gone to Decay, and insufficient for the Security and Accommodation of Prisoners; and that the House of Correction at Stafford aforesaid, belonging to the said County, to which there is no Court or Outlet, is an insecure and incommodious Building, over a Gateway belonging to the Corporation of Stafford; and that the building of a new County Gaol, in a proper Situation, ana converting the present Gaol into a House of Correction, would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the said County; and that, in the Year 1771, the Sum of £.2,200 was raised on the Inhabitants of a Part of the said County, as a Forfeiture for not raising the Militia, and is now in the Hands of the Receiver General of the said County, and, in the Year 1775, the Sum of £.1,125. ni. tild. was raised in the same Manner, on the like Account, and is now in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County: _And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a new County Gaol for the said County of Stafford, purchasing Lands whereon to erect the same, converting the present Gaol into a House of Correction, and applying the Sums of Money above mentioned towards those Purposes, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as the House shall judge necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John JVrottesley, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices*

Plate Glass The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Manuiac- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennightj resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Prevention of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Smuggling, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Camelford to the (Jerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Jonathan Phillipps, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough9 and Bonenham9 in the County of Buckingham.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Manufkc. the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining " certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, concerning 0 a Manufactories; and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories, called the Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25° die Junii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Half Pay suant to their Address to His Majesty, Officers.

List of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1784.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

List of Reduced Officers, late in the Service of the States General, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1784.

And the Titles of the said Lists were read.

The said Lists are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the Electio« House of Monday last, " That this House will not, Petition*. " in this Session of Parliament, take into Consideration any of the Petitions presented to this House,

" complaining of an undue Election or Return of u Members to serve in Parliament, which are appointed " to be heard after the Petition of the Persons, whose " Names are thereunto subscribed, having a Right,

" and Persons claiming a Right, to vote for Members " to serve in Parliament for the City of Hereford>

" complaining of an undue Election and Return for the ?c said City," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House was moved, That the several Orders

appointing

sePi*

use,

the

ted

>ay

At (fa* or WnL r-)f

e

Mua

tonesj

Scotki

24 Geo. III. 25 ° Junii.253

appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Cunning- Election several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and ham Vickry, Noah Cartwright, John Youlden, Henry Petitions. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the Gale, Joseph Harris, Hemy Jolt, William Jolt, John

Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset; for Lane, John Limebear, William JVeches, Edward Pal-

the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon; tridge, Thomas Earle, and Thomas Gliddon, Electors of for the Borough ot Penryn, in the County of Cornwall; Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of for the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall, JVick, Dor- Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, in Behalf of them-noch. Tain, and Dingwall, in Scotland; for the Bo- selves and many other Electors of the same Borough, rough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall; for the severally complaining of an undue Election and Return

Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon; for for the said Borough, be taken into Corisideration upon

the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; for Friday the 27th Day of August next, at Three of the the County of Middlesex; for the Borough of Lan- Clock in the Afternoon.

caster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for the Ordered, That the Petition of John JValker Heneage Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lan- and Robert Nicholas,' Esquires; and also, the Petition caster; for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Vo-Corrrwall; for the Borough of IVotton Basset, in the ters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the County of Wilts; for the Borough of Liverpool, in the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, severally County Palatine of Lancaster; for the Borough of complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Newport, in the Isle of Wight; for the District of said Borough, betaken into Consideration upon Friday Boroughs of Kilrenny, Anstruther-Easter, Anstruther- the 27th Day of August next, at Four of the Clock in Wester, Pittenweem, and Craill; and for the District of the Afternoon.

Boroughs of Queensferry, Stirling, Inverkeithing. Dun- Ordered, That the Petition of George Byng, Esquire,

fermline, and Culross, might be read. complaining of an undue Election and Return for the

And the said Orders being severally read accord- County of Middlesex, be taken into Consideration upon inglv, the same were, on the Question being severally Saturday the 28th Day of August next, at Ten of the put thereupon, ordered to be discharged. Clock in the Forenoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Wood, Esquire, Ordered, That the Petition of John Lowther, Es- and John Cat or, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the quire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Free-scribed, being resident Freemen and resident Free- men of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine holders of and in the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Members County of Dorset, having a Right to vote in the Elec- to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally tion of Members to serve in Parliament for the said complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Con- the 28th Day of August next, at Eleven of the Clock in sideration upon Friday the 27th Day of August next, at the Forenoon.

Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon. Ordered, That the Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Ralph Payne, and Ralph Clayton, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath; several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also, the Petition of John Tonkin, of the Borough being Inn Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, Gentleman, of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Bo-Jolm Winsor, of Ashburton aforesaid, Clothier, Joseph rough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

Leman, of Ashburton aforesaid, Yeoman, Isaac Tinckam, severally complaining of an undue Election and Re-of Holne, in the said County, Gentleman, Benjamin turn for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration Elliot, of Ashburton aforesaid, Yeoman, Peter Wood- upon Saturday the 28th Day of August next, at Twelve ley, of Ashburton aforesaid, Clerk, James Woodley, of of the Clock at Noon.

Ashburton aforesaid, Yeoman, JohnSmerdon, of Ashbur- Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable ton aforesaid, Gentleman, James Churchward, of Stoke George Legge, commonly called Lord Viscount Leztis-Gabriel, in the said County of Devon, Gentleman, ham, and John Bettesworth, Esquire, complaining of Jacob Ley, of Cockington, in the said County of Devon, an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Gentleman, and John Codner, of Abbotskerswill, in the Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, be taken into said County of Devon, Gentleman, severally complain- Consideration upon Satw'day the 28th Day of August ing of an undue Election and Return for the said Bo- next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon, rough of Ashburton, be taken into Consideration upon Ordered, That the Petition of George Tierney, Es-Fi'iday the 27th Day of August next, at Eleven of the quire, complaining of an undue Election and Return Clock in the Forenoon. for the Borough of JVotton Basset, in the County of

Ordered, That the Petition of Joshua Smith and Wilts, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday the George Jackson, Esquires, complaining of an undue 28th Day of August next, at Two of the Clock in the Election and Return for the Borough of Penryn, in Afternoon.

the County of Cornwall, be taken into Consideration Ordered, That the Petition of Banastre Tarle/on,

upon Friday the 27th Day of August next, at Twelve of Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons w hose the Clock at Noon. Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the Bo-

Ordered, That the Petitions of John Sinclair, Esquire, rough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, severally severally complaining of an undue Election and Re- complaining of an undue Election and Return for the turn for the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall, JVick, said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, be taken into Conside- the 28th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in ration upon Friday the 27th Day of August next, at the Afternoon.

One of the Clock in the Afternoon. Ordered, That the Petition of John Barrington, Es-

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable quire, complaining of an undue Election and Return George Gordon, commonly called Lord Strathaven, and for the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of JVight, be John Curtis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election taken into Consideration upon Saturday the 28th Day and Return for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of August next, at Four of the Clock in the After-of Cornwall, be taken into Consideration upon Friday noon.

the 27th Day of August next, at Two of the Clock in Ordered, That the Petition of James Moncrief of the Afternoon. Sauchope, Esquire, for himself, and in Name and Be-

Ordered, That the Petition of Humphry Minchin, half of Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief of Airdrie,

You 40. 3T his

County

Gaols.

Birmingham

Navigation.

Sheffield

Markets.

*54

25° Junii. 1784.

his Son; and also, the Petition of Thomas Swgrt, John Hied, David Lawson, James Simpson, Robert Anderson, David Watson, and John Anderson, all Constituent Members of the Town Council of the Borough of Kilremy, on the 9th of April 1784, and of Sir Robert Anstruther, of Balcaskie, Baronet, elected by them Commissioner or Delegate to vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament to represent that District of Boroughs; and also, the Petition of Andrew Gray, Bailiie, William Gray, Junior, Alexander Tenant, James Bgnnalyne, William Hglsm, and Alexander Jordan, Constituent Members of the Town Council of the Borough of Anstruther-Easter, on the 16th of April 1784, and of Colonel John Thomson, of Charletown, elected by them Commissioner or Delegate to vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament to represent that District of Boroughs; and also, the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Borough of CrqilLy severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Kilrenny, Anstruther-Easter, Anstruther-Wester, Piteenweem, and Craill, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 30th Day of August next, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Colonel James Fi'ancis Erskine, of Forrest, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Queensferry, Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dunfermline, and Culross, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 30th Day of August next, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. William Selwyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties," and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorized, by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilstone and Autherley, with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, authorized by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley, and for consolidating their Shares, and amending the said last mentioned Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation authorized, by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilstone and Autherley, with the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, authorized by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley, and for consolidating their Shares, and amending the said last mentioned Act

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lawley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Markets, within the Town of Shes-feld, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Market Place; and for taking down the present Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation, was read the Third Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Markets, within the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more safe and commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Market Place; and for taking down the present Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting others in a more proper Situation,

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the se~ Sandall, See. veral Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Inclosure. Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of Hex-trope with Balby and Long Sandall, in the Soke of , Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manors and Lordships of Hextrope with Balby and Long Sandall, in the Soke of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East India the United Company of Merchants of England trading Afla‘r*> to the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General at Fort William in Bengal, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated 16th December, 1783:

And also,

N° 2. A State of the Treasuries at the Presidency on the 15th December 1783, with an Account of the Deposits, Bond Debt, &c.: And also,

N°3. An Estimate of the probable Receipts and Disbursements in Bengal, for Five Months, viz. from December 1783 to April 1784: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Value of Cargoes that will be ready to be sent Home, from the 1st December 1782 to 31st January 1784: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General and Council at Fort William in Bengal, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated 7U1 February 1784.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

And the said Papers were also read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from PI_month the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, through &c. Road*. Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County; for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Jolliffe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. James Lowther presented to the House, ac- Kirkby-cording to Order, a Bill for reviving, continuing, arid Steven High 3 enlarging Head

34 Geo. III. 250 junii. 355

enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Roads from Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head, in the " County of Westmoi'land, through Sedbergh, to Greet a tc Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and " from Bracken-Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County €t of York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby-Kendal, and " also the Road from the Four Lane-Ends in Alarthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Gray rigg Hause, " leading from Appleby to Kirkby-Kendal, in the said " County of WestmorlandAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nevis Trade A Memorial and Petition of the Council and As-

America semMy of the Island of Nevis,- in Behalf of themselves a* and the rest of the Planters and Inhabitants of the said Island, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Event of Peace, amidst the general Joy which it hath diffused, hath excited in the Breasts of the Petitioners Sensations no less of Gratitude than of Happiness for the invaluable Blessing it confers upon them in the Restoration of their Island to the British Realms, and consequently in putting an End to the Distresses and-Losses they have borne by their Capture and Detention in the Enemy’s Hands for nearly Two Years; and that the Petitioners in contemplating the happy Consequences of Peace, have not restrained their Expectations from extending themselves to the Benefits of an open Trade with America, for, being conscious that their very Existence as a Sugar Colony depends on such an Indulgence, they flattered themselves that Government would become sensible of their Situation, it being not peculiar to them alone, but common to all the Leeward Sugar Islands; they therefore hoped that no Obstacle would arise to their Intercourse with a Country, which, from its local and other natural Advantages, hath afforded the only possible Means of carrying on the Cultivation of those Islands, and without the continued Assistance of which those Islands must become ruinous to the Proprietors of their Lands, and useless Burthens to the Nation; and that they have never alarmed themselves with the least Apprehension of Governments prohibiting their free Communication with the United States of America, from an Idea of Nova Scotia and Canadas being competent to supply them, it being an indisputable Fact, that the uncultivated State of the former Province subjects it to almost an entire Dependence for its Support on the more Southern and fruitful Provinces, whilst Canada, from its Distance, and from its difficult and indeed impracticable Navigation during Six Months of the Year, cannot be regarded as a regular Source of Supplies; and that, being thus buoyed up with the Hopes of renewing so necessary a Trade, and foreseeing in their own Conceptions no probable Impediment thereto, they have been the more surprised to hear that, in the Period of their Captivity, which

! withheld them from seeking and experiencing the

Clemency of Government, a Misfortune which rather enhances than diminishes their Title to Favours, that, in the very Instant of such their Distress, the Island of Antigua hath availed herself of her more fortunate Lot, and petitioned Government to be made a free Port; and that, if such an Indulgence be granted to Antigua, and if the other Islands of the Leeward Government be thereby excluded from a direct Trade with America, it must ultimately end in their Ruin; it would through Necessity oblige the other Islands to send to Antigua for Provisions and Lumber at an enhanced Expence, a Measure severely burthensome to them, and beneficial to Antigua alone, as it would in no wise concur with the Policy of Great Britain, should such be her Object, to diminish American Imports, Vol. 40.

such an exclusive Indulgence to Antigua would also establish it as the only Mart through which the other Islands could procure a regular Vent for their Rum, and the Profits of it, after deducting the heavy Charge of Freight, would be reduced to a Value very inadequate to the Labour' and Expence of distilling it; and, these Disadvantages, great in themselves, would be yet aggravated by unavoidable Interruptions to the Importation of Supplies from Antigua, and that more especially in the Hurricane Months, when, from the Dread of violent Winds and the usually Tempestuous Weather, the Trading Vessels arc mostly laid up, and scarcely any Communication preserved betwixt the Islands; no Vessels, during that Period of the Year, can be hired, unless at the most exorbitant Prices, and, after all, the Success of their Voyage would be a very precarious Dependence; but, even at more favourable Seasons, Disappointments would too frequently occur, from the Windward Situation of Antigua, and from the Calms and Currents so prevalent in those Seas; nay, the very Coast of Antigua would increase the Evil, as, from its natural Disadvantages, all Access to it is singularly difficult; weak, thereiore, as are her natural Pretensions to a free Port, her eventual ones seem no less so, for, if exclusive Privileges are to be granted to any one Island for its particular Benefit, at the Expence and manifest Injury of the rest, a Regard to the Sufferings and Losses of those which have been captured in the Course of the War would no Doubt, in Justice and Humanity, mark one of them as the fittest Object of Partiality; and that the Petitioners, however, presume not to harbour a Thought so injurious to the Justice and Impartiality of Government, as to apprehend the Possibility of Success to a Petition from any one Island, to the Detriment of the rest, but, having thus stated the Dependence of these Colonies on the Continent of America, as well for the Sale of their Rum, as for the necessary Supplies of Lumber and Grain, with which neither Great Britain nor any of her Territories can furnish them but upon the most ruinous Terms, must also submit to the House, as a farther reasonable Plea for thus approaching them, their present embarrassed Situation, in consequence of heavy local Taxes, additional Duties on Sugars in England, the reduced Price of that Article, and their late unfortunate Crops: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their most serious Consideration, and grant them such Relief as may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Shrewsbury ment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within Poor, the Town of Shr&wsbury, and the Liberties thereof in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury, and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Sinclair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Stanley, according to Order, reported Lever* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Museum. Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance, in such manner as may be most for his Benefit, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered\

25° Junii. . 1784.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ' Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Soldiers, &c. A Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Sol-Tr*dHL.C S* 6iers, have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in

r the Marines, since the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to exercise Trades, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resotoed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Foreign His Majesty’s Command, roop,‘

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1784.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to

Treaties; for the Year 1784.

h.

Charge of the Pay of a Detachment of the Troops of Hesse Cassel, including Staff Officers, &c\ from 25th December 1783 to 31st May 1784, both inclusive, being 159 Days -Charge of the Subsidy due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel for 211 Days, from 28th May 178410 24th December following, at the Rate of 502,237 Banco Crowns per Annum r

D* to the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel for 336 Days, from 25th December 1783 to 24th November 1784, at the Rate of 87,458 Banco Crowns per Annum - - - - , -

D° to the Reigning Prince of Waldeck for 291 Days, from 25th December 1783 to 10th October 1784, at the Rate of 25,573 Banco Crowns per Annum -To the Margrave of Brandebourg Anspach for 70 Days, from 25th December 1783 to 3d March 1784, at the Rate of 64,305 Banco Crowns per Annum -

D* to the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbst for 10 Days, from 25th December 1783 to 3d January 1784, at the Rate of 34,245 Banco Crowns per Annum -

To the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, from 25th December ,1783 to 24th December following, at the Rate of 129,000 German Crowns per Annum

NUMBERS.

6,463

CHARGE.

69,861 14

19,372 16 4,906 —

2,967 10

225 15

23,035 14

TOTAL.

60,035 8 41

9

8

7

1

3

3

Total of Subsidies 1784 -

Total for Pay and Subsidies 1784 *

To make good a Deficiency on the Subsidy to the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, from 11 th October 1783 to 24th December following, at the Rate of 64,500 German Crowns per Annum -

Total -

6,463

- L

120,369 11 7

180,404 19 m

2,366 13 — 182,771 13 71

War Office,

June 1784-

Geo. Yonge.

Manufactories in Scotland.

Ordered, That the stud Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House!

Mr. Hunter Blair, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, concerning Manufactories, and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories called the Rope and Soap Manufactories

Oak Bark*

Bast India Company's Dividend.

Supply.

24 Geo. III. 250 Ju257

Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his JPlace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,1 were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain, and for extending several Acts of Parliament relative to the Manufacture of Leather to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the East India Company to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock at Midsummer One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That llie Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the further Charge of Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, including the Pensions to Twenty-eight Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay for several Officers, late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 40.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanov&ian Infantry, in the Pay of Great Britain, from 25th December 1783 to 24th June 1784, both inclusive, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee. *

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot ordered from Ireland to Gibraltar, for the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ad- ditionals to Three Regiments of Foot, for the respective Times within mentioned, in the Ye$r 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of Foot, to the respective Times of their being disbanded, during the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Officers serving with the Forces in North America and the West Indies, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Pensions to be paid to the Widpws of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the List of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the List of Reduced Officers late in the Service of the States General, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

OrderedThat the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the East India Company East India to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock at Midsummer One thousand Seven hundred and en Eighty-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the East India Company to make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock at Midsummer One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire*their Concurrence.

A Petition of several unfortunate Persons lately Debtors confined in the Kings Bench Prison, was presented to Petition, the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying to be included in the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Adjourn-3 U the menl*

258 250 — 28° Junit. A. 1784.

the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Insolvent The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Debtors. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Matthew White Ridley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ways and The other Order of the Day being read;

Means. Resolved^ That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunacy 28* die Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

Woodstock A/f R.i*0g* reported from the Committee, to whom Roads. I\jL the Bill for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford\ was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej^ and that the

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Soldiers, i resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon exercia the Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, Trades* as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Officers and Soldiers who have served in the Militia, or any of the Fencible Regiments.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant Ordnance to their Order, Debt.

An Account of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, as far as the same can be made up, with the Amount of the Debentures now standing out; distinguishing the Amount of the Debentures issued in each Month.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

34 GEO. III.

8° Junii.

259

An ACCOUNT of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, as far as the same can be made up, with the Amount of the Debentures now standing out; distinguishing the Amount of the Debentures issued in each Month: — Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable the House of Cominohs, 18th June 1784*

Debentures (in course of Office) made out

£ s. d.

30 September 1781 - 69,713 13 8

October - - - 22,819 13 9

November 26,820 10 10

December - - - 68,166 13 5

January 1782 - - 18,408 14 5

February - - - 29,929 — - 8

March - - - 61,701 14 4

April - - - 23,304 — 2

May - - - 49.932 12 1

June - - - 72,538 T1 7

July - - 56,101 19 4

August - - - 37,044 9 5

September - - - - 77,785 18 10

October - - 36,000 ' 7 11

November - - - . 46,632 14 1

December - - - 53,5H 4 —

Carried forward - £ 750,414 18 6

Brought forward

January 1783 February -March April May June July August September October November December

£ s. d.

750,414 18 6

23,001 8 8

- 26,674 10 6

- 28,469 15 6

- 11,553 19 1

- . 5,9°8 13 8

- 13,587 2 9

- 3,225 15 3

- 4,678 14 7

- 12,270 2 8

- 6,212 — 7

- 1,836 11 7

- 6,435 2 11

£. 894,268 16 3-

£ s.

Sundry Debentures to be paid in Ready Money, per Contract or Agreement 31,361 8

The Remainder of the Debt, for which Debentures have not yet been made out, is estimated as follows; viz*.

Hire of Storeships, to 31st December 1783 -

Due for Salt Petre, with Interest, to 30th September 1784

On sundry Accounts ....

Sums on Account of Salaries and other Services for 1783, remaining unpaid out of the Grants of Parliament for that Year -

Bills of Exchange drawn on Account of the Fleet in the East Indies -

Sums estimated to be due on Warrants issued for providing Stores - - - .

£ s. d. 38,401 17 3 59A59 4 8 31,709 11 —

65*846 4 8

65,155 16 6 68,437 7 5

329,010

Total of Debt Towards the Payment of which there remains,

- £

In the Hands of the Treasurers of the Ordnance -Sums advanced by the Treasurer for the current Service for this Year, which it is proposed to replace out of the Grants for 1784 -

13.383

85,867

6 8 5 6

Note. — The Sum of £49,881. 10. 10, voted in 1782 for Salt Petre, makes Part of the above Sum of £ 85,867. 5. 6, and was applied to the current Service of this Year.

Note. — In the Amount of the Debt, as here stated, is included the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, in 1783, and not provided for by Parliament, amounting to £ 181,141. 6. 4 -....

t

Which, when paid, will reduce the Debt to- - . - -

Savings from the Votes of Parliament of last Year, remaining unissued from the Exchequer; which, if applied in Diminution of the Debt - -

will reduce it to

Office of Ordnance, 28th June 1784.

James Luttrell, J. Aldridge,

G. Crazvfu

Tho. Bail

360,371 10

1,254,640 6 3

99,250 12 2

1,155,389 14 i

181 141 6 4

974,248 7 9 48,052 19 6

926,195 8 3

Ordered,

260 28° Jun1784.

Ordered, That the' said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the , House.

Com im- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ported into Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize Scotland. the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland\ to cancel Bonds given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sinclair took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sinclair reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Army His Majesty’s Command, Estimates.

Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of His Majesty’s Forces, for the respective Times therein mentioned, for the Year 1784: And also,

An Account of Savings on the Pay voted for His Majesty’s Forces, during the Years 1781 and 1783.

And the Titles. of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followeth; viz*

estimate

24 Geo. III

2$ 0 Jun

6:1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Corps of His Majesty’s Forces, for the respective I’imbs

undermentioned, in the Year 1784.

CORPS. NUMBERS. T Pay 6f Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private; Men. <v total.

General Gage’s Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1783 to 13th January 1784, being 20 Days - r -426 £. s. d. vjr C& 746 3 —

Lord Say and ikies Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1783 to 24th June 1784, being 183 Days 471 - 4,207 15 91 >

Lieutenant General Fawcett's Regiment, from 25th December 1783 to 6th May 1784, being 134 Days Major General IVynyard's Regiment, from 25th December 1783 to 24th June 1784, being 183 Days - 471 471 - - 3,o8i 2 3f 4.207 15 9f'

General Haviland’s, D° - - - 471 - 4,207 15 gf

Lieutenant General Vaughan’s Regiment, from 25th De* cember 1783 to 1st March 1784, being 68 Days - 471 . 1,563 u —:

General Lambton's Regiment, from 25th December 1783 to 524th June 1784, being 183 Days -Lieutenant General Sherard's, D° - 471 471 - - 4,207 15 pt 4,207 15 9i

Earl of Suffolk's, D° - - Major General Stirlings Regiment, D°Time -Major General Campbell's, from 25th December 1783 to 12th Mav 1784, being 140 Days f -Colonel M*Donnell's, from 25th December 1783 to 8th March 1784, being 75 Days -Lieutenant General Hall's, from 25th December 1783 to 5th February 1784, being 43 Days -Colonel Leland's, from 25th December 1783 to 5th" April 1784, being 103 Days -Colonel Gunning's, from 25th December 1783 to 24th June 1784, being 183 Days - -Royal Highland Emigrants 1st Battalion, D°Time Colonel Gardiners Regiment, from 25th December 1783 16 30th April 1784, being 128 Days - - 471 549 568 568 568 - - 4,207 15 9! 5,191 12 1 . 3,930 12 11 2,105 14 — I 1,225 8 9

569 569 516 527 - - 3,007 17 5.344 2 1 ' 4-458 9 — 3,175 13 8i

Captain Commandant Wall's Corps, from 25th December 1783 to 29th March 1784, being 96 Days - 180 - - 00 CM CM N ‘ j !

Detachment of the 47th Regiment, for 135 Days, from 25th December 1783 to 7th May 1784 s 174 - - 942 11 7f i. 1 :,) . 1 I: 1 62,304 10 6j

Detachment of Lieutenant Colonel Donk'ms Battalion, from’ 25th December 1783 to 24th April 1784, being 122 Days - - - . -Fort Major at Guernsey, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784, being 366 Days -; - - 425 85981 2,190 13 — 80 17 nf

Total of Pay - - - - 9)407 - ' ' 63,050 13 6f

For Clothing, upon Account - - - " - - . m v; t f 10,000 »,450 <

For Agency, D* - - - -: m

For Allowances to Captains, Pay Masters^ Surgeons, and T - - -' . 3,352 15

Riding Master - - - 4 -' ’ -f

- Total - - \ . 77,^53 8

War Office, \j

June 1784.: , y; !?

r


a6* a8 ° y#m\ A. 1784,

ACCOUNT of Savings on the Pay voted for His Majesty’s Forces, during the Years 1781 and 1783

On Corps disbanded

fcoyal American Regiment of

Earl of Balcarres’s Regiment

Major General Ross’s Regiment of Foot

Lord Mackod’s ad Battalion -

Earl of Lincoln’s Regiment of Foot Highland Emigrants, 2d Battalion -Lord FUzgeraLT$ Regiment of Foot

Major General St. Lego's Lord Viscount Chewtoris Colonel Keating’s

Major General Meiow’s

Major General Tottenham’s Colonel Ackland’s *

Major General Rad’s -

Colonel Whyte’s -Earl of Suffolk’s - -

Earl of Fauconberg’s -

Lord Grey’s Corps Lord Strathaoen’s *

Major Fish’s

Major Dunlop’s - *

Major Pringle’s -

Total Savings on Corps disbanded

*783-

c

2.240 2,171 1,032

5,363 4,158 2,380

2.240 1,528 2,225 1,304 2,188

1,655 1,429 2,301 894 1,006

3,511

820 361 541

398

287 341

s. d. 2 —

14 — 13 12 — 6 6 10 -4 6

5

15 6 12 6

1

10 —

15 — 4 6 12 — 12 —

6 8

1 — 1 8

6 10

17 8

1 8

£ s. d.

40,382 5 6

By Respits on Regiments cleared for the Year 1781.

lieutenant General Jones's Regiment of Foot -

lieutenant General Burgoynes -

Lieutenant General Earl Prnw’s -

General Armstrong’s - -

Lord Say and Seles -

Major General Pictons -

Lieutenant General Fawcett’s -

General Grerne’s -

Lieutenant General Mackays - -

Lieutenant General Massey’s - -

Sir Charles Grey’s -Lieutenant General Try on’s - -

General Parslow’s -

Lord Frederick Cavendish’s -Lieutenant General Fletcher’s -

lieutenant General Boyd’s - - n -

ir Robert Hamilton’s -<«-General Cary’s -

lieutenant General Rainfford’s -

Lieutenant General Vaughan's -

Sir Guy Carle ton’s

Lieutenant General Skene’s - -

Lieutenant General Maitland’s - -

Earl of Eglintomes * - -

Lieutenant General Elphinstone’s - -

lieutenant General Frederick's -

Lieutenant General Grant’s *

Lieutenant General Walsh’s -Major General Campbell’s -lieutenant General Baugh’s -

Royal American Regiment of Foot -lieutenant General Morris’s - *'

Major General Mathew’s -

Earl of Harrington’s - *

Earl of Suffolk’s - -

Major General Row’s - „ - -

Lord Mackod’s -

Colonel Cambell’s -

Colonel M'Donell’s - -

Colonel Lekmd’s -

Carried forward

650-----

900-----

900-----

1,700----

450 -

1,000----

420 — — 300-----

3.200 -

100-----

250-----

500-----

200-----

350 -

1,120----

1.200 -

800-----

200-----

850-----

*,850----

250-----

3,300----

700-----

1M5Q-----

1,500

320

100

200

1,250

1,100

1,350

2,450

900

1.300

QOO ' 250 1,320 3,600

1.300 -100

41,580 —

iVJunii.

9«J

24 Geo. III.

Total Savings on Corps disbanded brought forward

Brought forward.

Colonel G timing a - »- *

Major General St. Leger’a ..... Lord Viscount Chewtena - -

Major General Medan's -Colonel Aciand's -

Colonel M‘Carmick'& ..... Lieutenant Colonel Dalrymple's Corps Total Bespits on Regiments cleared -

In all.

War Office, 38th June 1784*

Geo. Firage.

Custom on Aliens

Goods.

1

Insolvent Debtors.

[Supply.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Eden presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported, to, or imported from, The Mediterranean Stas, in unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts, that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Lord Maitland do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House' to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases, was committed.

The Lord Maitland accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions} which they had

Vo Li 40*

directed him to report, when the House will pleastf to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrotf Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he wa(S directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply gratited to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Reverts further Consideration the Report from the Committee Museum, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit, was committed* be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, repotted from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom H was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he* read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two millions Three hundred Sixty thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-two Pounds and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, tow arete defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the First Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three to the Twenty*fourth Day of Dteernbei* following, both Days inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Seventy-five thousand One hundred and Sixteen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, Upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Sixty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted

te

Supply.

264 28° Junti, 1784.

to His Majesty, for" defraying the Charge of Allow- General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital ances to the several Officers dnd Private Gentlemen of serving with the Forces in North America and the /Vest the Two Troops of Horsfe Guards reduced, and to the Indies, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Eighty-four.

Horse Guards, for the Year One thousand Seven hun- The said Resolutions being- severally read a Second dred and Eighty-four. Time, were, upon the Question severally put there-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee'f upon, agreed to by the House.

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty thousand

and Three hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majestyr The House, according t to Order, resumed the ad- Bridgewater upon further Account of the Reduced Officers of His journed Consideration 01 the Motion made* upon Tues- ^ectl0U* Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year One thousand day- last, That- Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, and the Seven hundred and Eighty-four. - several Persons legal Electors of Members to serve in

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-four thousand Six County of Somerset, have Leave to withdraw their Pe-hundred Fifty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Six titions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the said Borough.

the Commissioned Officers of His Majesty’s British And the Honourable Anne Poulett and Alexander American Forces, for the Year* One thousand Seven Hood\ Esquire, the Sitting Members, having, in their hundred and Eighty-four. Places, acquainted the House, that they consented to the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, withdrawing of the said.Petitions;

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five The House was moved, That the Order made upon hundred Forty-four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Tuesday last, for taking the said Petitions into Consi-Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Ac- deration upon Wednesday next, might be read, count of several Officers late in the Service of the And the said Order being read accordingly;

States General, for the Year One thousand Seven Ordered, That the said Order be discharged,

hundred and Eighty-four. Ordered, That the said Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and the said several Persons, have Leave to withdraw.

That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Pounds their said Petitions, and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon

Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an sinking paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Ex- Account of the Net Produce of the Sinking Fund, Fund,

peaces attending the same, for the Year One thousand from its first Institution, to the 5th of April 1783;

Seven hundred and Eighty-four. distinguishing each Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Eighty-six Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for Account of all Monies applied from the Sinking Fund

defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the towards the Discharge of the National Debt; distin-

Widows of Commissioned Officers of His Majesty’s guishing the Times when so applied.

British American Forces, for the Year One thousand

Seven hundred and Eighty-four. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto.

„ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Account of all Monies applied from the Sinking Fund,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hun- since its first Institution, towards defraying the Current dred Forty-six Pounds and Eleven Shillings, be Services, to the 5th of April 1783; distingushing each

granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Year.

Two Regiments of Foot sent from Ireland to Gibraltar,

during the Year One thousand Seven hundred and The House was moved, That the Order made upon past yndia

Eighty-three. Tuesday last for taking into further Consideration, Xfluirs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, upon that Day Sevennight, the Report which w as made That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Five hundred from the Select Committee, to whom the Report of the and Twenty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Four Court of Directors of the United Company of Mergence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying chants of England trading to the East Indies, in Obe-the Charge of Additionals to Three Regiments of dience to an Order of the Honourable the House of Foot, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Commons, dated 23d January1784; and also, the Eighty-three. Report of the Court of Directors of the East India

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Company, containing such further Information as has That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Eight hundred . been received since making up their Report, presented and Twenty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, to the House on the 16th of February last, were referred, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of might be read.

several Corps to the respective Times of their being And the said Order being read accordingly;

disbanded, during the Year One thousand Seven hundred Ordered, That the said Order be discharged,

and Eighty-three. ’ Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand

Four hundred and Nineteen Pounds Ten Pence and Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom Launceston One Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for de- the Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Foor. fraying the Charge of Five Battalions of His Majesty’s Poor, incorporated by an Act of Parliament, made in Hanoverian Infantry, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven jesty King George the Second, for the better Relief and hundred and Eighty-three to the Twenty-fourth Day of Employment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved,

June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, otherwise Launceston, and the Parish of Saint Mary both Days inclusive, being One hundred and Eighty- Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall, and also, of the three Days. Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and others, contributing

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Borough That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Two hun- and Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, dred Ninety-one Pounds and Seven Shillings, be was referred; That the Committee had examined the panted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to

report

34 Geo. III. 280 — 290

report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Thomas Jago being examined, said. That the Money authorized to be raised hath been found insufficient for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Borough and Parish, and a considerable Debt hath been incurred for the necessary Purposes of carrying the said Act into Execution, which now remains due; and that the said Act hath in several Respects been found ineffectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

And the Witness further said, That there is now standing, in the Name of the Mayor and Corporation of the said Borough, the Sum of £384. io*. 8 d. Consolidated Bank Annuities, the Interest of which is applicable to the Relief of the Poor; but it is apprehended, that it would be more beneficial to the said Borough and Parish, if the said Sum was wholly vested in the said Governor and Guardians of the Poor, in order to sell or dispose of the same, and the Money arising therefrom applied towards discharging the said Debt.

And the Witness added, That there are, within the said Borough, several Common Lands, called Great Pennygillam, Little Pennygillam, Hay, Windmill, and Longland, the Aftermowth of which hath of ancient Right and Custom been enjoyed by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgesses, and the Widows of Free Burgesses, which is of little Benefit to the several Persons entitled thereto; and that it would be advanta-% geous to the Petitioners, if the same was to be sold or let for the best Price or Rent which could be had for the same, and the Money arising thereby applied towards repairing the Church, repairing and lighting the Streets, or any other Purpose, for the Ornament of the said Town, or the Convenience of the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employ-u ment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved\ otherwise Launceston, and Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen,

" in the County of Cornwall;" and for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common Lands within the said Borough in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

And that Mr. Rose and the Lord Arden do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Oak Bark, A Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain, and for extending several Acts of Parliament relative to the Manufacture of Leather to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Meani. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 40.

Junii. 265

Mortis, 29* die Junii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIIta Regis, 1784.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Ivelchester tion the Petition of John Harcourt, Esquire, and Election. Sir Samuel Harmay, Baronet; and also the Petition of John Pitt, John Shorland, and others, Electors in the Borough of Ivelchester, complaining of the undue Election and Return of Peregrine Cust and Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquires, for the said Borough, being come;

Tfie House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions. '

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent; and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And several Members present having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and delivered in an Account of their Qualifications, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Fourteen Members being found to be present;

llie Counsel and Agents for the Petitioners, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Peregrine Cust,

Esquire, and the Counsel and Agents for the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Counsel for the said Sitting Members respectively informed the House, That they were different Parties, and desired to separate in their Defence:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners being called on by Mr. Speaker, informed the House, that if the Counsel for the Sitting Members would assure the House, upon their Honour, that their Cases were distinct, and had no Connection with each other, he could make no Objection to their separating in their Defence; and the Counsel for the Sitting Members having thereupon assured the House, that there was no Connection between their respective Clients; and, having also stated to the House, that there was no Communication between their respective Clients, and that the Petition was grounded upon a Charge of Bribery, which is distinct in its Nature, the House proceeded to the Appointment of the said Select Committee, as in the Case of there being more than Two Parties, on distinct Interests, before the House.

Then the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Nineteeuon Account 3V of

Ecdesfield

Inclosure.

East India Company's Dividend.

Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head Road.

Corn imported into Scotland.

a66 *9° Junii.A, 1784.

of their being Members against whose Re- to whom the Bill for amending widening, and keep-turns Petitions were depending; One, on Ac- ing in Repair, the Roads leading from the Meeting-count of his being a Petitioner to this House, House in the Parish of Llanegwad\ to the Lime Kilns complaining of an undue Election and Return; in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from Dan-yr-Allt, m Seven, on Account of their then serving on the said Parish of Llanegwad\ to Pont-y-Berem in the Select Committees; Eight, on Account of Parish of Llangendeirne, in the County of Carmarthen, stheir having already, in this Session of Parlia- was committed, That the Committee had examined the ment, served on Select Committees; and Two, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; on Account of their Returns to serve in Parlia- and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ment not having been brought in Fourteen made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Days. directed him to report to the House; and he read the

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; where complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered by the the Report was read.

Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened; A Message by Sir Francis Malyneux, Gentleman Royal Ass«nt

The Counsel and Agents withdrew. Usher of the Black Rod: to a

Mr. Speaker,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons The Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to an Act of Ecclesfield, and the several Soakes or Districts of agreed upon by both Houses, do desine the immediate Southey and Grennofirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Second Time. Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. to the House of Peers.

Buncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet And being returned;

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Chamber. Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s

Commission aforementioned, had been at the House A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford, and of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal

Mr. Anguish: was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal

Mr. Speaker, Assent to a Public Bill therein mentioned; and also

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales,

Act to impower the East India Company to make a the Lord Achbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Dividend to the Proprietors of East India Stock at Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of Midsummer One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty- the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and four, without any Amendment. notify the Royal Assent to the said Bill; and that the

And then the Messengers withdrew. Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord

Osborne, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said A Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year Royal Assent to the said Bill; which Bill is as fol-of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An loweth; viz.

" Act for repairing and widening the Roads from An Act to impower the East India Company to " Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head, in the County of make a Dividend to the Proprietors of East India " Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in Stock at Midsummer Oi;e thousand Seven hundred and " the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from Bracken- Eighty-four.

" Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York,

" through Sedbergh, to Kirkby-Kendal, and also the Then the Amendments made by the Committee to Llanegwad, " Road from the Four Lane Ends in Marthwaite, to the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, &c. Roads. " the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause, leading from the Roads leading from the Meeting-House in the Parish " Appleby to Kirkby-Kendal, in the said County of of Lkuiegzvad, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of " Westmorland," was read a Second Time. Llanddarog, and from Dan-yr-Allt, in the said Parish

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James of Llanegwad, to Pont-y-Berem, in the Parish of Johnstone, Mr. Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet Llangendeirne, in the County of Carmarthen, being this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question Chamber. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Sinclair, according to Order, reported from ingrossed. *

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs in A Petition of Sir Richard Hotham, Knight, was de- Southwark England and Scotland to cancel Bonds given for the livered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, Election. High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned, for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was committed, the Amendments which the Coin- in the room of the late Sir Barnard Turner, Knight, mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had deceased, Paul Le Mesurier, Esquire, and the Petitioner, directed him to report to the House; and he read the were the Candidates; and that, at the said Election,

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the many Persons whor had no Capacity to vote at any*

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Election of Memoers to serve in Parliament, and Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; many others who were not qualified to vote at the said and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Election, according to the last Determination of the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House of Commons (regulating and settling the Right House. of Election in and for the said Borough, and the Law

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of the Land) were admitted to vote, and were polled

ingrossed. for the said Paul Le Mesurier; and that the said Paul

Sir William Mansel reported from the Committee, Le Mesurier and the Petitioner having agreed finally

4 to

k

eep-ting. tilus,) in the 'cny the ie; n d ad he

re

Ro n!^ toaBil

l

24 Geo. III. 290

267

to close the Poll at Three o’Clock on the Third Day of the said Election, it was most particularly necessary that there should be no Sort of Interruption of the Proceeding at the said Election, and from the numerous Persons who had a Right to vote therein, that there should not be, in the smallest Degree, any Interruption or Delay in taking the Poll; but the said Paul Le Mesurier, not regarding the Premises and the Freedom of Election, by himself, his Friends and Agents, caused and procured a turbulent Band of Sailors, and others, to be led up to and about the Hustings, from Time to Time, during the said Election, who, by Threats, Insult, and Violence, greatly interrupted the said Election, and thereby intimidated and prevented many of the Voters of the said Borough from polling for the Petitioner at the said Election, and delayed others, who were not to be so intimidated, so long, that the Poll was finally closed before they could, without great Damage and Risque to themselves, be permitted to poll at the said Election; and that many of the Voters of the said Borough, voting for the said Paul Le Mesurier, did ask, receive, and take Money, and other Rewards, of the said Paul Le Mesurier, his Friends and Agents, by way of Gift, Loan, and other Devices, and agreed and contracted with the said Paul Le Mcsurier, his Friends and Agents, for Money, Gifts, Offices, Employments, and Rewards, to give their Votes at the said Election, and, divers others of such Voters, for such illegal and corrupt Considerations as aforesaid, were persuaded by the said Paul Le Mesurier, his Friends and Agents, to forbear to give their Votes at the said Election; and that the said Paul Le Mesurier, before and during the said Election, by himself, his Friends and Agents, was guilty of Bribery, Corruption, and undue Influence, by giving and promising to give Money and other Rewards to the Voters of the said Borough, w hereby, and by other illegal and corrupt Means, nnny of the Voters of the said Borough were induced and prevailed upon to give their Votes at the said Election for the said Paul Le Mesurier, and others of the said Voters were induced and prevailed upon to forbear to give their Votes at the said Election; and that the said Paul Le Mcsurier, in the Time of this present Parliament, and after the Vacancy occasioned by the Death of the said Sir Barnard Turner for the said Borough, by himself, and by other Ways and Means, in the said Paul Le Mesurier s Behalf, and at his Charge, and before his Election for the said Borough (herein after mentioned) gave, presented, and allowed to several Persons, having Voices and Votes in such Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Promises and Engagements to allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provision, Reward, and Entertainment, to and for several such Persons in particular, as well as to the said Borough in general, in order to be elected, and for being elected, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, contrary to the Statute; and that, by the aforesaid, and other undue and illegal Means, the said Paul Le Mesurier obtained a colourable Majority of Eleven Votes upon the Poll at the said Election, and was accordingly returned as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Violation of the sacred Purity of Election, in Derogation of the Rights of the legal and uncorrupt Electors of the said Borough, and in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who, having a Majority of legal and uncorrupted Votes on the said Poll (and no Disability whatever) was duly elected at the said Election, and ought, in Justice to himself, and to the Voters of the said Borough, to have been returned a Burgess to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to grant to the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just Vol. 40.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 30th Day of November next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Elisha Tebb, Joseph Bromley, Thomas Southwark King, Thomas Birt, James Sayle, Thomas Edwards, Election. John Kent, James Whitaker, Samuel Moult en, Benjamin Shaw, Thomas Thomas, Thomas Citibank, John Windsor, John Easton, Thomas Baxter, Thomas Homersham,

Michael Craiston, Andrew Mann, Thomas Pooley, Joseph Marshall, and others, Electors of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of the late Sir Barnard Turner, deceased, Sir Richard Hotham, Knight (lately One of the Representatives for the said Borough in Parliament) and Paul Le Mesurier, Esquire, were the Candidates; and that, at the said Election, many Persons who had no Capacity to vote at any Election for Members to serve in Parliament, and many others who were not qualified to vote at such Election for the said Borough, according to the last Determination of the House of Commons (settling the Right of Election in and for the said Borough, and the Law’ of the Land) were admitted to vote for the said Paul Le Mesurier; and that, the said Candidates having agreed finally to close the Poll at Three o'Clock on the Third Day of the said Election, it was most particularly necessary that there should be no Sort of Interruption of the Proceedings at the said Election, and that the numerous Persons w ho had a Right to vote therein should not be, in the smallest Degree, interrupted or delayed in giving their Suffrages; but the said Paul Le Mesurier, not regarding the Premises and the Freedom of Election, by himself, his Friends and Agents, caused and procured a turbulent Band of Sailors, and others, to be led up to the Hustings, from Time to Time, during the said f lection, who, by Threats, Insults, and Violence, greatly interrupted the said Election, and thereby intimidated and prevented many of the Voters of the said Borough from polling for the said Sir Richard Hotham, and also delayed others, who were nut to be intimidated, so long, that the Poll was finally closed before they could, without great Danger and Risque to themselves, be permitted to poll at the said Election; and that many of the Voters of the said Borough, voting for the said Paul Le Mesurier, did ask, receive, and take Money and other Rewards of the said Paul Le Mesurier, his Friends and Agents, by Way of Gift, Loan, and other Devices, and agreed and contracted with the said Paul Le Mesurier, his Friends and Agents, for Money, Gifts, Offices, Employments, and other Rewards, to give their Votes at the; said Election, and, divers others of them, for such illegal and corrupt Considerations as aforesaid, were persuaded, by the said Paul Le Mesurier, his Friends and Agents, to forbear to give their Votes at the said Election; and that the said Paul Le Mesurier, before and during the said Election, by himself, his Friends and Agents, was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, by giving and promising Money, Securities for Money, and other Rewards, to the Voters of the said Borough, whereby, and by other illegal Means, many of the Voters of the said Borough were induced and prevailed upon to give their Votes, at the said Election, for the said Paul Le Mesurier, and others of the said Voters were induced and prevailed upon to forbear to give their Votes at the said Election; and that the said Paul Le Mesurier, in the Time of this present Parliament, alter the Vacancy for the said Borough, occasioned by the Death of the said Sir Barnard Turner, and before the Election of the said Paul Le Mesurier (herein after mentioned) by himself, and by other Ways and Means in his Behalf, and at his Charge, gave, presented, and allowed to several Persons, having

Voices

Voices and Votes in such Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Promises and Engagements to give and allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provision, Reward, and Entertainment, to and for several such Persons in particular, as well* as to the said Borough in general, in order to be elected, and for being elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, contrary to the Statute, §c.; and that, by the aforesaid, and other undue and illegal Means, equally destructive of the Freedom and Purity of Elections, the said Paul Le Mesurier procured himself to be unduly elected and returned a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners, and others, Electors in the said Borough, who voted at the said Election for the said Sir Richard Hotham, the Petitioners and such Electors being a Majority of legal Votes, who gave their Voices at the said Election, and thereby duly elected the said Sir Richard Hotham to be the Representative for the said Borough in this present Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners, and the other Electors of the said Borough, such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the loth and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel,. or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Launceston Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-Foor. der, a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual

an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borpugh " of Dunheved, otherwise Launceston, and Parish of " Saint Mary Magdaleni, in the County of Cornwall and for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common Lands within the said Borough in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill bt read a Second Time.

East India Ordered, That the several Papers which were pre-

Aflairs. sented to the House by Mr. Morton, from the United

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, upon the 25th Day of this Instant June, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next, at the same Time when the Report, which was made from the Select Committee, to whom the Reports of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, which were presented to this House upon the 16th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, and the 1st Day of this Instant June, were referred, is ordered to be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of May last, be taken into Consideration at the same Time.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before East Mi this House, a Copy of the Minute of the Governor Affairs* General, entered in the Revenue Consultations of the 20th of December 1782.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay be- Ditto, fore this House, a Copy of the Consultations, stating the Reductions in the Bengal Army, which were made by the Governor General and Council on the 29th of July 1783.

Mr. Orde presented to the House, according to Conveyance Order, a Bill for establishing certain Regulations j nsdtt0 concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining certain Acts of the Manufac. Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories, and tones m for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors Scot aD # of the Two Manufactories called the Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories, and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories called the Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hufiter Blair do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Three hundred Sixty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of Subsidies due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, the Margrave of Brandebourg Anspach, the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbst, and the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighjy-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand and Thirty-five Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of Six thousand Four hundred and Sixty-three Men, being a Detachment of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, including Staff Officers in the Pay of Great Britain, from the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, to the Twenty-fourth Day of December following, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three hundred Sixty-six Pounds and Thirteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency on the Subsidy due to the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, pursuant to Treaty, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time;


Totne*

Roads.

Ivelchester

Election.

Costoin on AliensGoods.

Ivelchester

Election.

24 Geo. III. 29° — 3 6° 269

Time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl of Lisburne, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House one of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; which last mentioned List was read; and is as follows:

Sir William Mansel, Baronet, John Langston, Esquire, John Baring, Esquire, Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, George Osbaldeston, Esquire, Charles Lefevre, Esquire, John Moore, Esquire, the Honourable Richard Howard, Henry James Pye, Esquire, Bame Borne, Esquire, Alexander Hood, Esquire, Sir Charles Kent, Baronet, Thomas Boothby Parkins, Esquire.

And thereupon the said Thirteen Members immediately withdrew.

And the said Counsel and Agents also withdrew.

A Bill to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from, The Mediterranean Seas in unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts, that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonic* or Plantations in America, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Thirteen Members, before-mentioned, being returned to the House, the said Counsel and Agents were again called in to the Bar.

And the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee informed the House, that the said Thirteen Members had by themselves chosen Thomas Powys, Esquire, and the Earl of Morning ton, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And the Names of the said Thomas Powys, Esquire, and the Earl of Mornington, were added to the said List of Thirteen Members.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Harcourt, Esquire, and Sir Samuel Hannay, Baronet; and also, the Petition of John Pitt, John Shorland, and others, Electors in the Borough of Ivelchester, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 40.

Mercurii, 309 die Juniu

Anno 240 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East Indi* the United Company of Merchants of England Atfairs. trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Minute of the Governor General, entered in the Revenue Consultations of the 20th of December 1782:

And also,

N° 2. Copy of the Consultations, stating the Reductions in the Bengal Army, which w'ere made by the Governor General arid Council on the 29th of July 1783’

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew,

And the said List was read.

And the said Papers were also read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next, at the same Time when the Report, which was made from the Se-< lect Committee, to whom the Reports of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, which were presented to this House upon the 16th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, and the 1st Day of this Instant June, were referred, is ordered to be taken into further Consideration.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that the several Persons having a Right, and claiming a Right, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Hweford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

And a Motion being made, That the said Petitioners have Leave to withdraw their said Petition;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 8th Day of this Instant June, for taking into Consideration, upon Friday next, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having a Right, and Persons claiming a Right, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Hereford, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 8th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill for amending several Roads lead- Woodstock ing from Woodstock through Kiddington and Enstone, to Roads. Rollright Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright 3 Z Lane,

3o° Juttii. ii. 1784*

Lane, and from Enslm Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Christ A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Church, thereunto subscribed, Landlords, Owners, and Inha* Middlesex, bitants of Houses and Land, within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for providing a Workhouse, within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and for raising Money for that Purpose,* and to discharge Debts already contracted on Account of the Poor, and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer of the same Parish; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it is now formed, it will he extremely prejudicial to the Petitioners and other Landlords, Owners, and Inhabitants of Houses and Land in the said Parish, and will interfere with and lessen the Security of the several Persons who have advanced their Monies, by way of Annuities, on the Security of the Poor Rates of the said Parish, and will alter, and in Effect repeal or render ineffectual, Part of the Statute of the Forty-third of Queen Elizabeth, touching the Appointment of Overseers of the Poor: And therefore praying. That they may have Leave to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill; and that they may receive such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Wadsley A Bill for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of Inclosure. Common or Waste Ground, called Loxley Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne Inclosures within the said Manor of Wadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfield\ in the West Riding of the County of York, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-cc?nbe, Mr. Wilbe?force, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Soldiers, &c. Mr. Old, according to Order, reported from the to exercise Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ra es‘ enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since, the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to exercise Trades, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time!, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by thfe House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to authorize the Commissioners of Corn im-the Customs in England and Scotland, to cancel Bonds ported into given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn Scotland* imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland, to cancel Bonds given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Com imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunter Blair do carry the llill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Hats count of the Quantity of Hats exported from England exported, for the last Ten Years, viz. from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Coals Account of the Quantities of all Coals exported from exported. England, from Christmas 1782 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing whether exported to Foreign Parts,

Ireland, or Plantations, with the Amount of the Duties thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Coajg Account of the Quantities of Coals imported into the imported. Port of London, from Christmas 1782 to Christmas 1783, with the Amount of the Duties thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ditto, an Account of the Quantities of Coals imported at the several Out Ports, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1784, with the Amount of the Duties thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ribbands Account of the Quantities of Ribbands and Silks ex- and Silks ported from England, from Christmas 1778 to Christmas exported* . 1783; distinguishing the different Qualities, as far as they can be distinguished.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Bricks and Account of the Quantity of Bricks and Tiles ex- T.Ies exported from England, from Christmas 1780 to Christ- P°rted* mas 1783; distinguishing the Quantity exported in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Carriage Account of the Number of Carriages, of each Sort, Duty-that have paid Duty in the Year ending 5th July 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Makers of Account of the Number of Makers and Manufacturers Exciseablt of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities (except Goods* Victuallers, Beer and Brandy Retailers, and Coffee and Tea Dealers) with the Number of each Denomination distinguished.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Duties oa count of the Amount of the Duties of Excise charged Paper, on Paper for the last Two Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Annual Produce of the Duties on Callicoes. printed Callicoes, fyc. for the last Fifteen Years.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Quantity of Silk, Silk Handkerchiefs, Silk,&c. Callicoes British and Foreign, and Linens printed, painted, or stained, charged with Excise Duties, and of the Amount of the said Duties, for Five Years,

£ ending

24 Geo. III. 30 Junu. 371

ending 5th July 1783; distinguishing each Year, and each Species, and the Rate of Duty thereon.

Duty rn Ordered\ That there be laid before this House, an

Caml,e8* Account of the Quantity of Tallow Candles chained with a Duty of Excise, with the Amount of the Duties thereon, for Five Years, ending 5th JWy 1783; distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Rate of Duty.

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, tee ^re"1 ^rom Commissioners oif the Customs, attended at the ‘*ent«LDoor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Hats exported from England for the last Ten Years, viz. from Christ mas 1773 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of all Coals exported from England, from Christmas 1782 to Christmas 1783; distinguish^ whether exported to Foreign Parts, Ireland, or Plantations, with the Amount of the Duties thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Coals imported into the Port of London, from Christmas 1782 to Christmas 1783, with the Amount of the Duties thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Coals imported at the several Out Ports, for the Year ending the 5th of January 1784, with the Amount of the Duties thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Ribbands and Silks exported from England, from Chiistmas 1778 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing the different Qualities,

[ as far as they can be distinguished: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Bricks and Tiles exported from England, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing the Quantity exported in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is re-i ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Iccounts The House being informed that Mr. JVcbb, from femExcise Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he mf!pre" was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Carriages, of each Sort, that have paid Duty in the Year ending 5th July 1782: And also,

An Account of the Number 6f Makers and Maiiu-facturers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable , Commodities (except Victuallers, Beer and Brandy Retailers, and Coffee and Tea Dealers) with the Number of each Denomination distinguished: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties of Excise charged on Paper for the last Two Years; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Annual Produce of the Duties on printed Caflicoes, &c. for the last Fifteen Years: *

And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Silks, Silk Handkerchiefs, Callicoes British and Foreign, and Linens printed, painted, or stained, changed with Excise Duties, and of the Amount of the said Duties, for Five Years, ending 5th July 1783; distinguishing each Year, and each Species, and the Rate of Duty thereon:

An also,

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow Candles charged with a Duty of Excise, with the Amount of the Duties thereon,’ for Five Years, ending ,5th July 1783; distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Rate of Duty.

And then he withdrew*

And the Titles of the said Accounts werfe read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole Houise, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Pap^rS of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ravy> &c. Account, shewing the Amount of the Course of the BiUs* Navy, Victualling, fyc. from the Time to which the same was last paid, to 31st December 1^83, with the Interest computed to 3th July 1784, uponl such of the Bills as carry an Interest, and distinguishing the Amount of the Interest and Nod-Interest Bills in each Month.

The House being informed that Mr. Prestwood, Ditto, from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing the Amount of the Course of the Navy, Victualling, $c. from the Time to which the same was last paid, to 31st December 1783, with the Interest computed to 5th July 1784, upon such of the Bills as carry an Interest, and distinguishing the Amount of the Interest and Non-Interest Bills in each Month.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Vol 40.

r>

Navy Office, 28th June 1784-

An AC COUNT shewing the Amount of the Course of the Navy, Victualling, &c*. from the Time to which the same was last paid, to the 31st December 1783, with the Interest computed to 5th July 1784, upon such of the Bills as cany an Interest, and distinguishing the Amount of the Interest and Non-Interest Bills in each Month.

In what MONTHS registered.

1781. June - -July - -August - -September -October -November -December -

1782. January February -March - -April - -May - -June - -July - -August - -September -October

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest -

NAVV and TRANSPORT BILLS. VICTUALLING BILLS.

Interest Bills. Non-Interest. Total. 1 r Interest Bills. Non-Interest. Total. 1

£ S, d. S' d S. d. £ s. d. £- s. d. £ s. d.

- 257,561 4 7 1,585 2 — 259,146 6 7 178,770 15 3 8,747 15 9 187,518 11 r

- - - - 26,615 — 18,472 19 6

- 251,575 7 11 2,381 12 1 253,957 — — 138,068 19 6 10,940 6 5 149,009 5 11

- - * " - - 25,158 — 13,806 17 11

- 248,380 17 7 7,393 IT 10 255,774 9 5 215,133 15 7 6,797 10 11 221,931 6 6

- " " " - 24,010 — 20,796 5 3

- 298,251 2 7 5>325 12 — 303,576 14 7 146,384 10 6 4,903 11 11 151,288 2 5

- - * — - - 27,837 13,662 11 1

- 238,559 IT 8 58 6 238,617 12 2 113,466 4 10 9,555 3 2 123,021 8 —

- * - - 21,470 _ — 10,211 148,869 19 2

- 199,693 9 1 2,518 11 5 202,212 — 6 145,290 l6 3 3,578 l6 8 12 11

- 276,903 15 9 6,170 2 9 17,307 283,073 18 6 153,777 15 9 8,498 4 4 12,591 162,276 17 4 1

" n . - - 23,075 — — . - - 12,814 16 3

- 360,029 10 ' 3»544 9 2 363,574 5 2 193,148 14 3 6,024 15 10- 199,173 10 1

"* - - - 28,802. — — - 15,451 17 M

- 329,499 15 1 3,517 1 — 333,oi6 25,262 16 1 145,483 9 5 2,868 — 4 148,351 11,153 9 14 9 7

" 313,279 15 3 3,196 17 11 316,476 13 2 144,830 — 4 8,194 15 n 153,024 16 3

8 - - 22,974 — — _ _ _ _ . - - 10*020. 17 4

311,063 - 7,058 6 9 318,121 7 5 161,081 l6 4 6,6&i 14 6 167,763 10 10

- 208,436 15 2 1 >793 17 3 21,774 210,230 12 5 169,674; 15 .5 11,882 10 4 11,275 161,557 14 5 6 9

- 251,620 13 10 2,215 6 5 13,896 253,836 3 127,382 5 4 5,930 7 9 11,311 133,312 13 13 1

- 350,570 5 11 5,152 3 2 15,936 355,722 9 1 172,790 6 5 w " 2,340 11 3 8,067 175,130 10 17 10 8

- 277,064 12 6 4,376 16 9 21,034 281,441 9 3 218,503 l9 3 4,593- 19 2 10,367 223,097 8 18 4 5

- 238,493 17 10 2,591 10 — 15,700 241,085 7 10 149,248 12 10,950 19 4 12,381 160,199 17 11 9 4

- 456,288 5 11 *>937 16 6 12,720 458,226 2 5 161,743 10 5 4,435 3 6 7,959 '166,178 18 13 6 11

22,814 — - - V 8,087 3 6

GENERAL TOTAL.

446,664 17 45.087 19 402,966 5 38,964 17 477)705 15 44,806 5 454,864 17 41,499 11 361,639 — 31,681 ig_

351.081 13

29,898 17 445,349.18

35,889 16 562,747 *5 445253.* 7 481,368 5 36,415 »4 469,501 9 33,594 17 485,884 18

33,°49 >4 391,787 18 25,207 13 387,148- 13 24,003 10 530,853 o 31,401 8

504,539 7

28.081 17 401,284 19

20,679 18 624,404 10 30,001 3

O

November -December -1783. January

February -March - -

April - -May - -

June - -

July - -s August September -October -November -December -

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest

Principal

Interest-

Principal

Interest

Totals.

General Total -

343.8/6 — 6 4,942 8 1

- 238,499 '5 4 1,608 — 3

- 357,3*6 14 9 5,366 18 11

- 258,262 9 8 8,195

- 178,215 16 4 4,275 7 6

- 222,225 17 11 4,545

- i59,633 19 6 702 10 2

- 149,136 10 10 1,402 15 2

- 180,169 3 10 4,375

- 156,882 3 ,6 39.068 9 5

- . - 132,898 17 5 2,915

- 169,313 8 8 3,4oo

- 155,252 6 7 ' 1 1 1 , CO O

- 237.967 14 6 850

- 7,806,923 12 8 145,098 7 —

- L 7,806,923 12 8 145,098 .7 —

Cha* Middleton.

o

o

eg

fT

348,818 8 7 195,34613 6 5,46019 3

16,048 — —

240,107 15 7 267,18014 5 6,854 1 5

- 10,335 — —

362,683 13 8 191,591 16 1 6,74317 —

14,293 — —

266,457 9 8 111,394 12 6 3,651 5 3

9,470 — —

182,491 3 10 120,738 9 5 3,180 7 7

5.94i — —

226,770 17 11 202,173 10 2 3,623 13 —

6,667 — —

160,336 9 8 63,672 3 8 5,188 6 3

4,257 — —

150,539 12 — 110,65719 2 7,295 8 2

3,48o

184,544 3 10 51,26410 9 7,217 19 9

3,603 — —

195,950 12 11 65,672 4 — 7,212 l6 8

2,615 — —

135,813 17 5 78,175 1 3 9,937 10 9

i,772 - -

172,713 8 8 48,805 6 1 6,199 1 9

1,693 — —

157,887 6 7 16,456 1 10 4,138 9 —

1,035 ——

238,817 14 6 30,383 7 10 4,64618 8

793 — —

200,807 12 9

9»i 16 3 6

' 274,034 15 10 n,577 16 7 198,335 13 1 7,663 13 5 H5,045 17 9 4,084 9 4 123,918 17 —

4.024 12 3

205,797 3 2

6,065 4 1

68,860 9 11

1,697 18 5

"7,953 7 4

2,582 — 4 58,482 10 6

1.025 5 9 72,885 — 8

1,094 10 8

88,112 12 — 1,042 6 8

55,004 7 10

488 1 —

20,594 10 10 109 14 1

35,030 6 6 101 5 6

549,626 1 4 25,164 3 6 514,142 n 5 21,912 16 7 561,019 6 9 21,956 13 J> 381,563 7 5 13,554 9 4 306,410 — 10 9,965 12 3 432,568 1 1

12,732 4 1 229,196 19 7 5,954 18 ' 5 268,492 19 4 6,062 — 4 243,026 14 4 4,628 5 9 268,835 13 7 3,709-10 8 223,926 9 5 2,814 6 8

227,717 16 6 2,181 1 —

178,481 17 5

1,144 14 1

273,848' 1 — 894 5 6

7,952,021 19 8 448,386-----

4,288,292 17 6

198,275

7

4,486,567 19 1 12,438,589 18 9 259,7o8 4 4 708, og4 4 4

8,400,407 19 8

4,288,292 17 6

198,275 1 7

4,746,276 3 5

13,146,684 3 l

Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers.

R. Temple.

34 Geo. III. 30° Junii.

Tavistock, Sic, Roads*

Ways and Means.

'274

30° Junii. — 1 Jttlii,1784*

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Plades, in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Chtrrybrook, and to Dunna Bridge Pound, and from the Callmgton Turnpike Road to Moru'clham and New Quay, in the said County, was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 19th Day of May las^ as relates to providing effectually for the Maintenance of the National Faith, and the Public Credit, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Provision to be made for discharging the Unfunded Debt of the Public.

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Amount of the Course of the Navy, Victualling, &c. from the Time to which the same was last paid to 31st Deem-ber 1783, with the Interest computed to 5th July 1784, upon such of the Bills as carry an Interest, and distinguishing the Amount of the Interest and Non-Interest Bills in each Month, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, as far as the same can be made up, with the Amount of the Debentures now standing out, distinguishing the Amount of the Debentures issued in each Month, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Expences of the Anny, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 1st of February to the 24th of December 1783, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Savings on the Pay voted for His Majesty’s Forces during the Years 1781 and 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784, both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784* both inclusive, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 17^4> be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Inn Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital for the Year 17S4* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Additionals to Three Regiments of Foot, for the respective Times within mentioned, in the Year 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee. j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. j

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual Pre- Prevention of vention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, be read a Second lu& Time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjorned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 1° die Julii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIItil Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- ColcWtr lion the Petition of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, KUctivo. complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, being come; °

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ont £ . hundred

24 Geo. III. i° Juliu 275

hundred and Seven Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House , being locked, the Clerk Was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Two Members, then present, were draw n, who were not objected to;

And the Name of John Morllock, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Joseph Alawbey, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who w ere not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fifty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Twenty on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Two, on Account of their being Petitioners to this House, complaining of undue Elections and Returns; Twenty-one, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Four, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; Four, on Account of their Returns to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days; and One, on Account of his having voted at the sakl Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and, not excused, or set aside, being complete, Lists of the said Names w ere delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

'Dye Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Meeting House in the Parish of Llanegwad, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from Dan-yr-Allt in the said Parish of Llantgwad', to Pont-y-Berem in the Parish of Llangendeirne, in the County of Carmarthen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Meeting House in the Parish of Llanegwad, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from Dan-yr-Allt in the said Parish of Llanegwad, to Pont-y-Berem in the Parish of Llangendehne, in the County of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That Sir William Marisel do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Rieign, to exercise Trades, was read the Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Vol. 40.

be. An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as hate been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to exercise Trades.

Ordered, That Sir James Johnstone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford\ and Mr. Anguish;

' Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Longnoi1 for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Wlosur*. Undivided Inclosures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of Languor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford] without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Bishop of for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange, $} Davi<i'g agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Saint David's, tsUtc* Rector 01 the Parish and Parish Church of Batiesford, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas Edxvards Freeman, Esquire, of certain Grounds and other Hereditaments within the said Parish; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act okill’s for impowering the Trustees of the Will of John OkiU, Estate, deceased, to sell certain Leasehold Estates in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Preference to his Estates of Inheritance, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sutton's vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates, late of Sir Estate. Robert Sutton, Knight, deceased, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, and for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Sir Richard Sutton, situate in Bleazby and Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of vesting Part of the Estates, late of the Right honourable Derb/g Edward Earl of Derby, deceased, in the several Counties Estate* of Warwick, Chester, and Cambridge, in the Right honourable Edward, the present Earl of Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said present Earl of Derby, in the County of Lancaster, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto, for vesting Part of the Estates, late of the Right honourable Edwrnd Earl of Derby, deceased, in the several Counties of Warwick, Chester, and Cambridge, in the Right honourable Edward, the present Earl of Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said present Earl of Derby, in the County of Lancaster, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Okill's for impowering the Trustees of the Will of John OkiU, Estate, deceased, to sell certain Leasehold Estates in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Preference to his Estates of Inheritance, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An

Bishop of St. David's Estate.

Sheffield Elated Manufacture.

Bedford

Election.

?ost Conveyance to Ireland.

276 I ° Juki.1784.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Parian, Esquire, Francis Annesiey, Esquire, Thomas Act for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange, Aubrey, Esquire, John Mortlodc{ Esquire, 'Six Joseph agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Saint Maw bey. Baronet.

David's, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select of Battesford, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Edwards Freeman, Esquire, of certain Grounds and Sir Robert Smith, Baronet, now taken into Consideration, other Hereditaments within the said Parish, was read were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usu$l the First Time. - Manner.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both

Sides withdrew.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act of the Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, ap-intituled, "An Act for appointing Wardens and jointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted ElecAssay Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the tions.

" Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham," so far as

relates to the said Town of Shiffeld, was read a Second A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- State «f Time. posed, That a Committee be appointed for enquiring shetlan<i

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. into the present distressed State of the Shetland Islands, Island|* Duncombe, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to in consequence of the Famine prevailing the re, and to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the report the same, together with their Opinion, to the Speaker’s Chamber. House.

And the said Motion M*as, with Leave of the House,

Mr. Netill, from the Select Committee who were withdrawn, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pc-t

titicii of the Right honourable Robert Henley Ongley, Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways and

Lord Ongley in the Kingdom of Ireland, complaining Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred Means* of an undue Return for the County of Bedford, in- to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply formed the House, that the said Select Committee have granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the determined, Committee had directed him to report to the House;

That the Honourable St. AndrexoSt. John is not duly which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and Parliament for the County of Bedford: are as followeth; viz.

And also, that the said Select Committee have Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, determined, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His

That the Right honourable Robert Henley Ongley, Majesty, the Sum of Six millions be raised by Annuities;

Lord Ongley in the Kingdom of Ireland, ought to and the further Sum of Three hundred and Sixty have been returned a Knight of the Shire to serve thousand Pounds by a Lottery, in Manner following; in this present Parliament for the said County of that is to say:

Bedford. That every Contributor to the said Six millions

And the said Determinations were ordered to be shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed

entered in the Journals of this House. and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of One

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do hundred Pounds in Annuities, after the Rate of attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the last Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the 5th Return for the County of Bedford, and amend the same, Day of July 1784? and shall be added to and made by rasing out the Name of the Honourable *SV. Andrew One Joint Stock with the Three Pounds per Centum St.John, and inserting the Name of the Right ho- Annuities, consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty-nouruble Robert Henley Ongley, Lord Ongley in the fifth, Twenty-Eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty*second, and Kingdom of Ireland, instead thereof. Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent A Bill for establishing certain Regulations concerning Acts, and shall be payable and transferrable at the the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the the Post between Great Britain and Ireland, was read a same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption Second Time. by Parliament, as the said Three Pounds per Centum

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- there, mittee of the whole House. That every Contributor shall also be entitled to the

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, further Principal Sum of Fifty Pounds hi Annuities, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, to commence

the said Bill. from the 5th Day of April 1784, and shall bq added

to and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities,

The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum, which were again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend consolidated by the Acts of the Twentieth, Twenty-first, the said Select Committee delivered in to the House Twenty-second, and Twenty-third Years of the Reign One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said of His present Majesty, and be payable and transferrable Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of by Parliament, as the said Four Pounds per Centum John Murdoch, Esquire, and Sir Joseph Mawbcy, consolidated Annuities are payable and transferrable Baronet, being added, the same was called over; and is there.

as follows: That every such Contributor shall likewise be en-

Robert Smith, Esquire, the Lord Milford, James titled to an Annuity of Five Shillings and Six Pence Amyatt, Esquire, Sir John Trevelyan, Baronet, Sir John per Centum, to commence from the 5th Day of July Jervis, George Jennings, Esquire, Sir William Moles- 1784, and to continue for the Term of Seventy-five

worth, Baronet, Philip lorke, Esquire, Daniel Pulteney, Years and Six Months, and then to cease, over and Esquire, Sir Herbert Madavorth, Baronet, II tlliitm above the Principal Sums of One hundred Pounds,

after

4 Geo. III.

after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Fifty Pounds after the Rate of Four rounds per Centum per Annum, in respect of every One hundred Pounds to be contributed and paid towards raising the said Sum of Six millions; which Annuity of Five Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, so to continue for Seventy-five Years and Six Months, shall be added to and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities payable at the Bank of England, which were granted for the several Terms of Ninety-nine, Ninety-eight, Eighty, Seventy-eight, and Seventy-seven Years, and were, by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, consolidated, and made One Joint Stock of Annuities, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable at the same Time, and in the same Manner, as tire said Annuities, so consolidated by the Acts of the Fourth, Twentieth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are payable and transferrable at the said Bank of England.

That the several Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per; Centum, Four Pounds per Centum, and Five Shillings and Six Pence per Centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, a Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament for Payment thereof, and for which the Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security.

That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of Six millions shall, for every One thousand Pounds contributed, be entitled to Six Tickets in a Lottery to consist of Thirty-six thousand Tickets, amounting to Three hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, upon Payment of the further Sum of Ten Pounds for each Ticket, the said Three hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds to be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which shall be paid in Money, at the Bank of England, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, as soon after the 1st Day of March 1785, as Certificates can be prepared, without any Deduction whatsoever.

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 9th Day of July next, make a Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum on such Sum as he or she shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of Six millions, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and also a Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum with the said Cashier or Cashiers, in Part of the Monies to be contributed towards raising the said Sum of Three hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds by Lottery, as a^ecurity for making the future Payments respectively on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say,

On £. 6,000,000 to be raised by Annuities.

£15 per Centum on or before the 16th Day of August next.

£15 per Centum on or before the 17th Day of Septmber next.

£.20 per Centum on or before the 27th Day of October next.

£. 20 per Centum on or before the 7th Day of December next.

£.15 per Centum on or before the 20th Day of January 1785-

On the Lottery for £.360,000.

£.25 per Centum on or before the 20th Day of August next.

£30 per Centum on or before the 24th Day of September next.

£.30 per Centum on or before the 21st Day of October next.

Vol 40.

377

That all the Monies so to be received by the said Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

That every Contributor who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution Money, towards the Sum of Six millions to be contributed for Annuities, as aforesaid, at any Time before the 6th Day of December next, or on Account of his or her Share in the said Lottery on or before the 23d Day of September' next, shall be allowed an Interest, by way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds ])er Centum per Annum, on the Siim so completing his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the 20th Day of January 1785, in regard to the Sum to be paid for the said Annuities, and to the 21st Day of October next, in respect of the Sum to be paid on Account of the said Lottery, and that all such Persons as shall make their full Payments on the said Lottery shall have their Tickets delivered to them as soon as they can conveniently be made out.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four hundred and Forty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, out of the Monies or Savings of the several Artny Services, be applied towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 1st Day of February 1783 and the 24th Day of December follow’ing, and not provided fof by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Bills payable in the Course of the Navy Or Victualling Offices, or for Transports, which were made out on or before the respective Days following, that is to say, the 31st Ddy of August 1781, the 30th Day of November 1781, the 28th Day of February 1782, and the 30th Day of June 1782, who shall; on or before the 31st Day of July 1784, carry the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Office respectively) to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, shall have, in Exchange for the same, from such Treasurer, or his Paymaster or Cashier, a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for every entire Stini of One or more Hundred Pounds, for which such Certificates are to be made forth, and also One other Certificate for the Fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, being the Remainder of such Bill or Bills; and the Persons who shall be possessed of such first-mentioned Certificates of the (entire Sum of One or more Hundred Pounds, shall, upon the Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, be entitled, in respect of the same, to the respective Sums following, that is to say, To the Sum of £.107. 10s. 6d. Capital Stock, for each One hundred Pounds of such Bills made out on or before the said 31st Day of August 1781; To the Sum of £.103. 4$. 6rf. Capital Stock, for each One hundred Pounds of such Bills made out on or before the said 30th Day of November 1781; To the Sum of £. 102. 3s. 0 d. Capital Stock, for each One hundred Pounds of such Bills made out on or before the said 28th Day of February 1782; To the Sum of £.101. is. 6d. Capital Stock, for each One hundred Pounds of such Bills made out on or before the said 30th Day of June 1782, the said respective Capital Stocks to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1784, payable Half-yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, the said Annuities to be irredeemable 4 B until

i* Julii.

Ways and Means.

Ways and Means.

i Julii. 1784.

until Twenty-five millions of the Public Debt, bearing Resolved\ That is the Opinion of this Committee,

Interest at the Rate of either £. 3 per Centum per That there be charged for and upon all Tiles, commonly Annum, or £. 4 per Centum per Annum, shall have been called or known by the Name of Paving Tiles; exceeding redeemed and paid off, and the said Annuities to be Ten Inches Square, a Duty of Three Shillings for every charged upon a Fund to be established in this Session Hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater or less of Parliament, and for which the Fund commonly called Quantity.

The Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security. Resolved, That it, is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all Tiles, other than That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any such as are before enumerated and described, by what-Debentures payable out of His Majesty’s Office of soever Name or Names such Tiles now are or hereafter Ordnance, which were dated on or before the re- may be called or known, a Duty of Three Shillings for spective Days following, that is to say, the 30th Day every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater of November 1781, the 28th Day of February 1782, or less Quantity.

and the 30th Day of June 1782, who shall, on or be- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, fore the 31st Day of July 1784, carry the same to the That there be charged for and upon all Coals or Culm Treasurer of His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, to be usually sold by the Chalder, or by any other Means certified by him, or his Deputy or Cashier, to the Go- whatsoever reducible to the Chalder, a Duty of Three vernor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be Shillings for such Chalder of Thirty-six Bushels, Win-entitled, in respect of the same, to the respective Sums Chester Measure, and so in Proportion for any greater following, that is to say. To the Sum of £. 107. 105. 6d. or less Quantity.

Capital Stock, for each One hundred Pounds of Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

such Debentures made out on or before the said 30th That there be charged for and upon all Coals or Culm Day of November 1781; To the Sum of £. 103. 4 s. 6d. usually sold by Weight, a Duty of Two Shillings for Capital Stock, for each One hundred Pounds of such every Ton of Twenty Hundred Weight, and so in Debentures made out on or before the said 28th Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Day of February 1782; To the Sum of £. 102. 3s. od. Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Capital Stock, for each One hundred Pounds of That there be charged for and upon every Hat of a such Debentures made out on or before the said 30th superior Quality, in the Manufacture of which any Day of June 1782, the said respective Capital Stocks Hair, Wool, Beaver, or other Fur is used, of what-to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of £.3 per ever Kind or Sort the same may be, the Sum of Two Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day Shillings.

of July 1784, payable Half-yearly, in lieu of all Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

other Interest, the said Annuities to be irredeemable That there be charged for and upon every Coarse Hat; until Twenty-five millions of the Public Debt, bear- commonly called or known by the Name of a Felt Hat ing Interest at the Rate of either £. 3 per Centum per or Wool Hat, made or manufactured wholly of Sheep or Annum, or £.4 per Centum per Annum, shall have been Lamb’s Wool, the Sum of Six Pence, redeemed and paid oft’ and the said Annuities to be Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, charged upon a Fund to be established in this Session That every Person who shall keep any Horse, Mare, of Parliament, and for which the Fund commonly or Gelding, for the Purpose of riding, and not for called The Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Se- drawing, shall yield and pay Annually the Sum of Ten curity. Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for all Candles whatsoever (except That every Person who shall keep any Horse, Mare, Wax Candles) which shall be imported, One Halfpenny or Gelding, for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise, and after that Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Rate for a greater or less Quantity. ' Carriage, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or hereafter may be called or known (for or in respect That there be charged for all Candles whatsoever whereof any Rate or Duty, under the Management of (except Wax Candles) which shall be made in Great the Commissioners 01 Excise, now is or are made payable Britain, One Halfpenny for every Pound Weight by any Statute now in Force) shall yield and pay Annually Avoirdupoise, and after that Rate for any greater or less the Sum of Ten Shillings.

Quantity. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties upon Horses shall be under the That there be charged for and upon all Bricks, by Government, Care, and Management, of the Com-whatsoever Name or Names they now are or hereafter missioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the may be called or known, a Duty of Two Shillings and Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Six Pence for every Thousand, and so in Proportion for Paper.

any greater or less Quantity. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all Silks and That there be charged for and upon all Tiles, commonly Stuffs wholly made of Cotton spun in Great Britain, called or known by the Name of Plain Tiles, a Duty of Linens and Stuffs of what Kind soever, which at any Three Shillings for every Thousand, and so in Proportion Time or Times hereafter shall be printed, stained, for any greater or less Quantity. painted, or dyed in Great Britain (such Callicoes, Li-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, nens, and Fustians, as shall be dyed throughout of one That there be charged for and upon all Tiles, com- Colour only, or Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof monly called or known by the Name of Pan or Ridge the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen, always Tiles, a Duty of Eight Shillings for every Thousand, excepted) the several Rates and Duties herein after ex-and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quan- pressed, over and above dll other Duties payable for tity. the same, that is to say, for and upon all Silks so

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, printed, stained, or painted, in Great Britain (Silk That there be charged for and upon all Tiles, commonly Handkerchiefs excepted) the Sum of One Shilling for , called or known by the Name of Paving Tiles, not every Yard in Length, reckoning Half a Yard for the exceeding Ten Inches Square, a Duty of One Shilling Breadth.

and Six Pence for every Hundred, and so in Proportion Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for any greater or less Quantity. . That there be charged for all Silk Handkerchiefs so

4 printed.

GOO^k

24 Geo. III. i* Julii. 270

printed, stained, or painted, the Sum of Four Pence for every Yard Square, and in those Proportions for wider or narrower Silks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all Stuffs wholly made of Cotton spun in Great Britain, to be so printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (except as aforesaid) the Sum of Three Pence for every Yard in Length, reckoning One Yard wide, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all Linens and Stuffs (except as before excepted) to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, the Sum of Three Pence for every Yard in Length, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all Ribbands made in Great Britain, and manufactured wholly of Silk, or whereof the greater Part in Value shall be Silk, not exceeding One Third of an Inch in Breadth, a Duty of One Penny for every Twelve Yards in Length, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all such Ribbands above One-third, and not exceeding Three-fourths of an Inch in Breadth, a Duty of One Farthing for every Yard in Length, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all such Ribbands above Three-fourths of an Inch, and not exceeding Two Inches and One-half in Breadth, a Duty of One Halfpenny for every Yard in Length, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon all such Ribbands exceeding Two Inches and One-half in Breadth, a Duty of One Penny for every Yard, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon every Yard of Gauze made in Great Britain, and manufactured wholly of Silk, or in which there shall be any Mixture of Silk, being striped or figured Gauze, and not exceeding One Yard in Breadth, a Duty of Three Pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon every Yard of such Gauze, being striped or figured Gauze, exceeding One Yard in Breadth, a Duty of Four Pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon every Yard of such Gauze, being plain Gauze, and not exceeding One Yard in Breadth, a Duty of Two Pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for and upon every Yard of Gauze, being plain Gauze, and exceeding One Yard in Breadth, a Duty of Three Pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maker of Mead for Sale be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Brandy Dealer, or Person selling Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, not being a Retailer or Rectifier, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Common Brewer be obliged to take out a Vol. 40.

Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Rectifier of Spirits be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every other Distiller for Sale or Exportation be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Corn Distiller, or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn or Grain for Sale or for Exportation, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maker of any Kind of Sweets, other than Mead for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maker of Vinegar for Sale be obliged to to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Hop Planter, whose Plantation of* Hops shall exceed Two Acres, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Chandler, or Maker of Candles (other than Wax Candles) for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Soap Maker be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Paper Stainer and Maker of Paper be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Callico Printer, and every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Silks, Linens, Cottons, or Stuffs, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Starch Maker be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Wire Drawer, or other Person who shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any Gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Tanner be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Tawer be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Dresser of Hides and Skins in Oil be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Currier be obliged to to take out a Licence,

which

Ways and Means.

Ways and Means.

8o 1° Juliu 1784.

which Licence shall be changed with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maker of Vellum or Parchment be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Glass Maker be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Ten Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person in Great Britain qualified, in respect to their Property, to kill Game, shall, previous to their shooting at, killing, or destroying any Game, register their Qualifications with the Clerk of the Peace, and Annually take out Certificates thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate Annually granted to any Person qualified, in respect of his Property, to kill Game, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be paid a Stamp Duty of One Pound One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Deputation, or Appointment of a Gamekeeper, granted to any Person (not qualified in respect of his Property) by any Lord or Lady of a Manor, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be paid a Stamp Duty of One Pound One Shilling, over and above the Duty now imposed on Deeds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in' Great Britain for Writing, called Imperial, of the Value of Two Pounds Eleven Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty^ two Inches by Thirty Inches and a Quarter, an additional Duty of Three Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Super Royal, of the Value of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-seven Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Royal, of the Value of One Pound Nine Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches, an additional Duty One Shilling and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Medium, of the Value of One Pound Two Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and a Half by Twenty-two Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolvdtl, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Demy, of the Value of Sixteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and a Half by Twenty Inches, an additional Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this- Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Thick Post, of the Value of Thirteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Thin Post, of the Value of Ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and a Half, an. additional Duty of Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Small Post, of the Value of Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and a Half by Sixteen Inches and a Half, aa additional Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Fools Cap. of the Value of Nine Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and a Half by Sixteen Inches and Three Quarters, an additional Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing, called Pott, of the Value of Six Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve Inches and a Half by Fifteen Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Double Atlas, of the Value of Fifteen Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifty-five Inches by Thirty-one Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britai?i lor Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Demy, of the Value of Twelve Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and a Half by Twenty Inches, an additional Duty of Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Copy, or Bastard, of the Value of Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Twenty Inches and a Quarter, an additional Duty of Four Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Fools Cap. of the Value of Six Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and a Half Jby Sixteen Inches and Three Quarters,' an additional Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Littris Fools Cap. of the Value of Six Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and a Half by Seventeen Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Pott, of the Value of Four Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve Inches and a Half by Fifteen Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

’ That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing,

S called

44 Geo. III.

1® Julii.

a8i

called Grand Eagley or Double Elephant, of the Value 6f Four Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and Three Quarters by Forty Inches, an additional Duty of Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, Called Columbia', of the Value of Two Pounds Ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and a Half by Thirty-four Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Atlas, of the Value of Three Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by Thirty-four Inches, an additional Duty gf Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Atlas, of the Value of Two Pounds per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by Thirty-four Inches, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Small Atlas, of the Value of One Pound Ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-five Inches by Thirty-one Inches, an additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Imperial, of the Value of One Pound Ten Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimension? of Twenty-two Inches by Thirty Inches and a Quarter, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That thare be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Super Royal\ of the Value of One Pound Five Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-seven Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Long Royal, of the Value of One Pound per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Tw enty-seven Inches and a Half by Eighteen Inches, an additional Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing* or Copper Plate Printing, called Royal, of the Value of Eighteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches, an additional Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Demy, af the Value of Thirteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches by Twenty-two Inches, an additional Duty of Seven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing,

Vol. 40,

called Short Demy, or Crowns, of the Value of Nine Ways and Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding Meant, the Dimensions of Fourteen Inches by. Twenty Inches and a Quarter, or of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, an additional Duty of Five Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, '

That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing of Copper Plate Printing, called Large Fan, of the Value of Fourteen Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and a Half by Twenty Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of One Shilling. *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Small Fan, of the Value of Eleven Shillings per Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches and a Quarter by Thirteen Inches and a Quarter, an additional Duty of Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Writing or Copper Plate Printing, called Elephant, of the Value of Fifteen Shillings pa%

Ream, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight Inches, an additional Duty of Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Bank or Bankers Bills, or Notes, allowing Two Bills, or Notes, to each Sheet, an additional Duty, of One Shilling, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number of Bills, or Notes, in each Sheet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Demy, of the Value of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches by Thirty-eight Indies and a Half, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Nine Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Royal, of the Value of One Pound Four Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Half by Tw:enty-four Inches and a Quarter, or of Twenty Inches by Twenty-six Inches, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Two Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Royal Inferior, of the Value of Fourteen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Half by Twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, an additional Duty of Eight Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Medium, of the Value of One Pound per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Eighteen Inches by Twenty-three Inches, an additional Duty of Eleven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Demy Single, of the <

Value of^Seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and a Half by Twenty-two Inches, or of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-one Indies and a Quarter, an additional Duty of Ten Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper

4 C

382 i8 Julii. 1784.

Ways md ttiade in Great Britain for Printing called Demy Infe- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Means. rior, of the Value of Ten Shillings per Bundle, and That t*ie,ke b®' charged, for every Ream of Paper made upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seven- in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, not exceeding teen Inches and a Half by Twenty-two Inches, an the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches and a Half by additional Doty of Six Pence. Thirty-three Inches, an additional Duty of Eight

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pence.

That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made Crown, of the Value of Seventeen Shillings per Bundle, in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, Smaller Size, not and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of exceeding the Dimensions of Eighteen Inches and Three Twenty Inches by Thirty Inches, an additional Duty of Quarters by Twenty-seven Inches, an additional Duty Eight Pence. of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Crown in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, Demy Size, not cx-Inferior, of the Value of Twelve Shillings per Bundle, ceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and a Half and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of 'by Twenty-two Inches, an additional Duty of Five Twenty Inches by Thirty Inches, an additional Duty of Pence.

Seven Pence. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, Crown Size, not made in Great Britain for Printing, called Single exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Crown, of the Value of Thirteen Shillings per Bundle, Inches, an additional Duty of Five Pence, find upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, an additional Duty of That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made Eight Pence. in Great Britain, called Purple Royal, not exceeding the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Half by Twenty-That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper four Inches and a Quarter, an additional Duty of Four toade in Great Britain for Printing, called Single Crown Pence.

Inferior, of the Value of Eight Shilling? per Bundle, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, an additional Duty in Great Britain, called Blue Elephant, r.ot exceeding of Five Pence. . the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Inches, an additional Duty of Six Pence.

That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in Great Britain for Printing, called Demy Tissue, of That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made the Value of Eight Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, in Great Britain, called Blue Royal, not exceeding the and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Half by Twenty-and a Half by Twenty-two Inches, an additional Duty four Inches and a Quarter, an additional Duty of Eight of Five Pence. Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, iThat there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made made in Great Britain for Printing, called Crown Tissue in Great Britton, called Blue Demy, and Blossom, of the Value of Five Shillings per Bundle, and up- not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches by wards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Twenty-two Inches, an additional Duty of Six Pence. Inches by Twenty Inches, an additional Duty of Three Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pence. That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in Great Britain, called Blue Crown, Single, not ex-That there be charged, for every Bundle of Paper made ceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty-in Great Britain for Printing, called Double Pott, of Inches, an additional Duty of Three Pence, the Value of Nine Shillings per Bundle, and upwards, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches That there be charged, for every Ream of Whited Erown by Twenty-five Inches and a Half, an additional Duty Paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand Thick, of Six Pence. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Nineteen Inches and a Quarter, an additional Duty of That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made Four Pence.

in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches by Twenty-six Inches, That there be charged, for every Bundle of Whited an additional Duty of Seven Pence. Brown [Paper made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made by Nineteen Inches and a Quarter, an additional Duty in Great Britain, called Square Cartridge, not exceed- of Four Pence.

ing the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches and a Half Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by Twenty-five Inches and a Half, an additional Duty That there be charged, for every Bundle of Whited of Eight Pence. Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Lumber

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made Inches by Eighteen Inches, an additional Duty of Four in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding the Pence.

Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Twenty- four Inches, an additional Duty of Six That there be charged, for every Bundle of Whited Pence. Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Two

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper made Inches by Sixteen Inches, an additional Duty of Three in Great Britain, called Elephant Common, not exceeding Pence.

the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Inches, an additional Duty of Five Pence. That there be charged, for every Bundle of Whited

~ Brown

24 Geo. III. i° Jutii. 283

Brown Paper made in Great Britain called Single Two RThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ways and Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen That there be charged for every Bundle of Brown Means. Inches by Eleven Inches, an additional Duty of One Paper made in Great Britain, called Single Two Penny. Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Inches by Eleven Inches, an additional Duty of Two That there be charged, for every Bundle of Whited Pence.

Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Middle. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thir- That there be charged, for every Bundle of Brown ty-three Inches by Twenty-one Inches, an additional Paper made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Duty of Six Pence. Half Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Inches by Ten Inches and a Half, an additional Duty That there be charged, for every Bundle of Whited of One Penny.

Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Middle 'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two That there be charged, for every Hundred Weight of Inches by Sixteen Inches, an additional Duty of Three Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Pa-Pence. per, made in Great Britain, for Clothiers and Hot-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion- of this Committee, pressers, an additional Duty of One Shilling and Six That there be charged, for every Bundle of Whited Pence, and after those Rates for any greater or less Brown Paperniade in Great Britain, called Small Hand Quantity of such Papers, Pasteboards, Millboards,

Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty-two and Scaleboards, respectively.

Inches by Twenty Inches, an additional Duty of Four Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

Pence. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, jesty, there be reserved and made payable to His That there be charged, for every Bundle of Whited Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Rent Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Hand, of Five Shillings a Week, to be paid during the Conti-not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and nuance of every Licence granted for using Hackney Three Quarters by Sixteen Inches, an additional Duty Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, of Two Pence. and the Suburbs thereof, and the Limits of the Weekly

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bills of Mortality.

That there be charged, for every Bundle of Whited RThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, Brown Paper made in Great Britain, called Couples That there be reserved in the Receipt of His Majesty’s Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions Exchequer, the Surplus Produce of the Money to of Twelve Inches by Ten Inches, and of Nine Inches arise by the said Additional and New Duties, above by Seven Inches and a Half, an additional Duty of what will pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, and One Penny. ' Navy and Ordnance Debt to be funded, to be appli-

Resobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cable to the Discharge of the Interest of the remaining That there be charged, for every Ream of Brown Navy Bills, and for the Payment of the Ordnance De-Paper made in Great Britain, called Imperial Cap. not bentures, when the same shall become payable reexceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-nine Inches by spectively, and for the Payment of any Fund or An-Twenty-two Inches, an additional Duty of Four nuity which may be created for the Discharge of the Pence. said Navy Bills and Ordnance Debentures respec-

Resoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tively.

That there be charged, for every Ream of Brown The Six First Resolutions of the Committee being Paper made in Great Britain, called Havon Cap. not severally read Second Time, were, upon the Ques* exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the by Twenty Inches, an additional Duty of Three House.

Pence. The Seventh Resolution of the Committee being

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, read a Second Time;

That there be charged, for every Ream of Brown An Amendment was proposed to be made there*.

Paper made in Great Britain, called Bag Cap. not ex- unto, by inserting, after the Word " Bricks," the ceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and Words " which shallbemade in Great Britain." a Half by Nineteen Inches, an additional Duty of And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

Two Pence. put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ;*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That this House doth agree wife fee Com-That there be charged, for every Ream of Brown mittee in the said Resolution so amended, That there Paper made in Great Britain, called Kentish Cap. be charged, for and upon all Bricks which shall be not exceeding fee Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches made in Great Britain, by whatsoever Name or Names by Eighteen Inches, an additional Duty of Two they now are or hereafter may be called or known, a Pence. Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Thou-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, sand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less

That there be charged, for every Ream of Brown Quantity.

Paper made in Great Britain, called Four Pounds, The Eighth Resolution of fee Committee being not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches read a Second Time; ,

by Sixteen Inches, an additional Duty of Two An Amendment was proposed to be made there*-

Pence. . unto, by inserting, after the Word " Tiles," and before

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Woid " commonly," the Words " which shall be

That there be charged, for every Ream of Brown " made in Great Britain."

Paper made in Great Britain, called Small Cap. not And fee said Amendment was, upon fee Question put exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Fifteen thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Inches, an additional Duty of One Penny. Resolved, That this House doth agree wife fee Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mittee in the said Resolution so amended. That there That there be charged, for every Ream of Brown be charged, for and upon all Tiles which shall be Paperniade in Great Britain, called Double Four made in Great Britain, commonly called or known by Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty-three the Name of Plain Tilts, a Duty of Three Shillings

Inches by Twenty Inches, an additional Duty of Four for every Thousand, and . so in proportion for any

Pence. greater or less Quantity.

Vo 1. 40. The

Ways and Medns.

384 1 — a*

The Ninth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " Tiles," and before the Word " commonly," the "Words " which shall " be made in Great Britain."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That there be charged, for and upon all Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, commonly called or known by the Name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, a Duty of Eight Shillings for every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The Tenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " Tiles," and 'before the Word " commonly," the Words " which shall be " made in Great Britain."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That there be charged, for and upon all Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, commonly called or known by the Name oi'Peeving Tiles, not exceeding Ten Inches Square, a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence for every Hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The Eleventh Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " Tiles," and before the Word " commonly," the Words " which shall be " made in Great Britain."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That there be charged, for and upon all Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, commonly called or known by the Name of Paving Tiles, exceeding Ten Inches Square, a Duty of Three Shillings for every Hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The Twelfth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " Tiles," and before the Word " other," the Words " which shall be made " in Great Britain "

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That there be chargedj for and upon all Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain', other than such as are before enumerated) and described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles now are, or hereafter may be called or known, a Duty of Three Shillings for every Thousand, and so in' Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The Thirteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^- jgf? *» } 154.

[The Earl of Surrey, 1

Tellers for the Noesi Sir William Cunyng- ! 2.

t home: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Juliu 1784.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Secoftd Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upoA the said Resolutions, as agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bulb', the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, for granting Exemptions from the Duties hereby imposed upon Coals, to certain Manufactories to be therein described.

The other Orders of the t)ay being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from, The Mediterranean Seas, \n unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts, that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Julii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Retuiji for the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, and the Freeholders of the County of Bedford, be at Liberty to petition this House, to question the Election of the Right honourable Robert Hailey Ongley, Lord Ongley in the Kingdom of Ireland, within Fourteen Days next, if they think fit,

Mr. Lewis presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and

enlarge

Plate Glass Manufactory.

Bedford

Election.

Radnor, &cc. RQads.

24 GrEO. III. 2° Julii. 285

enlarge the Powers, :of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads, in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates late of Sir Robert Sutton, Knight, deceased, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, and for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Sir Richard Sutton, situate in Bleazby and Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act* to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties," and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be printed.

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 12th Day of this Instant July, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester Housey by Way of Chance, in -such Manner as may be most for his Benefit, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill ^being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of themj agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Corps of His Majesty’s Forces, for the respective Times therein mentioned, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed ' Vol. 40.

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Conveyance to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Post to upon the Bill for establishing certain Regulations con- re aD ceming the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland^ be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed,

A Petition of Captain Elliot Salter, of His Majesty’s Salur's ' Royal Navy, was presented to the House, and read; Prizei Setting forth, That the Petitioner, on the 29th of July 1782, being then Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, fell in with, and took, a French Frigate, called The Amazone, but, being the next Morning chased by the whole Ft'ench Fleet, was compelled to abandon his Prize, on Account of her disabled State, notwithstanding he might at that time easily have destroyed her, but was prevented from so doing by Motives of Humanity, on Account of the Number of the Wounded on board of her, whom it was impossible to remove; and that the Navy Board have conceived him not to be entitled, under those Circumstances, to the Head Money given by Act of Parliament, and the Petitioner is therefore compelled to apply to the House, on Behalf of himself and of the Officers and Crew of the Santa Margarettay for such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and that this Petition could not be prepared and offered to the House on or before the 16th Day of June last, being the last Day appointed for receiving Petitions for private Bills, on Account of the Petitioner not having obtained His Majesty’s Royal Approbation, which is required, by a Standing Order of the House, before a Petition of this Nature can be received; but that Approbation having now been obtained, the Petitioner hopes that, under these Circumstances, the House will permit a Petition to be offered.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Captain Elliot Salter.

Then a Petition of Captain Elliot Salter, late Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margarettay of 36 Guns, and 255 Men, in Behalf t)f himself, her Officers and Ship’s Company, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

the said Petition was brought up, and read;

4 D Setting

﻿Distress of Shetland.

86 2* JuliL784.

Setting forth, That the Petitioner, being on a Cruize off Cape Henry, on the Coast of North America, on the 29th of July 1782, fell in with, at Day-break, and gave Chace to, a Sail, which was soon after discovered to be a French Frigate, of equal force to the Santa Margaretta, hut at the same Time perceiving Eight Sail of large Ships bearing down under a Press of Sail (which proved to be Part of a Fleet of Thirteen Sail of the Line, under the Command of Monsieur Vaudrieut) he wore Ship and stood from her, having not only an Enemy but a Lee Shore to encounter; that the Frigate then gave Chace till 3 P. M. when she tacked and stood back to her Fleet, which the Petitioner had then lost Sight of from the Mast-head, excepting only a Second Frigate (supposed to be the Iris) which continued in Sight; and the Petitioner, his Officers, and Ship’s Company, having an eager Desire to bring the first-mentioned Frigate to an Action, it was judged proper to tack and stand after her for that Purpose; in a Quarter of an Hour she also tacked, and at 5 P. M. the Action commenced within Pistol-shot of each other, and continued warmly on both Sides for an, Hour and a Quarter, when she was obliged to surrender, having upwards of 80 Men killed, and 70 wounded, and proved to be LAmazo?ie> mounting 36 Guns, long 12 and 6 Pounders, and having 291 Men on board, commanaed by the Viscomte de Montguiotl, who was killed in the early Part of the Action; and that the Petitioner immediately sent a Lieutenant and One Third of his Ship’s Company on board, to take Possession of her, and shift the Officers and all such Prisoners as it jvas practicable to remove; but the Situation of L'Amazone, soon after she struck, was critical, her Main and Mizen Masts over her Side, her Hull in a most shattered Condition, several Guns dismounted, and Four Feet Water in her Hold; it was therefore judged most prudent to take her in Tow, and at Day-break the next Morning the whole French Fleet was discovered in Chace, and near up with the Petitioner, who was under the Necessity of recalling his Officers and People (after cutting away the small Remains of her Rigging) and to abandon the Prize, which might have been easily destroyed, but not being able to remove the wounded Prisoners, his Feelings could not admit of their Destruction, which in that Case must have been inevitable; and that the Petitioner, having applied to the Navy Board for Head Money for the Capture of the above-mentioned Ship, which was in his Possession Twelve Hours, and having received for Answer, that the Act of Parliament did not allow of that Bounty, as the Ship was not entirely destroyed, the Petitioner, in Behalf of himself, his Officers, and Ship’s Company, finds himself and them entirely precluded from those Advantages, which he' presumes were intended by the Legislature as an Encouragement to His Majesty’s Navy, and to which, under the Spirit of the Act, he conceives his Ship’s Company entitled from their Gallantry and very good Conduct on the above-mentioned Occasion: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as shall appear just and proper.

Ordercdy That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. William JVyndham Gremilk, Sir Peter Parker, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had lira Majesty’s Commands to lay before this House, a Petition from the Commissioners of Supply, Clergy, and Heritors, of the Country or

Islands of Shetland, in 'Behalf of the Inhabitants of those Islands, now in extreme Distress for Want of Bread, which had been presented to his Majesty, and which His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer delivered the said Petition in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Unto the King’s Most Excellent Majesty,

The Petition of the Commissioners of Supply, Clergy, and Heritors, of the Country or Islands of Shetland? in Behalf of the Inhabitants of those Islands, now in extreme Distress for Want of Bread;

Most humbly sheweth,

That the Soil, and still more the Climate, of those Islands, unpropitious to Agriculture even in the best Seasons, produce but a scanty Support for the Inhabitants, in Number about 20,000, their principal Dependence for Subsistence being upon Fish, and the Produce of their Sheep and Cattle, which in general have hitherto enabled them to buy such a Proportion of Bread as their Support required, which their small Farms seldom or never produced: In the last Seven Years Crops, there have been Four, which together, reserving Seed Corn, did not yield above One Year’s Supply of Bread, so that Three Years Provision for about 20,000 Persons has been imported in the Period mentioned (including 1,200 Bolls humanely sent them by Government) and the greatest Part of it at exorbitant Prices; their Two last Crops especially have failed in a greater Degree than ever known, and, by the Length and Severity of last Winter, most of their Sheep and Cattle have died, and also some of the poorer People themselves, for Want of the real Necessaries of Life; the Fishing too has almost totally failed; the Heritors of the Country have supported the Inhabitants until all their Resources are gone; Sir Thomas Dundas, of Kerse9 one of the greatest Proprietors, has been most benevolent; there is now indeed Bread to be bought, but the Heritors Funds being already expended, and the poorer People’s Sheep and Cattle now dead, their Distress is only aggravated by seeing a Relief which they are incapable of purchasing.

From the detached Situation of those Islands, no other Part of Your Majesty’s Dominions can, at any Time, feel an equal Degree of Distress to that now felt by their wretched Inhabitants, their Distance from the Continent rendering it impossible for them to procure a Supply of Meal in Time, which forced them to eat their Seed Corn: This Distress is, with the utmost Candour and Fidelity, now represented to Your Majesty.

However far removed, by our local Situation, from those Blessings and Advantages which Your Majesty’a Subjects derive from Your exalted Virtues, and mild and equitable Government, we, notwithstanding, feel the happy Effects of that Government, and have hitherto, and always will join our Fellow Subjects in adoring that Providence which placed Your Majesty and Your Royal Ancestors upon the British Throne, by that happy Event communicating to Millions the Blessings of Liberty, Security, and National Felicity: With all Humility and Loyalty we implore Your Royal Benevolence in Behalf of a People, who, however remote, and perhaps otherways insignificant, yet, considered. as a Nursery of Seamen, we will venture to prove, hath contributed more to the Naval Power of Your Majesty’s Empire, than any other equal Number of Your Subjects.

May it therefore please Your Majesty, . to extend Your Beneficence and Clemency to the immediate Relief of this distressed and afflicted People, in such 5 Proportion*

Adjourn*

dent.

East India Affairs.

l

24 <5eo. III. a" — s'

Proportion, and by Such Means, as Your Royal Wisdom shall suggest.

That the Blessings of Peace, Prosperity, Good Go-Terament, and Liberty, may, through Your Majesty and Your Royal Posterity, be transmitted* to the British Nation to the latest Ages, is the ardent Wish arid fervent Prayer of Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commissioners erf Supply, Clergy, and Heritors of Shetland; and they have appointed their Prases to sign this their humble Petition to Your Majesty in their Presence at Lerwick, this 27th Day of May 1784. John Bruce, Prases.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th& Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And die said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report, which was made from the Select Committee, to whom the Reports of the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, which were presented to this House upon the 16th Day of February and the 1st Day of June last, were referred; and also, for taking into Consideration the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies; and likewise, the several Papers which were presented to this House by Mr. Morton, from the said United Company, upon the 25th and 30th Days of June last;

Ordered, That the said Report from the said Select Committee, together with the Petition of the said United Company, and the said several Papers presented by Mr. Mortony be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report, Petition, and Papers.

Ordered, That the said Reports of the Court of Directors of the said United Company be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the East India Company, with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company; and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the East India Company, with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due "to the Public, ad to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon

You 40.

July. 287

the said Company; and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Dundas, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 5* die Julii; ’

Anno 24* Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1784.

1

Prayers.

A PETITION of the severed Prisoners whose Debtors Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of Petition, themselves and others confined for Debt in the County and City Gaols of the County of Chester, was presented to the House; and read; complaining of their Distress* and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Hereford the adjourned Consideration of the Motion made upon Election. Wednesday last, That the several Persons having a Right, and claiming a Right, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the City of Hereford, have Leave to withdraw their Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The^House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Motion.

And the Right honourable the Earl of Surrey, the Sitting Member, having, in his Place, acquainted the House that he consented to the withdrawing of the said.

Petition;

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Thursday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said several Persons have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

The Right honourable Charles Howard, commonly Hereford called Earl of Surrey, being chosen a Citizen to serve Writ, in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and also a Citizen for the City of Hereford, made his Election to serve for the said City of Carlisle.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the room of the said Earl of Surrey.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ari Rfetopof Act for establishing and confirming a . certain Ex- St* David's change, agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of E9t*te-Saint David's, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Battesford, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas Edwards Freeman, Esquire, of certain Grounds and other Hereditaments within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, ki the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill

Dudley

Inclosure.

288 50 Julii. A. 1784.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Mahor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Wir-cester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John JVrottesley, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Kingswinford A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Inclosure. Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and ' Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kings-winford, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John JVrottesley, Sir Edward Littleton, See: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Salford, &c. Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Road«. to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads, leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warring-ton, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Wot'slty, and Dux bury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called The South Sea, in Pen-dlebury, to Agccroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agccroft Bridge, over Kersall Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County, wras committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re|jort to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate8 ^or yestin8 ^art Estates late of the Right

tates’ honourable Edward Earl of Derby, deceased, in the

1 several Counties of Wanvick, Chester, and Cambridge,

in the Right honourable Edward the present Earl of Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said present Earl of Derby, in the County of Lancaster, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tavistock, An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual

&<r. Roads. Two Acts made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tccoistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Duma Bridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual

so much of Two Acts made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunria Bridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelham and Netv Quay, in the said County, as relates to the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Town Gate in Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Lever's to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Museum, to consider further of the Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of His Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee. y

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee,

That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Frampton whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclosure. Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land, called The Reaches, Marsh and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tound the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 3 Common Right Houses, 1 Toftstead, and 13 Acres and 2 Roods of Land; and that the whole Property in the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 102 Common Right Houses, 56 Toftsteads, and 1,943 Acres and 36 Perches of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second


Okffl's

Estate.

Lever's

Museum.

Customs on

Aliens

Goods.

Colchester

Election.

24 GeO.. III. 5 0 Julii.289

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- Esquire, whose Election for the said Borough has been

tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the determined to be void.

House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply,

compelling the Payment of the Vicar’s Stipend. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His

which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be directed him to report to the House; which he read in made Part of the Bill. his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Bill- viz.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ingrossed. That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand

Eight hundred Fifty-three Pounds Eight Shillings and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Seven Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, for for impowering the Trustees of the Will of John OkiU, defraying the Charge of several Corps of His Majesty’s deceased, to sell certain Leasehold Estates in Liverpool, Forces, for different Periods in the Year One thousand in the County of Lancaster, in Preference to his Estates Seven hundred and Eighty-four, of Inheritance, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, The said Resolution being read a Second Time, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by Second Time. the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne,

Junior, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet A Bill for amending and rendering more effectual Launceston this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of Poor-Chamber. his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better

" Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borough Ordered\ That the Bill for enabling Sir Ashton Lever " of Dunheved, otherwise Launceston, and Parish to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester <c of Saint Mary Magdalen,\x\ the County of Cornwall House, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may and for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common be most for his Benefit, be read the Third Time upon Lands within the said Borough in Trustees for the Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second ingrossed. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rose,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House the Lord Arden, &c.: And they are to meet this to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s upon the Bill to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Chamber.

Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of -

One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Exporting from, The Mediterranean Seas in unqualified Ships; and Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Hare Skins, for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Report which was made from the Committee to whom Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts, that the Petition of the several Persons resident in the Cities no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon of London and Westminster, and the Borough of South-Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations wark, and Parts adjacent, employed in the making and in America, be now read. vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver,

And the said Order being read accordingly; Hare Wool, Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other

The House resolved itself into the said Com- Materials, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on

mittee. Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Manufacture in Great Britain, was referred.

Mr. Brickdale took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Sir Watkin Leives took the Chair of the Com-

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, That mittee. they had gone through the Bill, and made several Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, That

to report, when the House will please to receive the they had come to several Resolutions; which they had same. directed him to report, when the House will please to

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow receive the same.

Morning. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Herbert Mackworth, from the Select Committee; who were appointed to try and determine the Merits The Order of the Day being read, for the House Oak Bark, of the Petition of Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, complain- to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, &c-ing of an undue Election and Return for the Borough upon the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark of Colchester, in the County of Essev, informed imported into Great Britain, and for extending seve-the House, That the said Select Committee have ral Acts of Parliament relative to the Manufacture of determined, Leather to that Part of Great Britain called Scot-

That the last Election of Members to serve in Parlia- kind; ment for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Essex, is, so far as relates to Christopher Potto', Esquire, Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee, a void Election.

And the said Determination was ordered to be en- A Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling Prevention df tered in the Journals of this House. in this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second Smuggling.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Time, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the of the whole House.

County of Essex, in the room of Christopher Potter, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday -Morning Vol. 40. 4E next.

59°

nett, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Conveyance An ingrossed Bill for establishing certain Regulations irekn^10 concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain arid 'Breland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Orde do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Comtaissiott- The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ers of Public Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Accounts, intituled, "An Act for appointing and enabling " Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, " the Public Accounts of the Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr, Attorney General, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Plate Glass The Order of the Day being read, for the House Manufactory, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

1784.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported froija the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways anj whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Means, raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways mid Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, & die Julii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1784.

Smuggling. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That the House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Distress in The House according to Order, resolved itself into hetland. a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition which had been presented to His Majesty, from the Commissioners of Supply, Clergy, and Heritors of the Country or Islands of Shetland, in Behalf of the Inhabitants of those Islands, now in extreme Distress for Want of Bread.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Sutton'*

Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled EstatC8* Estates late of Sir Robert Sutton, Knight, deceased, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton,

Baronet, his Heirs, and Assigns, and for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Sir Richard Sutton, situate in Bleazby and Southwell, in the County of Nottingham, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Kenrick, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Hungerford, &c.: And they are ’ to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s *

Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Art Wool-comb-Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses big. committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sandall, &<. Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Enclosure.

2 Fields,


34 Geo. III. 6° Juliu 291

Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of; the Manors and Lordships of Hextrope with Balby, and this House.

Long Sandall, in the Soke of Doncaster, in the West And then the Messengers withdrew.

Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Dalrymple

Birmingham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for replacing the Sum of Five thousand Five Estate. Navigation. ^ct for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of hundred Pounds, raised by Sale of Six thousand Two a Canal Navigation authorized, by an Act passed in hundred and Six Pounds Four Shillings, Three per the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty Centum consolidated Annuities, Part of Seventeen George the Third, to be made from Bii'mmgham thousand Pounds, like Annuities, mentioned in the

to Bilstone and Authei'leij, with the Company of Pro- Marriage Settlement of John Dalrymple, Esquire, and prietors of a Canal Navigation authorized, by an Act Eleanor his Wife, and applied in the Purchase of passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His certain Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estates, in present Majesty, to be made from Bb'mingham to Faze- the County of Southampton; and for vesting such ley* and for consolidating their Shares, and amending Estates in Edward Morant, Esquire, was read the First the said last mentioned Act; without any Amendment: Time.

And also, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

► Shrewsbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways and belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrews- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means. Ai/ry/and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop; to consider further of Ways and Means for raisipg the without any Amendment: And also, Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which

Sheffield The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

jiaikeu An Act for enlarging the Market Place, and regu- which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in

f lating the Markets, within the Town of Sheffield, in At the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were readand

the West Riding of the County of York; and for are as followeth; viz.

widening, and rendering more safe and commodious, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* several Streets adjoining or leading into the said That there be charged, for and upon all Bricks imported; Market Place; and for taking down the present i»to Great Britain, by whatsoever Name or Names

Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting the y now are or hereafter may be called or known, ah

others in a more proper Situation; without any Amend- additional Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence for

ment: And also, every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or

Dixon's Debt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An less Quantity.

to the Crown. Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-

Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from mittee, That there be charged, for and upon all

Francis Duron, Esquire; deceased, and his Sureties; and Tiles imported into Great Britain, commonly called

for vesting hid Estates in Trustees, and for other Pur- or khown by the Name of Plain Tiles, except Galley

poses therein mentioned; without any Amendment: Tiles, an additional Duty of Three Shillings for every And also, Thousand, and so in Proportion for any greater or less

Blagdon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Quantity.

lndosure. for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of That there be charged, for and upon all Tiles imported

Somerset; with some Amendments; to which Amend- into Great Britain, commonly called or known by the

inents the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Name of Pan or Ridge Tiles, an additional Duty of And also, Eight Shillings for every Thousand* and so in Proportion

Pwlain's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for any greater or less Quantity.

Naturaliza- for naturalizing John Joseph Mary Poulain; to which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ton* the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And That there be charged, for and upon all Tiles imported

also, into Great Britain, commonly called or known by the

Dimple's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Name of Paving 7iles, not exceedingTen Inches Square,

Estate. for replacing the Sum of Five thousand Five hun- an additional Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence for

dred Pounds, raised by Sale of Six thousand Two every Hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater or

hundred and Six Pounds Four Shillings, Three per less Quantity.

Centum consolidated Annuities, Part of Seventeen Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

thousand Pounds, like Annuities, mentioned in the That there be charged, for and upon all Tiles imported Marriage Settlement of John Dalrymple, Esquire, and into Great Britain, commonly called or known by the Eleanor his Wife, and applied in the Purchase of cer- Name of Paving Tiles, exceeding Ten Inches Square,

tain Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estates, in an additional Duty of Three Shillings for every

the County of Southampton; and for vesting such Hundred, and so in Proportion for any greater or less

Estates in Edward Morant, Esquire; to which the Quantity.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, also. That there be charged, for and upon all Tiles imported

Talbot’# The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act into Great Britain,other than such as are before enu-

Estati*. for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot, Esquire, merated and described, by whatsoever Name or Names deceased, in the County of Wills, intailed by his Will* such Tiles now are or hereafter may be called or known, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies except Galley Tiles, an additional Duty of Three Solarising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances lings for every Thousand, and so in Proportion for any affecting "the same; to which the Lords desire the greater or less Quantity.

Concurrence of this House: And also, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Hamilton s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act That there be charged, for and upon every Flat, of tv

Estate. for vesting the Estate of Dalziell, lying in the County superior Quality, imported into Great Britain, in, tha of Lanei k, in James Hamilton, Esquire, and others, in Manufacture of which any Hair, Wool,. Beaver, or other Fee Tail, under the Conditions and Limitations Fur, is used, of whatever Kind or Sort the same may within mentioned; and for vesting in the saidJames be, an additional Duty of Two Shillings.

Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com-.

Estate of Rosehall, lying in the same County, in lieu mittee, That there be charged, for and upon all Vol. 40. Coarse

Ways and Means.

292 6° Julii. 1784.

Coarse Hats, or Caps, commonly called or known by of Five Pounds per Centum, charged by several Acts the Name of Felt Hats, or Caps, or Wool Hats, or Caps, made in the Nineteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second imported into Great Britain, and made or manufactured Years of His Majesty’s Reign.

Wholly of Sheep or Lambs Wool, an additional Duty of The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Six Pence the Piece. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- agreed to T>y the House, mittee, That there be charged, for and upon all Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle-Sorts of Linen Cloth, and other Stuffs, made of, or men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a mixed with, Cotton, prihted, stained, painted, or dyed Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon in Foreign Parts, imported into Great Britain (except Thursday last, were reported from the Committee of such Linens and Cottons as are prohibited to be used the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider or worn in Great Britain) an additional Duty of Three of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Pence for every Yard in Length, reckoning One Yard His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, wide, and after that Rate for a greater or less Quan- That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One tity. of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Resolutions now

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, agreed to by the House.

That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper called

Atlas, imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Talbot's of Ten Shillings. for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot, Esquire, Efetat*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, deceased, in the County of Wilts, in tailed by his Will,

That there bie Charged, for every Ream of Paper called in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies Blue, imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty arising by such. Sale in discharging the incumbrances of Eight Pence* affecting the same, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, mittee, That there be charged, for every Ream of

Paper called Broom and Brown Cap. or Whited Brown* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hamilton's imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of Four for vesting the Estate of Dalziell, lying in the County Estate. Pence. of Lanerk, in James Hamilton, Esquire, and others,- in

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fee Tail, under the Conditions and Limitations within That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper called mentioned, and for vesting in the said James Hamilton, Cartridge, imported into Great Britain, an additional his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Duty of Eight Pence. Rosehall, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof, was

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, read the First Time.

That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper called Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Demy, imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty

of Orle Shilling and Nine Pence. Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee to whom Plymouth,

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from &c- Roa'is* That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper called the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, through Elephant, imported into Great Britain, an additional Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge; and from the Duty of pour Shillings. West End Of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier

Resokted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Da-That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper called marel, in the said County, for lighting, watching, and Imperial, imported into Great Britain, an additional watering the said Road, and for regulating the Stands.

Duty of Ten Shillings. and Fares of Carriages using the same, was . coin-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper called gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

JHedxum, imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, of One Shilling and Six Pence. and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, had directed him to report to the House; and he That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper called read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Post, imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table:

of One Shilling. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the That there be charged, for every Ream of Paper called Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Royal, imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty House.

of Four Shillings. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ingrossed.

That there be charged, for every Ream of Ordinary

Paper (not included under either of the aforegoing The House being informed that Mr. Hooker, from the Duties on Heads) imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was Carriages of Six Pence. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, pursuant to their Order,

That there be charged, for every Hundred Weight A List of the Persons in England who have paid the Avoirdupoise of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Duty upon Carriages liable to Excise Duties, in the and Glazed Paper, for Clothiers and Hotpressers, im- Years ending 5th July 1781, 1782, and 1783; distin-ported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of One guishing each Year, and mentioning the Places of Abode,

Shilling and Sixpence. together with the Number of Carriages for which each

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Com- Person has paid the said Duty; the whole placed mittee, That the said additional Duties, and also Alphabetically, such of the additional and New Duties which, upon And then he withdrew.

Thursday last, were reported from the Committee of And the Title of the Book, containing the said List,

the whole. House, to whom it was referred to consider was read.

of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table,

to His Majesty, as shall respectively be put under the to be perused by the Members of the House.

Management of the Commissioners of the Customs, or The said Book is preserved amongst the other

Excise, be subject to the respective additional Duties Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

2A Geo. III. 6° Julii. 293

Ordered, That Mr. Eden do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from, The Meditwranean Seas in unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts, that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America, was committed.

Mr. Eden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Distress in The Marquis of Graham, according to Order, re-

Shetiand. ported from the Committee of the whole House, to

whom it was referred to consider of the Petition, which had been presented to His Majesty, from the Commissioners of Supply, Clergy, and Heritors, of the Country or Islands of Shetland, in Behalf of the Inhabitants of those Islands, now in extreme Distress for Want of Bread, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, most humbly to thank His Majesty, for His Majesty’s gracious Attention to the Wants and Distresses of His People, in the Communication , His Majesty has been pleased to make to this House, of the Petition of the Inhabitants of Shetland to His Majesty; and to assure His Majesty that this House has taken the same into their earliest Consideration, and most humbly beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give such Directions as may tend most effectually to avert the Evils that are to be apprehended from the calamitous State of the Inhabitants of the Shetland Islands; and to assure His Majesty, JLhat this House will make good, out of the first Aids that shall be granted by Parliament, such Expences as shall be incurred by His Majesty, in relieving the Misery to which His Majesty’s unhappy Subjects may be reduced.

And the Marquis of Graham moved the House accordingly.

iddress Resolved, That ati humble Address be presented to tfiereon. His Majesty, most humbly to thank His Majesty, for His Majesty’s gracious Attention to the Wants and Distresses of His People, in the Communication His Majesty has been pleased to make to this House, of the Petition of the Inhabitants of Shetland to His Majesty; and to assure His Majesty, that this House has taken the same into their earliest Consideration, and most humbly beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give such Directions as may tend most effectually to avert the Evils that are to be apprehended from the calamitous State of the Inhabitants of the Shetland Islands; and to.assure His Majesty, that this House will make good, out of the first Aids that shall be granted by Parliament, such Expences as shall be incurred by His Majesty, in relieving the Misery to which His Majesty’s unhappy Subjects may be reduced.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Expences of Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to en-onEa^Undia flu*re *nto> an(* consider of, the Expences incurred by Affairs. the Clerks, Solicitors, and other Persons employed Vol. 40.

by the Committees of Secresy appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War in The Carnatic, and of the Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and also, in Support of the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in The East Indies; together with what Compensation may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerks, Solicitors, and others, for their Trouble and Attendance upon those Occasions, and to report the same to the House.

' And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Eden, Mr. Pulteney,

Mr. Poulett, Mr. Rose, Mr Steele, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Dempster, the Marquis of Graham, the Lord Mahon, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Richard Sutton, Mr. Murray, Mr. Wilberforce, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Burke, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Long, Mr. Smith, Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Pop-ham. Sir John Johnstone, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Pelham, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Powys, Mr. Butler,

Mr. Aubrey, the Lord Westcote, Mr. Duncombe, Mr.

Strutt, Mr. Orchard, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Milnes, Mr. Goddard: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr.iiase presented to the House, according to Order, Commis-a Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts Accounts of the Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Bill; a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery: And the same &c* was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an East Inch* Account of the Supplies sent to Fort Saint George and Affairs. Bombay from Bengal, from the 30th of April 1778 to the Date of the latest Advice.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman JVatson do make the Exporting Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Skins> whom it was referred to consider of the Report which &c* was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons resident in the Cities of London and Westminster', in the Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, employed in the making and vending Beaver Hats, and Hats mixed with Beaver, Hare Wool,

Coney Wool, Goats Wool, and other Materials, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others concerned in the said Manufacture in Great Britain, was referred.

Mr. Alderman Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to/the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Exportation of all British Hare Skins, and British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, be prohibited; and that not any of the said Skins shall /be stained or dyed. /

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Turkey Goat Hair, or Turkey Goats 4 F Wool,

294

6° — f

A. 1784.

Regulation of East India Affairs.

Totnes

Roads.

Wool, be permitted to be imported from Foreign Parts, Duty-free.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toi)y the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Watson, Sir Watkin Lewes, Sir Joseph Mawbey, the Earl of Surrey, and Mr. Beaufoy, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Salford, &c. Roads.

M1

Stafford

Gaol.

Mercurii, 7° die Julii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

R. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads, leading to and from the Towns of Salford\ Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duvbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called The South Sea, in Pen-dlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane to Daxvson Lane End, and also from Age-croft Bridge, over Kersall Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Philip Jennings Clerke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Tertn and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of certain of His Majesty’s 4

Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Inge, Esquire, being examined, said, That the present County Gaol at Stafford is ill constructed, too small, greatly gone to Decay, and very inconvenient and inadequate for the Security and Accommodation of Prisoners — That the House of Correction at Stafford is in a ruinous Condition, and very insecure and incommodious, there being no Yard or Outlet for the Convenience of separating the Prisoners; — that the said Prison belongs to the County of Stafford, and is situate over a Gateway belonging to the Corporation of Stafford.

And the Witness further said, That the building of a New County Gaol in a proper Situation, and converting the present County Gaol into a House of Correction, would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the said County; and that, at a very respectable Meeting of Gentlemen at the Quarter Sessions, it was unanimously agreed, that Directions should be given for an Application to Parliament for effecting the above Purposes.

And the "Witness added, That there is now in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County, the Sum of £. 2,200, which, in the Year 1771, was raised upon the Inhabitants of a Part of the said County, as a Forfeiture for not raising the Militia; and also, the Sum of £.1,125. 11 id. which, in the Year 1775>

was raised in the same Manner, and on the like Account.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Alderman Newnham reported from the Com- Tawn-mittee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and ren- brokers der more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to " attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or " untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful " Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of " Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public-Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same relates the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods,

to

and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with The Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Lord Hinchingbrook do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

A Motion

Insolvent Debtors.

Blagdon

Inclosure.

34 Geo. III.

70 Julii.

I39-h>) 6.

A Motion was rpade, and the Question being put, That the ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Case9, be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdtefor 1

Tellers for the Noe,{^r

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resotoed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases.

Ordered, That the Lord Maitland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the County of Somerset.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Pr. 1. 1. 21. Leave out from " and " to tc seised " in Line 24.

Pr. 22. 1. 27. Leave out from " Award " to " and " in Press 24, Line 2.

Pr. 24. 1. 22. Leave out from " Lands" to " the" in 1. 24, and insert " in lieu of." 1, 27. Leave out from " Lands" to "he" in Line 30, and insert " as " shall, in the Judgment of the " said Commissioners, or any Two of them, be of the full Annual Value of Fifty-nine " Pounds, exclusive of the Value of the Tythes of Corn and Hay, payable out of such Allotment, the Value of such " Tythes to be ascertained and tc settled by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them.’’

Pr. 26. 1. 18. After " said" insert " George Crossman?

Pr. 30. 1. 5. After " satisfied" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) 44 And be it further Enacted,

44 That it shall be lawful for the " Rector of the said Parish, and " any other Person to whom any Allotment shall be made by virtue of this Act, in respect " of any Church or Chapel (by 44 and with the Consent of the " Lord Bishop of Bath and " Wells, such Consent to be tes- tified by Writing under his " Hand and Seal) to giant any " Lease or Leases to any Person or Persons, of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted to the said Rector, or such other Person as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, for any Term or " Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, 44 to be computed from the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, so as no such Lease be made dispunishable of Waste, and that no sum of Money be " taken by way of Fine for

Vox,. 40.

295

44 any such Lease, and so as the " Rent or Rents thereby to be reserved be made / payable Half-yearly to the Rector of the said Parish, or the Person who shall, for the Time being,

" be the Owner and Proprietor of the Land so to be allotted in respect of any Church or Chapel, and that the usual Powers of Re-entry on Non- payment of such Rent or " Rents, and such other neces- sary Clauses and Covenants be contained therein as are " usually inserted in Leases,

44 and so as the Lessee in every such Lease do execute and deliver to the Lessor a Coun- terpart of the same; and every Lease so to be made as aforesaid shall be good, va- »

44 lid, and effectual in the Law,

" to all Intents and Purposes,

" any Law, Usage, or Custom,

" to the contrary notwithstand*

44 ing."

Pr. 3*- L 5*. After whatsoever" insert Provided always, That no Ex-r 44 change shall be made of any of the Lands to be allotted to thq Rector of the said Parish,

44 or to any other Person, in respect of any Church or Chapel, by virtue of this Act,

44 without the Consent and Ap- probation of the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, by Wri- ting under his Hand and " Seal."

Pr. 39. 1. 14. After "Life" insert "except the Rector of the said Parish, and " also except the Person or Per-

44 sons to whom any Land shall be allotted by virtue of this " Act, in respect of any Church or Chapel.

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East Indi* the United Company of Merchants of England trading Affairs, to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Supplies sent to Fort Saint George and Bombay from Bengal, from the 30th of April 1778 to the Date of the latest Advices.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to discontinue the Petty Custom Custom on on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the AliensGoods. Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported

<2o6 70 Julii. A. 1784.

imported from, The Mediterranean Seas in unqualified Ships; and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts, that no Part of the 01‘d Subsidy shall !>e drawn - back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One pei' Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from, The Mediterranean Seas in unqualified Ships; and -for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts, that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Eden do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Expence of Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to en-

C" quire into, and consider of, the Expences incurred by

Affaire. l*ie Clerks and other Persons employed by the Select Committees appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa; together with what Compensation may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerks and others, for their Trouble and Attendance upon those Occasions, and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Maitland, Mr. Long, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Burke, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. For, Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Scott, Mr. Boughton Rouse, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Rose, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord AJulgrave, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Steele, Mr. Buncombe, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Eden, the Lord Ongley, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Salt, Mr. Ewh\ Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Morton Pitt, the Lord Midleton, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Pouletty the Lord Delaval, Mr. Baring, Mr. Gipps, Sir Thomas Frankland, the Lord Arden, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Buller, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Sir John Jervis: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Answer to The Lord Gallway reported to the House, That

Address. their Address of Yesterday (to beseech His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to give such Directions as may tend most effectually to avert the Evils that are to be apprehended from the calamitous State of the Inhabitants of the Shetland Islands; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good, out of the First Aids that shall be granted by Parliament, such Expences as shall be incurred by His Majesty, in relieving the Alisery to which His Majesty’s unhappy Subjects may be reduced) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Bedford A Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John,

Election. was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election of Alembers to serve in Parliament for the County of Bedford, the Right honourable the Earl of Upper Ossoiy in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right honourable Robert Henley, Lord Ongley, of the said Kingdom of Ireland, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that William Goldsmith, Esquire, the Sheriff of the said County, who presided at the said Election, declared that the Numbers on the Poll were, for the Earl of Upper Ossory 1,050, for the Petitioner 974» and for the said Lord Ongley 973; -and, the said Lord Ongley presented his Petition to the House, stating, among other Things, that of the Votes

given and received by the said Sheriff at the said Election, a greater Number was given in Favour of him the said Robert Henley Lord Ongley, than in Favour of the Petitioner, and that the said Sheriff ought to have returned the said Lord Ongley as one of the Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Bedford, instead of the Petitioner, and praying, that the Return of the said Sheriff might be amended, and the said Lord Ongley9s Name inserted therein in the Stead of the Petitioner; and that the said Petition was, by an Order of the House, referred to a Select Committee, and came on to be heard cm the 2 2d Day of June last, and the said Committee, on the 29th Day of the same Month, resolved, That the said Sheriff ought to have taken the Vote of William Lugsden from the Poll of the Petitioner, and added it to the Poll of the said Lord Ongley, and on the 1st Day of July Instant determined, that the said Lord Ongley ought to have been returned, and the said Resolution having been reported to the House, the said Return h&th accordingly been altered; and that the said Lord Ongley, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the issuing of the Writ for the said Election, and previous to and during the Poll, by himself and his Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf, and at the Charge, of the said Lord Ongley, did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage to give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said County, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said County, Aleat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision; and, the said Lord Ongley did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, alid engage to give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said County, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said County, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, as aforesaid, in order to procure himself to be elected for the said County; and that the said Sheriff rejected a great Number of Persons who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and who ought to have been admitted, having a Right to vote at the said Election, and admitted upon his Poll for the said Lord Ongley a great Number of Persons w'ho were not Freeholders, or were otherwise disqualified from voting, and ought to have been rejected; and that the said Lord Ongley, by himself and his Agents, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and previous to and during the said Election, was guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, in order to procure himself to be returned for the said County; and by such illegal and undue Aleans, the said Lord Ongley obtained the Admission of so many Votes in his Favour on the Poll as, upon a Deduction of One Vote from the Petitioner’s Number on the Poll, and an Addition of it to his own, have caused his Name to be inserted in the Return, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by the Alajority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as the Nature of the Petitioners Case shall require.

And a Alotion being made, and the Question bein* proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 12th Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment w^as proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words c< Tuesday the 12th " Day of October,99 and inserting the Words Thursday " the 22d Day of July " instead thereof.

And the Question beinjj put. That the Words " Tuesday the 12th Day of October " stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered,


Regulation of East India Affairs.

Expencsa of Committee on East India Affairs.

Supply Bill; Candles, &c.

Supply Bill; Annuities.

24 Geo. III.

'f:. — %°Junii.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 12th Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel,- or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Expences incurred by the Clerk to the Committee, to whom the Paper, intituled, " The Report of the Court of Directors of " the United Company of Merchants of England, " trading to The East Indies, in Obedience to an Or- der of the Honourable House of Commons, dated V 23d January 1784;" and also, the Paper, intituled* " Report of the Court of Directors of the East India tc Company, containing such further Information as " has been received since making up their Report " presented to the House on the 16th of FebruaTy last," were severally referred; together with what Compensation, may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerk for his Trouble and Attendance on the said Committee; and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Eden, Mr. Parry, Mr. Ord, Admiral Hood, Mr. Pturner, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Crewe, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Gascoyne, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Salt, Mr. Bastard, the Lord Arden, Mr. Rolle, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Burke, Sir William Dolben, Mr. Smith, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, Mr. Poulett, the Lord Mahon, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Hussey: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for laying additional Duties upon all Caodles (except Wax Candles) and for more effectually Securing the Duties upon Candles: And the same was received; and read the 'First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was read a Second Time. .:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Tliht the Bill be committed to>a Committee of the whole House. -v \

Resolved, That this Mouse-will, Tomorrow Morning, Vol. 40.

297

resolve itself into a Cofnmittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners Commission-further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts ers of Public of the Kingdom, was read a Second Time. Accounts.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Oak Bark, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain, and for extending , „

several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Prevention of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Smuggling. House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running joi prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Friday Morn- Supply* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Hou^e accounted till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 8# die Julii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1784. *

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Woodstock, Act for amending several Roads leading from Wood- &c. Roads. stock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oaf ord; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sheppard's for compleating, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Shord Roads. Road from Rowd Ford, through the Devizes Market Place, to Sheppard's Shord, and from the East End of Devizes to the Top of Red Hone, in the County of Wilts, and for changing and altering Part of the said Road; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Llanegwad Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, Roads, the Roads leading from the Meeting House in the Parish of Llanegwad, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from Dqn-yr^Allt in the said Parish of Llanegwad, to Pont-y-Berem in the Parish of Llangm-deirne, in the County of Carmm'fthen; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Comim-Act to authorize tl^^Conwiseioiiers of the Customs in ported into 4 G England*?*

by ^.

2^8

8' Julii.

A. 1784.

Manufactories in Scotland.

England and Scotland to cancel Bonds given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain} on certain Conditions therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories; and for extinguishing the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories called the Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to exercise Trades; without any Amendment: And also,.

Daltons and The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Drummond’s confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed upon

Manufacture,

Soldiers, Sec. to exercise Trades,

Estates.

Dalton's

Estate.

between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, and Gcorse Drummond\ Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence X)f this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend a Poiver vested in John Dalton, Esquire, to grant Leases, so far as it concerns certain Lands and Hereditaments within the Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain and amend a Power vested in John Dalton, Esquire, to grant Leases, so fyr as it concerns certain Lands and Hereditaments within the Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fiyerage, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dalton’s and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Es\atem0nd8 ^or con®rm^nS anc* establishing an Exchange, agreed £tac‘ upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, and George Drummond, Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

for naturalizing John Joseph Mary Poulain, was read the First Time,

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second'Time.

A Petition of several Merchants and Manufacturers Sheffield in and near the Town of Birmingham, w as presented to J>Jatc<* the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending before the House, to grant partial Advantages to Manufacturers of Silver and Plated Wares made in the Town of Sheffield\ and which may prove injurious to those settled at and in the Neighbourhood of Birmingham; and that, although the Method proposed by the said Bill would have a Tendency to support the Credit of Plated Wares, yet it would not be sufficient to prevent the Deceptions that are practised in that Manufactory, and in Imitations of it: And therefore praying for Permission to shew Cause why the said BiH should not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing " Wardens and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought " Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham " so far as relates to the said Tow n of Sheffield, is committed.

Dalton's

Estate.

Plymouth, &c. Hoad.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported Lower from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and ^nr^*re inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, in the County of Warwick, was-committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and also to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 2$ Yard Lands, who could not be met with; and also, except the Prbprie-for of about 2 or 3 Acres of Odd Lands, who had not been applied to; and that the Whole of the Property intended to be inclosed consists of 1311 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the List of the Persons in England Duties who have paid the Duty upon Carriages liable to Ex- Carria&es* cise Duties, in the Years ending 5th July 1781, 1782, knd 1783; distinguishing each Year, and mentioning the Places of Abode, together with the Number of Carriages for which each Person has paid the said Duty, the whole placed Alphabetically (which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last) be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County; for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through Franhfoi't Gate to Stonehouse Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the send County; for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road; and for do examine the same, and report to the House their

ilnflti rm V 4* a M/In J ma/* at I n m*ln uni a I lnflAMimfi < am 4a mmIU mi nn4 a Ka II a a

Poulain’* Na-turaUzatioifc

regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Observations thereupon, together with what shall appear to them most expedient for the better collecting of the said Duty.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Eden, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Burke, Mr. Hussey, Sir John Wrottesley, the Lord Beauchamp, Sir William Lemon,

Mr,

4 Geo. . Ill*

Mr. Call\ Mr. Duncmbe, Mr. Bastard, Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Parry, Sir Edward Littleton Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Po-chin Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. 7?o/fc, Mr. Stanley, Mr. 0;v/, Mr. Anson, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Co/es, Mr. Phipps, Mr. Mr. Mr. Jfoi-

iw/g?, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Aubrey, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Steele, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Lever's The Order of the Day being read, for the Third

Museum. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance, in such Manner as may be most for his Benefit;

Ordered, That the said Bill be how read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

litsolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way of Chance.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desise their Concurrence.

Sheffield Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the toeMaDU" Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing u Wardens and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought i " Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham," so

far as relates to the said Town of Shffisid, is committed.

| Supply Bill; Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-Bricks, kc. der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

I Supply Bill; Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Paper, &c. a Bill for laying additional Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Prevention of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Smuggling. to resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

I Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbci't also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move,1 that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to Vol. 40,

*99

prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Stafford a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Gaol* Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of certain of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of Stafford’ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Militia* directing the Payment into His Majesty’s Exchequer of ail Sums, that have been raised and levied upon any County of Great Britain, for not having raised the Militia for the said County: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Sir John Wrottesley do prepare, and briDg in, the same.

Ordered, That Sir George Howard, Mr. Jenkinson, Expences of Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. North, and Mr. Yorke, be Committees added to tile Committee who are appointed to enquire Indla into and consider of the Expences incurred by the 81 Clerks, Solicitors, and other Persons, employed by the Committees of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War in The Carnatic, and of the Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and also in Support of the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and high Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them, whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and President, Counsellors and Members of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, in the East Indies;, together with w’hat Compensation may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerks, Solicitors, and others, for their Trouble and Attendance upon those Occasions, and to report the same to the House*

Ordered, That so much of the Order, made upon Order Thursday last, for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills, ^charged* upon the Resolutions which \yere that Day reported from the Committee *of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, as relates to the bringing in a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolution? for charging a Duty upon Coals, be discharged.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Annuities, raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-' ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovr Morning.

The House was moved, That the flntries in the Sir Elijah Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of May 1782, In>Pey* of the Resolution of the House respecting Sir Elijah Impcy, Chief Justice of the Supreme, Court of Judica* ture at Fort William in Bengal, together with the Address of this House for recalling the said Sir Elijah Impey, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Mr.

Journal Hatting*.

Supply Bill; Candles, &c.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Oak Bark,

kc.

-Dtwnton

Election.

3 oo

8* — 9’

A. 1784.

journal of the House, of the 28th Day of May 1782, of the Resolution of the House iii relation to the Recall of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General 6f Bengal, might be read.

And the same wais read accordingly.

A Dill for laying additional Duties upon all Candles (except Wax Candles) and for more effectually securing the Duties upon Candles, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill bfc committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. iGilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive. the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

‘ Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain, and for extending several Acts of Parliament, relative, to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 9° die Julii,

Anno 240 Georgii IIP1 Regis, 17

Prayers.

MR. Barry, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Henry Seymour Coirway, and Robert Shafto, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Name's are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the Honourable Edward Bouverie and William Scott, Doctor of Laws; and also, the Petition of Jtimes Hill arid George Quinton, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, severally containing of Jan undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, acquainted the House, That the said Committee desired Leave to adjourn till Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, such Adjournment being at the Request of the Counsel, and with the Consent of all the Parties. k And a Motion being made, and the Question beiffg proposed, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn till Albnday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the ' Jobriralof the Hduse of the 23d Day nf Fcbritary, 'and 7

the 9th Day of A1arch, 1781, of the Proceedings of the House on giving Leave to the Select Committees appointed to try and determine the Merits of the several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns for the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, to adjourn for a certain Time, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn till ATonday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Duties on the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Tea, be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing the Net Sums earned to the several distinct Subsidies, to which the Duties of Customs on Tea are applicable, for Ten Years, ended the 5th of January 1781, with a Medium of the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ord&ed, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Totnei an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Ma- Roadw jesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titld be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the TbWn and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Jennings Clerke do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rolle reported'from the Committee, to Whom Exeter Pooti the Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor, of the City and County of Exon, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report tho same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and ho read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, seve* ral Acts, passed in the Ninth and Tenth of William. the Third, the Thirty-first of George the Second, and the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Poor of the said City and County, were read: And,

Mr. Joseph Burrows being examined, said, That "by the great Increase of the Poor of the said City and 1

County, by the increased’ Price of Provisions, and by the Expences incurred by the embodying the Militia, the Petitioners have contracted a Debt of £. 4,500 and upwards, which they are incapable to discharge without the Aid of Parliament — Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Richard Chamberlain.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend several Acts of Parliament, for erecting hospitals and Workhouses, within the City and County of the City of Exon; for the better employing and maintaining the Poor; and to raise further Sums of Money for more effectually carrying tho Purposes of the said Acts into Execution; And that Mr. Rolle, Mr. Baring, Sir Charles Warwick Bdmp* fylde, and Mr. Bastard, do prepare, and bring in, Yfrq same,

'Mr.

Salter's

Prise.

24 Geo. III. 9° Julii. 301

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville reported from the next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Committee, to whom the Petition Of Captain Elliot to consider of the said Report.

8ailer> late Commander of ills Majesty's Ship Santa

Margarettw, of 36 Guns and 255 Men, in Bfehalf of An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Lower

himself, her Officers and Ship’s Company, was refer- Open and Comtnou Fields, Meadows, and Commons, ®rajlles

red; That the Committee had examined the Matter or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, Dc0sarc#

©# Fact contained in the said Petition, and had directed in the County of Warwick, was read the Third

him to report a State thereof to the Bouse; and he read Time.

the Report in hfe Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Ibltoweth; viz. Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons or Waste

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Lands, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, in the County Petition is as follows: of Warwick.

It appeared from the Testimony of Lieutenant Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-Love Constable, the Second Lieutenant on board burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their the said Ships that Captain Salter, the Petitioner, Concurrence,

bein<* on a Cruize off Cape Henry, on the Coast of Lforth America, on the 19th of July 1782, fell An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Frampton in with, at Day-break, and gave Chace to, a Sail, several Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and Incl°surc*

which was soon after discovered to be a French other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within

Frigate, of equal Force to the Santa Margarctta; but the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in at the same Time perceiving Eight Sail of large Ships the County of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land bearing down under a Press of Sail (which proved called The Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes's, in and near to be Part of a Fleet of Thirteen Sail of the Line, to the said Parish of Frampton, was read the Third

under the Command of Monsieur Vaudrieul) they Time.

wore Ship, and stood from her, having not only an Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the

Enemy, but a Lee-Shore to encounter: The Frigate Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several

then gave them Chace, till 3 P. M. when she tacked Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Com-and stood back to her Fleet, which they had then lost monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish Sight of from their Mast-head, excepting only a of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Second Frigate (supposed to be the Iris) which conti- Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The nued in Sight — That Captain Salter, Officers, and Reaches, Marsh, and Holmess, in and near to the said Ship’s Company, having an eager Desire to bring the Paris of Frampton.

first-mentioned Frigate to an Action, it was judged Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to proper to tack and stand after her for that Purpose; the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, in a Quarter of an Hour she also tacked, and at

5-P. Li. the Action commenced, within Pistol-shot of A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ipswich each other, and continued warmly on both Sides for thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve Election-an Hour and a Quarter, when she was obliged to in Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, was deli-surrender, having upwards of 80 Men killed, and 70 Vered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, bounded; that she proved to be LAmazone, mount- at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parlia-ing 36 Guns, long 12 and 6 Pounders, and having ment for the Borough of Ipsrvich, in the County of 291 Men on board, commanded by the Viscomte Suffolk, which was had on the 25th Day of June last, de Montguiote, who was killed in the early Part of the Robert Thornton and Charles Alexander Crickitt,

Action. Captain Salter immediately sent a Lieutenant Esquires, were Candidates; and that, after the Teste and and One Third of the Ship’s Company on board, to issuing of the Writ for the said Election, the said Charles take Possession of her, and shift the Officers and all Alexander Crickitt, by himself, and his Agents and such Prisoners as it was practicable to remove — That Managers, made very large Promises of Presents and the Situation of LAmazone, soon after she struck, was Rewards to many of the Electors of the said Borough, critical, her Main and Mizen Masts over her Side, if they the said Electors would vote for the said Charles her Hull in a most shattered Condition, several Guns Alexander Crickitt at such Election; and that, after dismounted, and Four Feet Water in her Hold; it the Teste and issuing of the said Writ, and previous was therefore judged most prudent to take her in Tow, to the said Election, the said Charles Alexander Crickitt, and at Day-break the next Morning the whole French by himself, or by his Agents and Managers on his Fleet was plainly discovered in Chace, and near up Behalf, and at his Charge, did give and allow to to them, which put Captain Salter under the Necessity divers Persons having Votes in such Election, Money, of recalling his Officers and People (after cutting Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and did away the small Remains of her Rigging) and to make Promises to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, abandon the Prize, which might have been easily Entertainment, and Provision to ‘divers Persons hav-destroyed; but not being able remove the wounded ing Votes in such Election, in order to be elected to Prisoners, his Feelings could not admit of their De- serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that struction, which in that Case must have been in- the said Charles Alexander Crickitt did, by himself, or evitable. his Agents and Managers, by many and flagrant

It further appeared, by Documents produced to your Acts of Bribery and Corruption, bribe and corruptly Committee, That the said Captain Salter had applied to procure a great Number of the Electors of the said the Navy Board for Head Money, for the Capture of Borough to vote for him the said Charles Alexander the said Ship, and had received for Answer, that the Act Crickitt at the said Election; and, by M§ans of those, of Parliament did not allow of that Bounty, as the Ship and other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable was not entirely destroyed; which it appeared, from the Practices, the said Charles Alexander Crickitt did iri-Evidence of the above-mentioned Witness, could most fluence, obtain, and procure a great Number of Voters easily have been effected. to poll at the said Election for the said Charles

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to Alexander Crickitt, and thereby obtained a Majority of the Consideration of a Committee of the whole corrupt Votes over the said Robert Thornton, who was House. duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning the refore praying the House to take the Premises into Vol. 40. 4 H Consideration,

302 9

Consideration, and to give tlifc Petitioners such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 2d Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petition.

Dockyards. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for* other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. James Luttrell and Mr. Aldridge do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Supply Bill; Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Hats. a gjii for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Hats made or manufactured in Great Britain, and for lading additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Commission- ^r* Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the ers of Public Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Accounts. for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Auuuitie*. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Prevention of Mr. Gilbei't, according to Order, reported from the Smuggling. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Laws made to

i y 8 4

prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Mouse; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Smuggling, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Plate Glass resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manufacture, consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Sevennight,’* and inserting the Words " Three Months instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Sevennight" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Three Months" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Regulating House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Regula- East India tion and Management of the Affairs of the East India Affalrs* Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates Supply Bill; and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Bricks, &c. Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

next,

GOOgW

Talbot's

Estate.

Dalton's and Drummond’s Estate.

DalrympVs

Estate.

Hamilton’s

Estate.

24 Geo. III. 90 — 12° 303

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Earl of to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of the Right Derby's Supply granted to His Majesty. honourable Edward Earl of Derby, deceased, in the Estate-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- several Counties of Warwick, Chesterand Cambridge, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole in the Right honourable Edward the present Earl of House, upon the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of*

Oak Bark imported into Great Britain, and for ex- the said present Earl of Derby, in the County of Lan-tending several Acts of Parliament, relative to the caster, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Ex-Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain change for the same, was committed; That the Corn-called Scotland. mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

next, Ten of the Clock. Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

House, without any Amendment: And he delivered ~ — the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Dunce, 12* die Julii; Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill Anno 240 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784. to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House

hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, intailed by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging thfe Incumbrances affecting the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hussey, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, and George Drummond\ Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Maitland, Sir Thomas Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for replacing the Suln of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, raised by Sale of Six thousand Two hundred and Six Pounds Four Shillings, Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Part of Seventeen thousand Pounds, like Annuities, mentioned in the Marriage Settlement of John Dalrymple, Esquire, and Eleanor his Wife, and applied in the Purchase of certain Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estates, in the County of Southampton, and for vesting such Estates in Edward Morant, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dalrymple, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Dalzicll, lying in the County of Lanerk, in James Hamilton Esquire, and others, in Fee Tail, under the Conditions and Limitations within mentioned, and for vesting in the said James Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Rosehally lying in the same County, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time. v

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Hunter Blair, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Vox.. 40.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone Reported from trie Com- Forth and mittee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Na* Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was vlgation* referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation, nor to raise any further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W'here the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and

maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the " Firth or River of Foi'th, at or near the Mouth of " the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to c< the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place " called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to'

" the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable " Cut or Canal of Communication from the Port and " Harbour of Borrowstowmcss, to join the said Canal at " or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of " Forth," w as read. — And,

John Seton, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and made great Progress therein; but that they have not been able to procure the Attendance of a sufficient Number of Proprietors, to enable them to lower tlfe Tolls, as the Act directs; and that it would be highly beneficial to the said Navigation, and to the Trade thereon, if the Powers in the said Act were further enlarged, explained, and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending, amending, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the " Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to " the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place " called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut from the same to the " City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut iC or Canal of Communication from the Port and Harbour of Borroxcstounness, to join the said Canal at " 6r near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of " Forth: " And that Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Sir Thomas Dundas, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and

e

Dock

Yards.

Conveyance of Letters to Ireland.

Bank of Scotland.

.Alford, See, Road.

Tavistock, &c. Roads.

Isle of Man Fishery.

Poulain’s

Naturali-

sation.

3(04 120 Julit. 1784.

Mr. ftenry Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the same. Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Janfes Liitfrett presented to the House, accofd* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to County

ing to Order* a Bill for vesting certain Lands, Teiie- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Gaols* nients, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in securing His Majesty’s f)ocksi Ships* and Stores* at the Eleventh and Twelfth \ ears of the Reign of King Portsmouth arid Plymouth; and also, for revesting iVilliam the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable certain Messuages, Lands* Tenements* and Heredi* " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in taments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, " their respective Counties," and for other Purposes and Demi, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for therein mentioned;

other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was Ordered\ That the said Bill be transmitted to a Select

received; and read the First Time* Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time* And a Committee was appointed accordingly, of

Mr. William Selwyn, Mr. Mainwm'ing, &c.: And they A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Mr. Thomson: Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee

Mr. Speaker, are to have Voices.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Mr. Hunger ford presented to the House, according Tugby' Portage and' Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Inclosure. Post between Great Britain and Ireland; without" any the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Amendment: And also, Commonable Places, in Tugby, in the County of Lei-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An cesier: And the same was received; and read the First

Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank Time.

of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

the said Company; without any Amendment: And

also, Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Sheffield

The lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act of Plated Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act* the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Manutactur*-made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present jesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Wardens Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widen- " and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought Plate, in tl ing the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence " the Towns of Sheffield and Bimningliam," so far a*

" to Cowbtidge, in the County of Lincoln;" without any relates to the said Town of Sheffield, was committed; Amendment: And also, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

The lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Act to amend and render more effectual so much of Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Two Acts, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, wi- foreport to the House; and he read the Report in his

dening, and altering several Roads leading from Ta- Biace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

vistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the of Devon, and for repairing arid widening the Road steport was read.

from the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through And the House being informed, that several other Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, Amendments are necessary to be made to the said and to Diuma Bridge Pound, and from the Callington Bill;

Turnpike Road to Morwclham and New Quay, in the Resolved\ That the said Bill be re-committed.

5aid County, as relates to the Roads leading from the Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the

ovver Market House, in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Committee to whom the same was committed.

Town Gate, in Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon

Gate to the Old Pound, near Plymouth Dock; without Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to EcclesfieM,

any Amendment. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- &c. Inclo-

And then the Messengers withdrew. mons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and sure.

Township of Ecclesjicld, and the several Soakes or A Petition of the several Herring Curers in the Isle Districts of Southey and Grennojirth, within the Parish Of Man, was presented to the House, and read; Setting of Ecclesjicld, in the West Riding of the County of forth, That the Prosperity of the said Isle in a great York, was committed; That the (Jommittee had exar Measure depends upon the Herring Fishery on the mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Coasts thereof, which Annually employs Three thou- House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of sand Men: And, that as the House is now engaged Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the'

in an Enquiry respecting the Fisheries of Great Bri- Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

tain, with the laudable View of extending the same and found the same to be true; and that the Parties for the Good of the State, therefore praying, That concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the the Fishery of the said Isle may become an Object of Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of the Attention of Parliament, and be considered in the Estates rated to the Poor at £ 96. 10 s, per Annum, same Manner as the Fisheries of Great Britain. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Owners of Estates so rated at £ 893. 15 s. per Annum, Consideration of the Committee, *who are appointed wrho were neuter in respect thereto; and that the to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and whole Property entitled to Right of Common on into the most effectual Means for their Improvement the Lands to be inclosed, is rated as aforesaid at and Extension. £5,198. 10$. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and A)n ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and for naturalizing John Joseph Mary Poulam, was read a made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Second Time. directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Angelo Taylor, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table;

2 Where <

34 Geo. III. 12° Julii. 305

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wadsley Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Inclosor* whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Larky Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields knd Mesne inclosures, within the said Manor of Wadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774* relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had altered the Christian Name of One of the Commissioners, which had been inserted in the Bill by Mistake; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates, having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, of the Annual Value of £. 291. i©s.; and that the whole of the Estates of Persons interested in the Inclosure are of the Annual Value of £. 1676; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill), and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

iter's Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Prize. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Elliot Salter, late Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, of 36 Guns, and 255 Men, in Behalf of himself, her Officers, and Ship’s Company, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Beauchamp took the Chair of the Committee.

The Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Beauchamp accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty for taking the French Frigate called L'Amazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy.

And the Lord Beauchamp moved the House accordingly.

Vol. 40.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty for taking the French Frigate called L'Amazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships

♦ of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy: And that the Lord Beauchamp and Mr. William Wyndham Grenville &o prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor George Pretty- Preacher for man, Prebendary of the Collegiate Church of Saint 1 hanks-Peter, Westminster, be desired to preach before this &ivuig ay‘ House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster', upon Thursday Fortnight, the 29th Day of this Instant July, being the Day appointed, by His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation, for a General Thanksgiving: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Wilberforce do acquaint him therewith.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money Supply Bill; by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery, Alinuitlcs-was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Dalton’s Act to explain and amend a Power vested in John Estate-Dalton, Esquire, to grant Leases, so far as it concerns certain Lands and Hereditaments, within the Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fenton Cawthorne, Mr. Hunter Blair, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Smuggling, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Candles, laying additional Duties upon all Candles (except Wax Candles) and for more effectually securing the Duties upon Candles.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

4 I the Y

1

Smuggling.

Supply Bill; Bricks, &c.

Supply Bill; Printed Silks; Ac.

Jo 6 12° — 13

they had gone through the Bill, and nmde several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Ordbr, resolved itself into B Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments theretmto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties om Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to'consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for laying additional Duties on Silks, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Importation of Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with, Gotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Foreign Parts: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Julii. A. 1^84.

Martis, 13° die Julii \

Anno 240 Georgii III. U Regis, 1784.

Prayjers.

MR. Kenrick reported from the Committee, to.Sutton’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Estate, tituled, An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates late of Sir Robert Sutton, Knight, deceased, situate in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton,

Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, and for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said Sir Richard Sutton, situate in Bleazby and Southzvell, in the County of Nottingham, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kenrick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Annesley'reported from the Committee, to whom fe;shopof the ingrossed Bill Irom the Lords, intituled, An Act Saint David's for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange, Estate, agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Saint DamcTs,

Rector of the Parish and Parish Church o Bettesford, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas E'Jzcards Freeman, Esquire, of certain Grounds and other Hereditaments, within the said Parish, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered, the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass."

Ordered, That Mr. Annesley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in Salford, &c* the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Geoi'ge Roads, the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington,

Bolton, and IVigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called The South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton. Lane to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersall Moor, to Singleton Brook, - in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty* sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads;

and

Pawn-

brokers*

Person td attend.

Dock Yards.

Okill’s

Estate.

24 Geo. III. 13 0 Julii.307

'and also for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersall Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, <c An Act for the more effectual " Punishment of Persons who shall attain, oi\attempt " to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or " untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful " Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of " Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in " Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Ser-" vants, and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods", and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of " Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; " and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by " Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Nexvnham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 21st Day of Jane last, for the Attendance of George Abercrombie, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Elgin, upon Monday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said George Abercrombie, Esquire, do attend this House upon this Day Six Weeks.

A Bill for*vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in' the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gascoy?ie, Junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Okill, deceased, to sell certain Leasehold Estates in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Preference to his Estates of Inheritance, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of Vox.. 40.

the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at thje Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

A Petition of the Tanners in London, on Behalf of themselves and the Manufacturers of Tanned Leather throughout the Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the* Petitioners observing, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought in, to revive the High Duties upon the Importation of Oak Bark into this Kingdom, which, if passed into a Law, will prove detrimental to the Manufacture of Tanned Leather, one of the principal Staple Commodities of this Kingdom, and eventually injurious to the Revenue, the Petitioners submit to the Consideration of the House, the Expediency of reviving Duties which, as they amount to a Prohibition, must prove unproductive to the Revenue, and a Check upon an important Manufacture: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as they shall see meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain, and for extending several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is committed.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Joseph Alary Poulain, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do, pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do cany the BilJ to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to'whom it was referred to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties and other Impositions of Excise, commonly called The Inland Duties, upon all Cocoa Nuts or Coffee imported, sold, or used in this Kingdom, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be laid upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupois, of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported directly from thence into this Kingdom.

Resolved,

Oak Bark,

&c.

Poulain’s Naturalization.

Prevention of Smuggling.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

308

130 Julit.

A. 1784.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence be laid upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupois, of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six Pence be laid upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupois, of Cocoa Nuts, the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported directly from thence into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence be laid Upon every Pound Weight, Avoirdupois, of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be subject to the additional Duties of Five Pounds per Centum and Five Pounds per Centum, charged by Two Acts, made in the Nineteenth and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for granting additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday the 22d Day of June last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the stud Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4.1. 8. To leave out " Fifteenth," and insert " Twenty-second" instead there-of.

Pr. 6.1. 29. To leave out " Fifteenth," and insert " Twenty-second" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accord-fogly.'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Tjords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr, Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying additional Duties upon all Candles (except Wax Candles) and for more effectually securing the Duties upon Candles, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and th£ Question being proposed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House w'as moved, That so much of the Report, which, upon the 24th Day of December, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the same, as relates to Candles, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly#

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1 °

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the is Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- El tuled, " An Act to enable the Speaker of the "House w " of Commons to issue his Warrants to make out " new Writs for the Choice of Members to serve in " Parliament in the room of such Members as shall " die during the Recess of Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an " Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his " Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of " Members to serve in Parliament in the room of " such Members as shall die during the Recess of " Parliament;" and for enabling the Speaker of the " House of Commons to make out new Writs for the " Choice of Members to serve in Parliament in the c< room of such Members as shall, during the Recess " of Parliament, become Peers of Great Britain, and u be summoned to Parliament; and for suspending " the Execution of the said Act with respect to the " Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset,

" during the next Recess of Parliament," might be, read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Acts, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes: And that the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Eden, do prepare, and bring m, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Suppi Order, a Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences Excu to be taken out by the Makers of,- and Dealers in, Llcen 12 Exciseable

b»

24 Geo. III. 13 — 140 Jutii. 309

Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Oak Bark, Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

&c* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain; and for extending several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14* die Julii,

Anno 24* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1784. Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys arid Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

Plymouth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Roadi. Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles, in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through Frankfort Gate, to Stonehouse Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge to the Inner Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County; for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Radnor &c. Mr. Lexvis reported from the Committee, to whom Roads/ the Bill to continue the Term, arid alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other uoads in the said Counties, was committed $ That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Issue of The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, ac-

Election cording to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of Two Writs. Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordcicdy That the said Bill be printed,

Vox- A*.

The Lord Beauchamp presented to the House, ac- Prize Bounty, cording to Order, a Bill for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty, for taking the French Frigate called LAmazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy: And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for laying additional Duties upon Supply Bill 1 all Candles (except Wax Candles) and for more effec- CaQdles. tually securing the Duties upon Candles, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for laying additional Duties upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) and for more effectually securing the Duties upon Candles.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Supply Bill; Duties upon Hats made or manufactured in Great fktButy. Britain, and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

A Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be Supply Bill \ taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Excise Commodities therein mentioned, was read a Second cencca‘ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for laying additional Duties upon Paper* Supply Bill; Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards* was read a PaP#r> &c‘ Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for laying additional Duties on Silks* Linens* Supply Bill; and Stuffs, printed, painted^ stained, or dyed, in Great PrintedSilks, Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Impor- &c* tation of Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with, Cotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Foreign Parts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House mill* upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Supply Bill* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Bricks, whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same, be now read.

4 K And

V

3 to 140 A. 1784.

And the said Order being read accordingly; and still continues to be, received by the Corporation

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, of the City of Exeter, called the Mayor, Bailiffs, and resolve itself into the said Committee. Commonalty of the City of Exeter, and commonly

known by the Name of The Chamber of Exeter, and Dock Yards. Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, by His hath been, and still continues to be, applied accord- Majesty’s Command, ing to the Discretion of the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and

An Account of the Lands proposed to be vested in Commonalty, and not to the Purposes intended by the Trustees for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, said Statutes; and that the said Corporation of the and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth. Poor of the said City and County (many Members

And the Title of the said Account was read. whereof are also Members of the said Corporation

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, called The Chamber of Exeter) have wasted the Income to be perused by the Members of the House. applicable to the Support of the Poor of the said City

The said Account is preserved amongst the other and County, and otherwise abused the Powers given Papers of this Session. them by the said Statutes, and have not, as they were

in Duty bound, required the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Sheffield Mr. Dttncombe reported from the Committee, to Commonalty, to account with the said Governor, De-

PlatedMa- whom the Bill for altering and amending an Act of puty Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, or their

nufacture. the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present proper Officers, for such Produce as aforesaid; and

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Wardens that the Monies now justly due from such Funds as " and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in aforesaid are more than equivalent to the Sum men-

" the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham," so far as tioned in the said Petition; and the said Statutes are,

relates to the said Town of Sheffield, was re-commit- in many Respects, inconvenient and defective, and ted; That the Committee had made several other have a Tendency to oppress the Petitioners and other Amendments to the Bifl, which they had directed Inhabitants of the said City and County; and that the him to report to the House; and he read the Report Influence thereby created, as well by Means of being in his Place;.and afterwards delivered the Bill, with vested in Persons for Life, as otherwise, is liable to the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the be, and hath actually been, perverted and employed Amendments were Once read throughout; and then to serve Election Ends, foreign to those proposed by a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- the said Statutes, to controul the Freedom of Elections tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the of Members Representatives in Parliament for the said House. City and County, and to prejudice the Rights of the

Ordered, That the B&l, with the Amendments, be Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may iligrossed. be heard, by their Counsel and Witnesses, against the

Matters of the Petition of the said Governor, Deputy Exeter Poor. Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, that the Prayer ,. Order, a Bill to explain and amend several Acts of thereof may not be granted, that Leave be given to

Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses, bring in a Bill to amend the said Statutes, and, that the within the City and County of the City of Exon, for Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises the better employing and maintaining the Poor; and as to the House shall seem meet, to raise further Sums of Money for the more effec- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the tually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Exe- Table, until the Bill to explain and amend several cution: And foe same was received; and read the First Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Work-Time. houses within foe City and County of the City of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Exon, for the better employing and maintaining foe

Poor; and to raise further Sums of Money for the Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freemen, more effectually carrying the Purposes of foe said

Freeholders, and Inhabitants (Payers to the Poor Rates) Acts into Execution, be read a Second Time; and within the City and County of JExon,whose Names are that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by think fit.

the Viotes, that a Petition hath been presented from the Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians the same Time, in Favour of foe said Bill, against the of the Poor of the said City and County, under their said Petition.

ComiQon Seal, for Leave to bring in a Bill for cna- Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time bling them to raise the Sum of f. 4,500, and up- upon Monday Morning next, wards, and also such further Sum for the Support of the Poor of foe said City and County, as the House The other Orders of the Day being read;

shall think proper; and that the Petitionens are greatly Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

alarmed at the sudden and unexpected Appearance of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole an Attempt to procure an Act of Parliament for levy- House, to consider further of the Laws made to pre-ing so large a Sum of Money on the Inhabitants of vent the clandestine Importation and Running of pro-foe said City and County, under Pretence of dis- hibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of charging a Debt which the said Governor, Deputy Duties.

Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, in their said Pe- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-tition alledge they have been obliged to contract; and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole that the Petitioners deny, that the said Governor, House, to consider further of foe Supply granted to His Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, have Majesty. s been obliged to contract such Debt, and likewise deny, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-that such Debt does legally exist, and, if it do6s exist, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole they insist that they ought not to Be charged there- House, to consider further of Ways and Means for with, for that there are now, and for a great Number raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, of Years past have been, Funds, the Produce of which Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-‘hath been, and still is, by Law applicable to the Pur- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole poses'of foe Statutes recited in the said Petition; and House, upon foe Bill for reviving the Duties upon that the said Produce for many Years past hath been, Oak Bark imported into Great Britain; and for

2? extending

Preventien of Smuggling.

24 Geo. III.

140 — xf

extending several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Manufiicture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then the House adjourned till To-mprrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 15* die Julii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1784. Praters.

tb8°d. Archibald Edmonstone presented to the House,

Clyde N#*' according to Order, a Bill for extending, amending, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the jlighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a " Navigable Cut or Canal, from the Firth or River " of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of " Carrorf, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or " River of Clyde, at or near a Place called F),almuir " Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also, a " Collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow, " and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour of Borrowstoun- ness, ,to join the said Canal at or near the Place where " at will fall into the Firth of Forth And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Ji {esolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ime of

Election

Writs.

Dalby’s

Claims.

A Bill ,to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to is^ue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, feu* making out Writs for the Election of Members Xq serve in Patlian^ent, in the Manner therein mentioned, .»nd for suhstitutir|gother Provisions for foe like Purposes, 3vus read a second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, jresolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William J)olben reported from the Committee, ,to whom the Petition of the Reverend Thomas JVeekes Dalby, of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, Clerk, Executor of the last Will and Testament of Edward Downes, deceased, who was Executor of the last Will and Testament of Charles JVeekes, late of London, Merchant, deceased, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove foe Allegations ,of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Gray produced to Your Committee the Probates of the Wills of Charles JVeekes, and of Edward Dmmes, whereby it appeared, that Thomas JVeekes Dalby, the Petitioner, is Executor of the last Will and Testament of the said Edwcu'd Downes, who was the Executor of the last Will and Testament of foe said Charles IVeekes.

Mr. Gray also produced an authenticated Copy of an original Record, containing certain Proceedings ,in Equity, in His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, between Cfmles JVeekes and the Commissioners of the Victualling Office, and others, respecting the £hip Vox. 40.

an

Hope; from whence it appeared, by the Deposition of John Scoles, made in the said Cause, That Charles JVeekes was Owner of the Ship Hope, Burthen 140 Tons, or thereabouts, and was, at the latter End of the Year 1743, Outward bound from London, to bring home a Loading of Sugars from Nevis.

And it appeared by Charter Party, produced to Your Committee, dated 1st December' 1743, That the said Ship was let to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy for One Voyage, to carry Stores from London to Gibraltar or Port Mahon; and that the said Ship should, Wind and Weather permitting, sail under Convoy for Gibraltar or Port Mahon, as should be required: And from the Depositions of Nicholas Feriter and Henry Harley, Mariners, and of John Scoles, it appeared that the sailing Part of the said Voyage was performed from the Downs to Gibraltar in 19 Days, and from the Downs to Port Mahon in 40 Days, and that a Voyage from London to Port Mahon is generally performed in 6 or 7 Weeks.

That the said Ship was nevertheless detained by Government more than 12 Months, in the Course of which Time she received considerable Damage; and her said Voyage to Nevis (where a Cargo of Sugars was ready for her, at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Hundred Weight for Freight, and from thence to London) was totally defeated; and that after she was unloaded *at Port Mahon, she necessarily remained them near Two Months to be repaired and victualled, anq that she sailed from thence without any Cargo, and put into Gibraltar: And it appeared that such Detention of the said Ship was contrary to the Spirit and true Meaning of the said Charter Party; and that the said Ship was, during the said Voyage, used by Government in the Nature of a Monthly Transport.

And it appeared by several Charter Parties, dated in the Years 1741 and 1743, and by the Reports referred by the House to Your Committee, That the Government, in the War which began in 1739, had Two Methods of hiring Ships; foe one for Transports to bp used at their Will and pleasure, so long as the Service required, at 14$. per Ton per Calendar Month, taken into immediate Pay for Six Months certain, and so continued till discharged; and if discharged Abroad, such Pay wps continued for a certain Time, for the Ship either to return Home, or to proceed elsewhere, as fthe Owner had directed.

The other Method of hiring Ships by Government was in the Manner die Hope bad been hired, as abovp mentioned, under certain Restrictions for particular Voyages.

And it appeared to Your Committee, from the Deposition of the said Nicholas Feriter, That the Reason or Inducement of the said Charles JVcekes's letting oqt the said Ship to Freight to the said Commissioners was, as he believed and apprehended, that the said JVeekes doubted not but that she would be able to compleat her Voyage to Gibraltar and Port Mahon in about 7 Weeks, and then have proceeded to Nevis, which would have been little or no Hindrance of her intended Voyage to Nevis; and on that Account4 the Stores and Provisions were carried at a very small Price, the same being done only so help the $pid Ship out, she having bpt little Lading from England.

It fuifoer appeared to your Committee, That ’ ap-cprding to foe Mqdc of hiring, after the Mapner of a Monthly Transport, the Money due to the said JVeekes, in respect to the said Ship, amounted to £.1,524. 11. 2J, besides Interest; and that, according to the other Mode of hiring, the Money due under foe Charter Party, and for the Special Damages sustained by the said JVeekes, from Government having deviated from the true Spirit and Meaning of the Contract, has already, in the said Suit against the said Commissioners of foe Victualling Office, been proved to amount to £. 2,034. 6. . besides Interest; which said Sum of

£2,034,

Dalby’s

Claims.

312

15° Julii.

A. 1784,

£.2,034. 6. was made up in the following Manner; (that is to say)

To Money laid out and expended to repair the Damage in the Downs, where the Ship was detained for Want of Convoy - - - 109 17 —

To 29 Days Detention in the Port of

London and the Downs - - - 76 5 —

To 1 Calendar Month and 10 Days Demurrage at Spit head, as per Charter Party - - - 106 13 4

To Freight to Gibraltar, 133 Tons and TVW Parts of a Ton, at 30 Shillings *,

per Ton.....205 5 2

To the Loss of Freight from Nevis to London, 133 Tons and an Half, at

£. 8 pa* Ton - 1,070-----

To the Detention of the Ship at Gibraltar 18 Days more than the Time allowed by Charter Party to unload, which was 20 working, or 22 running Days - - - 46 56

To the Detention of the Ship 12 Days off Cape St. Vincent, and for her Service from the 24th October 1744, when she sailed from Gibraltar, to the 18th Day of March following, when she returned back to Gibraltar, in all Months and Six Days, at £. 100 per Month ... 420 — ' —

the said Sum of £. 1,307. 3. 2}, being 395. 1. 114* was for Interest on Account of the said £ 912. 1. 2f, up to the Time of bringing the said Action.

And it further appeared to Your Committee, from the Evidence of Two of the Jurors at the said Trial stated in the said Report, That no Witness was examined at the said Trial; but that, upon the Cause being opened, and a Witness called for the Plaintiff, the Counsel for the Crown would not permit him to be examined; saying, It was a Matter of Law; and that the Jury, by Direction of the Court, gave such Verdict, according to the Admission of the said Counsel; and that Two of the Jurors on the said Trial believed, that an Objection was made by the Plaintiff s Counsel at the Trial to the Sum.

And it appeared to Your Committee, That the Freight of the said Ship, if hired by the Month under the Terms aforesaid, together with the Interest thereof, to be computed from the 15th Day of November 1745 to the 15th Day of June 1784, amount to the Sum of £.4,465. 13. of, or thereabouts; and that the said Special Damages, Freight, and Demurrage, with Interest thereof, to be computed as aforesaid, amount to the Sum of £.5,958. 15. io£, or thereabouts, besides the aforesaid Costs; and that the Whole thereof are at this Time unpaid to the Estate of the said JVeekes.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, to Dunheved

And it further appeared to Your Committee, from whom the Bill for amending and rendering more e£ poor.

the Depositions of Henry Harley and Nicholas Feriter, made in the said Cause, That the said Ship was detained at Lisbon by Government, for the Space of Three Months and 27 Days.

And it further appeared to . Your Committee, from the Deposition of William Tracey, William Moran, and John Scoles, That Three Months and Twenty-seven Days were a reasonable Time for the said Ship to have performed her Voyage from Gibraltar to Nevis, and to have been loaded there, and to have returned from thence to the Port of London.

And it appeared, That such Detention of the said Ship at Lisbon by Government, during all the said Time, was contrary to the Spirit and true Meaning of the Charter Party.

And it further appeared to Your Committee, from the Deposition of Thomas Mihvard, made in the said Cause, That the Use of the said Ship, from the 18th Day of October 1744 to the 18th Day of March following, wras reasonably worth One hundred Pounds a Month, without any Gain or Profit.

And it further appeared to Your Committee, That although the said JVeekes, in his Life Time, and said Downes, in his Life Time, sought Satisfaction, both at ingrossed. Law and m Equity, and by other Means, for the said I^amages,' and Interest; and have, in such their Endeavours to obtain the same, expended a very considerable Sum of Money in Costs, yet they have not, nor has the said Thomas Wcekes Dolby, the Petitioner, been able to obtain the same.

But it appeared to Your Committee, from the said Reports referred by the House to Your Committee,

«nd by the Answer of the Commissioners in the said Court of Equity, That the said Commissioners, before and on the 21st of October 1748, offered to make out to said JVeekes a Bill for £. 835. 16. 3i, which was for Principal Money only, and no Offer was made for Interest; and that on the 10th Day of January 1755 a Verdict was found in the said Cause for the said JVeekes, against them, for £. 1,307. 3. 2}, in which were included Two Articles not comprized in the above-mentioned Offer, amounting together to

fectual an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of " the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise Launceston, and " Parish of Saint Maiy Magdalen, in the County of " Cornwall," and for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common Lands within the said Borough in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, wras committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Sir John JVrotteslcy reported from the Committee, Dudley to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Inclosure. Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; but that all the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of about 10 Acres of Land, having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, who is a Lunatic; and that the Whole of the Lands having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, contain nearly 3,000 Acres) and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and

and found the same to be true; and that the Com-£.76. 4, 11 Principal Money; which, added to the mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several said £.835. 16. 3J so offered, made in the Whole Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him £.912. 1. 2} Principal Money, and the Residue of to report to the House; and he read the Report in

his

4 Geo. III. *5° Juliu

Kingswin-ibrd Inclo-ore.

Sheffield Plated Map uildcture.

fTadsley

laclowre.

his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were . Once. rjead throughput; and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Be ingrossed.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste 'Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford\ in the County of Stafford, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; but that all the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of about 9 Acres of Land, having Right of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed, who is out of the Kingdom; and the Owner of about 57 Acres of Land, having Right of Common as aforesaid, who resides in Scotland, and has been written to upon the Subject by the Receiver of his Rents, but returned no Answer, and the said Receiver approves of the Bill; and also, except the Owner of about a Quarter of an Acre of Land, who is a Lunatic; and that the Whole of the Lands having Right of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, contain upwards of 4,000 Acres) and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing " Wardens and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought " Plate in the Tow ns of Sheffield and Birmingham," so far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Wardens " and Assay Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Sheffield and Birmingham " so far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing 3 large Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Loxley Chacey lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne Inclosures within the said Manor of Wadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfeld\ in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a, large Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Loxley Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other

Vol. 40,

Commons or Waste Grounds, f and certain Common Fields and Mesne Inclosures within the said Manor of tVadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Ecclesfield, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and &c-lnc^-Township. of Ecclesfeld, and the several Soakes or 8Urc‘ Districts of Southey and Grennofirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfeldy in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Ecclesfeldy and the several Soakes or Districts of Southey and Grennojirthy within the Parish of Ecclesfeldy in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

t

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The L^rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, Annuitie». and for establishing a Lottery; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Totne* to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Rwads-Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to EgerWt enable the Trustees named in the Will of Samuel Egerton, Estate. Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised; and for vesting Part of the Timber on certain other Parts of the devised Estates in Trustees to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, paPer* upon the Bill for laying additional Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him te report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Preveati<m*f further Consideration the Report from the Committee Smu*g of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, was committed;

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

4 L Resolved,

514 *5° — 1

Resolved, TliAt the sari Ml bfe re-coriirnitted.'

Resolved,that the said Bill bfe re-committed to Committee of the whole. House.

Resolved, That this Hotlse will, immediately, teSolve Itself Into a Committee of the whole HOuSe, to cortsider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they fiad made a Progress in the Bill, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tlouse, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message ftom the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

Milton The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

School vesting a Cottage or Tenement used as and for a School

House. House, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord 'billion, and his Heirs, in Lieu of, and in Compensation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, situate and being in the Town of Dorchester, of greater Value; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers Withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Timte.

Ordered, That die said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Dock Yards. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at mouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Supply Bill; Resoboed, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

bricks, &c. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Rfita'm, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Julii;

Anno 24* Georgii III® Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

’liAmceston A N ingrossed Bill for amending and rendering ‘il more effectual an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of " the Poor of the Borough of otherwise

' Launceston, and Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall," tthd 'for vesting the Af-termowth of certain Common Lands within the Said

5° Julii. A. 1784.

Borough in TYustees for the Pfcrjiosefc therdih mentioned, ttas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa£s: And that th£ Title be, An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of hfe late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief <c, and Employment of the Poor of die Borough of " Dunheved\ otherwise Launceston, and Parish of Saint " Mary Magdalen, in the County of Corntuall? and for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common Lands within the said Borough in Trustees for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Arden do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from the Excise Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was Duties, called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Excise Duties granted as Part of the Funds for Payment of Annuities established by the Acts of the Nineteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, from the respective Times of their Commencetnfent to the 5th of July 1783; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open fugby ta-Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable closure. Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hun-gerford\ Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Baring reported from the Select Committee Ivelchester appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe- Election. tition of John Harcourt, Esquire, and Sir Samuel Hannay, Baronet; and also, the Petition of John Pitt,

John Shorland, and others, Electors in the Borough of Ivelchester, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, That he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that Thomas JVitby, being called as a Witness before the said Committee, had grossly prevaricated in giving his Evidence.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 27th Day of November 17 75, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to James Rogers, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Thomas JVitby, having grossly A Witness prevaricated in giving his Evidence before the Select committed Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Harcourt, Esquire, and Sir Samuel , Hannay, Baronet; and also, the Petition of John Pitt,

John Shorland, and others, Electors in the Borough of Ivelchester, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be, for his "fcaid Offence, committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly. *

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Assent Usher of the Black Rod; . to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several E Acts

1r

-34 Geo. III. iJulii.

3*5

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the iih-mediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; iand that the Lord-Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way Of Annuities, and for establishing a Lottery:

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company:

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to exercise Trades:

An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to compound a Debt due to the Crown from Francis Dixon, Esquire, deceased, and his Sureties, and for vesting his Estates in Trustees, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for explaining certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland concerning Manufactories; and for extinguishing, the Claims made by the Proprietors of the Two Manufactories called the Rope and Soap Manufactories of Glasgow, to certain Exemptions from Customs and Duties, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof:

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland to cancel Bonds given for the High Duties on certain Parcels of Corn imported into Great Britain, on certain Conditions therein mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Markets, within the Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering metre safe and commodious several Streets adjoining or leading into the said Market Place; and for taking down the present Slaughter Houses within the said Town, and erecting others in a tnore proper Situation:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to several Parishes within the Town of Shrewsbury, and the Liberties thereof, in the County of Salop:

An Act for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation, authorized by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to be made from Birmingham to Bilstone and Autherley, with the

Vol.40.

Company of Proprietors of a Canal Navigation* authorized by an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be made from Birmingham to Fazeley, and for consolidating their Shares* and ameuding the said last mentioned Act:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Meeting-House in thq Parish of Llanegwad, to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llanddarog, and from Dan-yr-Allt in the said Parish of Llanegwad to Pont-y-Bcrcm in the Parish of Llangendeime, in the County of Carmarthen:

An Act for compleating, widening, and keeping 29 Repair, the Road from Rowd Ford, through the Devizes Market Place, to Sheppard's ShoreI, and from the East End of Devizes to the Top of Red Hone, in the County of Wilts, and for changing and altering Part of the said Road:

An Act for amending several Roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and from Enslorw Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford:

An Act to amend and render more effectual so much of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places, in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening tlip Road from the Guildhall, in Tavistock aforesaid, through Mathew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherry brook, and to Duma Bridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Alorwelham and New Quay, in the said County, as relates to the Roads leading from the Lower Market House, in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Town Gate, in Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Alford to Boston,

" and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of " Lincoln

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles, in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through Frankfort Gate to Stonehouse Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge to the In>-uer Barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County; for lighting watching, and watering the said Road: and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the same:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of the Right honourable Edward Earl of Derby, deceased, in the several Counties of Warwick, Chester, and Cambridge, in the Right honourable Edvard the <presep|t Earl of Derby, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of the said present Earl of Derby in the County of Lancaster, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same:

An Act for establishing and confirming o. certain Exchange, agreed upon between the Lord Bbhop of Saint David's, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Battesford, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas Edwards Freeman, Esquire, of certain Grounds >and other Hereditaments within the said Parish:

An Act for impowering’the Trustees of the Will of John Okill, deceased, to sell certain Leasehold Estates in Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Preference

to

31 6 16° Julii. A. 17^4.

' to his Estates of lnheritancfe, for Payment of his Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein upon Monday Morning next, mentioned: , Ordered' That the said Bill be printed.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates late of Sir Robert Sutton, Knight, deceased, Nr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from tho Supply Bill; situate in the County of Lincoln, in Sir Richard Sutton, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for PaPl‘r»frc. Baronet, his Heirs, and Assigns, and for vesting cer- laying additional Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Mill-tain Lands and Hereditaments, the Estate of the said boards, and Scaleboards, was committed, the Amend-Sir Richard Sutton, situate in Bleazby and Southwell, rnents which the Committee had made to the Bill, and in the County of Nottingham, in lieu thereof, to the which they liad directed him to report to the House; and same Uses: he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Open Fields, undivided Inclosures, Commons and Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Lordship of and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tile Languor, in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Question severally put thereupon, wqre agreed to by Stafford: the House.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Ordered, That the Bill, w?ith the Amendments, be Waste Lands within the Parish of Blagdon, in the ingrossed.

County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, Supply M; Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, a BiH for granting to His Majesty certain Duties ou within the Manors and Lordships of Hex! rope with Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, and on Horses Balby, and Long Sandal!, in the Soke of Doncaster, In used drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof the West Riding of the County of York: any Duty of Excise is made payable: And the same was

An Act for naturalizing John Joseph Mary Poulain: received; and read the first Time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exporting Mr. Alderman JVatson presented to the House, ac-

hare Skuis, cording to Order, a Bill for the Preservation and En- A Petition of Henry Bankes and Francis John mum c# couragement of the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, Browne, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and the School,

by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, other feoffees of Abby Milton School, in the County British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; undressed or untawed British Coney Skins; and for Setting forth, That William the last Abbot but one of preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or Middleton, otherwise Milton, in the County of Dorset,

- dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this being desirous of founding a Free Grammar School Kingdom Duty-free: And the same was received; and In the Town of Milton, did, in order to endow the read the First Time. same, contract and agree with one Thomas Kirlon for

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Purchase of the Manor, Farm, and Free Chapel of

Little Mayne, in the said County of Dorset; and, in Imports and Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Pursuance of such Contract, the said Thomas Kir torn Exports. Copy of the Inspector General’s Account of Imports on or about the 24th of April, in the Twenty-eighth and Exports for the Year 1783. Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, by

Deed conveyed the said Manor and Farm and Free hsueof Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Chapel of Little Mayne to Sir Giles Strangu ays, Sir Election to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Thomas Arundel!, and Fifteen other Gentlemen therein

Writs. Upon Qii| £0 repeal so much of Two Acts, made in named, for the Endowment of the said School, and the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His for the Maintenance of a learned Master to teach and present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the instruct therein; and the said Farm, Manor, and Free House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk Chapel, by divers successive Conveyances have been, of the Crown, for making out Writs for the Election of by the said first and succeeding Feoffees thereof, con-Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein yeyed down to, and are now vested in, the Petitioners mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the in Fee to the Use of the School, and for the Mainte-like Purposes, be now read. nance of the Master to instruct therein; and that the

And the said Order being read accordingly; said School Lands were never Part of the Manor of

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Middleton, otherwise Milton, or the ancient Possessions

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. of the Abbot and Convent, and at the Dissolution of

The Lord Maitland took the Chair of the Com- the Monastery of Middleton, otherwise Milton, were raittee. not the Abbot and Convent, and upon the Surrender

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. of the said Monastery did not pass to the Crown, and

The Lord Maitland reported from the Committee, were at that Time, and have ever since been, in the

That they had gone through the Bill, and made sc- Feoffees thereof, from whom they are now become ' veral Amendments thereunto: which they had directed vested in the Petitioners, as the present Feoffees of him to report, when the House will please to receive the said School; and that in April 1634 the then the same. Feoffees of the said School bought, for a valuable

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Consideration in Money, of John Ti'egonwell, and Moraine next. John and Thomas his Sons, the then Ow ners of Milton

Manor, Three Tenements therein, and whereon the East India Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the School House now’ stands, for the Habitation of the Company. House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of the Master, and for the Scholars to be taught therein.

East India Company with respect to the Payment of and the same were then conveyed by the said John

certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance Tregoirxell and his Sons for those Purposes to the then of certain Brils drawn upon the said Company, and for Feoffees of the School Lands, and their Heirs, in Fee, regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Com- and by subsequent Conveyances from them* to the Pe-pany: And the same was received; and read the First. titioners, and the Petitioners are now’ seised thereof Time. in Fee; and that the said School House stands in the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. public Street of Milton, and not in any Park or

Property

Milton

School.

24 Geo. III. 1 6° Julii.317

Property of the Lord of the Manor, and is in good Repair, and has always been kept so under the Inspection of the Feoffees, and the School Room is in the House, and Part thereof, and the School House and Buildings contain sufficient Room for the Master and Scholars, and the School can be very conveniently kept on Where it now stands, without the Aid of any other House, and if more Buildings were necessary, there is Sufficient Room to erect as many more as can ever be wanted in the Garden and Yard belonging to the School House, and the Scholars have the public Street Of Milton to exercise and play in, without trespassing on the Lord of the Manor of Milton, or any other Person; and that the said School was, as the Petitioners conceive, and as appears to them, originally founded for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of Middleton, otherwise Milton, and the neighbouring Parishes, and Boys in the Neighbourhood of Milton, who can go in the Morning and return at Night, and such Inhabitants of Milton, and the Neighbourhood thereof, have a Right to, and always have enjoyed, the Benefit of the said School, and had their Chrildren educated gratis at the said School, and so the Right honourable Lord Milton, the present Lord of the Manor of Milton, understands the Right and Usage to be, and in a Bill by him exhibited in the High Court of Chancery, in the Year 1758, against the then Feoffees touching the said Schoolr his Lordship insisted that the said School was founded chiefly if not solely for the Benefit of Milton, and its Neighbourhood, the Inhabitants whereof, at the Time of the Foundation, were all Tenants of the Abbot and Convent; and that the Petitioners are not warranted in consenting to the School's being removed out of the Parish of Milton, or its Neighbourhood, as thereby they should destroy the Intention of the Founder of the said School, and deprive the Inhabitants of Milton, and the neighbouring Parishes, of the Right they are entitled to, and have always enjoyed, of sending their Children to be educated gratis in the said School, and for whose peculiar Advantage the said School was at first founded; and that, although Lord Milton well knew the Intention of the Founder of the said Free School to be for the Use of the Inhabitants of Milton and the Neighbourhood, and, that the same was originally built, and has ever since, for now Years, remained in the Place where it now stands, and yet thought proper to rebuild and improve his Mansion House of Milton Abbey, the Petitioners, though the said Lord Milton had made no Requisition to them upon the Subject of the Removal of the said School previous to his Rebuilding and Improvement as aforesaid, and, under such Circumstances, had no reasonable Claim to have his private Convenience accommodated by the Removal of the said School, after such his Rebuilding and Improvement, were nevertheless so far from being averse to any reasonable Indulgence of his Lordship’s Wishes, that they did offer to gratify the same in such Manner as appeared to them in any Degree consistent with the Duties of their Trust, and did, by their Agent, declare their Readiness to remove, or consent to the Removal of the School to any other convenient Spot, in the Parish of Milton, dry, healthy, and otherwise adapted to the Purpose, at whatever Distance he might choose from hb Mansion House, upon hb erecting, instead of the present School House, another comjnodious one for the Master and Scholars, with suitable Conveniences, and conveying such Premises, with the Appurtenances, in Fee, with "hn indisputable Title to the same, to the Petitioners, for the Habitation and Use of the Master and Scholars; and that, as the Petitioners were so ready to accommodate Lord Miltons Convenience, and had, to consult his Ease, offered to put the School House in any other Part of the Parish, and, as the same may easily be removed a considerable Distance from his Mansion House, the Parish extending Vol. 40.

more than Three Miles therefrom, and as it can be no Inconvenience to hb Lordship to have the School at such considerable Distance from him, the Petitioners are much alarmed by a Bill brought into Parliament by Lord Milton, and now depending in the House, for removing the said School to the Town of Dorchester, which the Petitioners cannot by any Means consent to, and they have no such Authority, and it would be a flagrant Violation of their Trust to consent to remove the School from Milton and its Neighbourhood, for whose sole Benefit it was founded, and where the Boys in Milton, and the adjoining Parbhes, can resort to School, and return Home at Night, and be educated gratis, without putting their Parents or Friends to the Inconvenience and Expence of boarding or keeping them from their own Homes, and Dorchester is Ten Miles from Milton, and, if nearer, would be a very improper Situation, because there is already in that Town a Free Grammar School, well endowed, and it must be very improper to have Two Free Schools in the same Place; and that, as the Petitioners are seised of the School House and Premises thereto belonging in Fee, being purchased by their Predecessors for a valuable Consideration, the Petitioners rely on their undoubted Right, and the Justice of the House, that no Parliamentary Aid will be given to take away from the Petitioners their Property without their Consent, or to remove the School out of the reach of those for whose Benefit it was founded, and thereby utterly to defeat the Ends of its Foundation: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law7.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Cottage or Tenement used as and for a School House, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in Lieu of, and in Compensation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, situate and being in the Town of Dorchester, of greater Value, be read a Second Time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Regulation of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, East India upon the Bill for the better Regulation and Manage- Affairs, ment of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Smith; }

rp i, r xt fThe Lord Maitland, 1

Tellers for the Noes,^Mr Sheridan: j €°‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mahon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mahon reported from the Committee,

That they bad made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

4 M next,

3i8

i 6°r~~ 19° Julii.

A. .178,

Supply Bill; HaU.

Supply Bill;

Excise

Licences.

Prevention of Smuggling.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Oak Bark, &c.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read; t

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Hats made or manufactured in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Cap9 imported into the same.

’ Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. t,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain; and for extending several Acts of Parliament,. relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Two of the Clock on Sa~ 1 turday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Talbot’s

Estate.

Lunce, 1*9° die Julii;

Anno 24° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

MR. Hussey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, intailed by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Portsmouth and Portsmouth Common; in the Island Portsea, in the County of Southampton, adjoining contiguous to His Majesty’s Fortifications there, ai Comprised within An Act of Parliament passed in tl Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reig intituled, "An Act to vest. certaip Messuages, Land f4 Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, fr " the better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ship " and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham " was pre sented to the House, and read; Setting . fofth, Thu the Property of the Petitioners,; comprised in th above-mentioned Act, is various and different, soirn consisting of Dwelling-houses, Brew-houses, Malt houses, and other Buildings, some of Land only, anc others of both Houses and Land; and that the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House for repealing the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Property of the Petitioners, but no Provision is made therein for making Satisfaction to the Petitioners for the Damage sustained by them in Consequence of the said Act; and that some of the Owners or Proprietors both of Land and Houses, from the Situation of their Property, or other, Causes, , have , sustained little, and some no Damage in Consequence of the said Act*'and others, from the different Situation of their Property, and different Causes, have sustained real and great Damage in Consequence thereof, and, in particular, some of the Petitioners, whose Property consists of Houses and Buildings, have been injured by the Restraint laid upon them by the said Act, and the great Length of Time elapsed since the passing of the Act, by being deprived during all that Time of the Power to sell, mortgage, or raise 'any Money upon their said Property, others by being. obliged to provide themselves at short Notice and great Expence with other Buildings, for the Purposes of the Business carried,on in those comprised within the Act, and others by various other Ways and . Means; and that some of the Petitioners, whose Property consists of Land, have been greatly injured by the said Act, and particularly by a Clause therein, called the Prohibit-, ing or Restraining Clause, by which it was enacted, that no private Building, Structure, or Edifice, should, at any Time after the passing the said Act, be erect-, ed upon any of the said Lands, some of the Petitioners being, at the Time of passing the said Act, building on the same, others selling it at very high Rates for building on, and others both building on the same and selling it to others for building on; and that the Owners of Land, and the Purchasers under , them, were, some short Time before the passing of the said Act, generally forbid building on their said, Lands, for that the same were intended to be comprised in the said Act, and the Houses and Buildings to be taken down, and, by the passing thq said Act the Prohibition was compleat and perfect to all Intents and Purposes, and has remained upon such Lands and the Owners thereof ever since; and that at the Time the Prohibition took place it was War, and there w as a great Call for Building Land, and the Price for it w’as very high, that . now, Peace having taken place, the Land is not only greatly sunk in its Value, but; the Market for it is gone, and such of the Petitioners, as are Owners and Proprietors of such Land have.in particular sustained very great Damage, and the Petitioners submit to the House, that they are well entitled to a fair and adequate Compensation for the Dajnage sustained by them respectively by the passing of the

Dock Yards.

Ordered, That Mr. Hussey do carry the Bill to the said Act, according to* the Circumstances ofefich Per-them, that this - House hath sons particular Case, among which, the Petitioners

admit there is great Difference,( owing.to the Situation, Nature, or Quality of their Property, and other Particulars applicable to some and not to others: And therefore ‘praying, That Satisfaction may be made to the Petitioners for the Damage sustained in Consequence of the said Act, according to the Circumstances

... of

Lords; and acquaint

agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being near the Towns of

24 Geo. III. 190 Julii. 31

of each Person’s particular Case, > and the Quantum of bamage which shall appear’to have been sustained by each Person, or that such other, Relief in the Premises may be granted unto them as to the House shall appear just'and proper, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of the Allegations contained in this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration'of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ‘for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages^ Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, 'Cornwall, and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Dalton’s and Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee* Drummond’s to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled* Estate, An ^ct for confirming and establishing an Exchange,

agreed upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, and George Drummond, Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Aiqeqdment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.’

And the said Bill w?as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Prize Bounty. A Bill for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy

to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margarctta, the like Bounty, for taking the French Frigate called LAmazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant July, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Forth and A Bill for; extending, amending, and altering the Clyde Navi- Powers of . an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the gation. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, " from the Firth or River of'Forth, at or near the " Mouth of the River of Carron,' in the County of " Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a " Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of " Dumbarton; and also, a Collateral Cut from the " same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the " Port and Harbour of Borrawstounness, to join the " said Canal at or near the Place w here it will fall into " the Firth of Forth," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald Fdmonstoke,: Sir Thomas Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 40.

Sir Michael Le Fleming reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain, and amend a Power vested in John Dalton,' Esquire, to grant Leases, so far as it; concerns certain Lands and Hereditaments within the Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, and for the other Purposes1 therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent tq the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Michael Le Fleming do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.


Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do make the issue of Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Election ,whom rthe Bill to repeal so much of Two Acts, made Wlits. in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes, was committed.

The Lord Beauchamp accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the (H°use; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once , read throughout; and then a Second' Time,. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Egcrtpn's to enable the Trustees named in the Will of Samuel Estate. Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised; and for vesting Part of the Timber on certain other Parts of the devised Estates in Trustees to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-biame, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Dudley Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, lndo&uie. within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed . Bill for dividing and inclosing the Kings-Commons, Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kingswiriford\ in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable

Places,

3-i 8

1Julii.

A. 11)84.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read; {

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for draining to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Tlats made or manufactured in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into the same.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned.

Prevention of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Smuggling. ing nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of pro

Supply Bill; liati.

Supply Bill;

Excise

Licences.

Portsmouth and Portsmouth Common; in the Island of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, adjoining or contiguous> to His Majesty’s. Fortifications there, and comprised within An Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to vest.certaip Messuages, Lands, u Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for " the better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, " and Stores, at Portsmouth and Chatham," was presented to the House, and read; Setting . foifh, That the Property of the Petitioners,; comprised in the above-mentioned Act, is various and different, some consisting of Dwelling-houses, Brew-houses, Malt-, houses, and other Buildings, some of Land only, and others of both Houses and Land; and that the Peti-, tioners are informed, a Bill is depending in, the House for repealing the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Property of the Petitioners, but no Provision is made therein for making Satisfaction to the Petition-

hibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of ers for the Damage sustained by them inConsequence

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Oak Bark, &c.

Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. . .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain; and for extending several Acts of Parliament,. relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Two of the Clock on Sa-1 turday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 1*9° die Julii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

MR. Hussey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, intailed by his Will, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. - 4

Ordered, That Mr. Hussey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this- House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Dock Yards. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements^ and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being near the Towns of

Talbot’s

Estate.

of the said Act; and that some of the Owners or Proprietors both of Land and Houses, from the Situation of their Property, or other, Causes, have , sustained little, and some no Damage in Consequence of the said Act* and others, from the different Situation of their Property, and different Causes, have sustained real and great Damage in, Consequence thereof, and, in particular, some of the Petitioners, whose Property consists of Houses and Buildings, have been injured by the Restraint laid upon them by the said Act, and the great Length of Time elapsed since the passing of the Act, by being deprived during all that Time of the Power to sell, mortgage, or raise any Money upon their said Property, others by being. obliged to provide themselves at short Notice and great Expence with other Buildings, for the Purposes of the Business carried,on in those comprised within the Act, and others by various other Ways and Means; and that some of the Petitioners, whose Property consists of Land, have been greatly injured by the said Act, and particularly by a Clause therein, called the Prohibit-, ing or Restraining Clause, by which it was enacted, that no private Building, Structure, or Edifice, should, at any Time after the passing the said Act, be erect-, ed upon any of the said Lands, some of the Petitioners being, at the Time of passing the said Act, building on the same, others selling it at very high Rates for building on, and others both building on the same and selling it to others for building on; and that the Owners of Land, and the Purchasers under them, were, some short Time before the passing of the said Act, generally forbid building on their said Lands, for that the same were intended to be comprised in the said Act, and the Houses and Buildings to he taken down, and, by the passing thq said Act the Prohibition was compleat and perfect to all Intents and Purposes, and has remained upon such Lands and the Owners thereof ever since; and that at the Time the Prohibition took place it was War, and there was a great Call for Building Land, and the Price for it u^as very high, that now, Peace having taken place, the Land is not only greatly sunk in its Value, but; the Market for it is gone, and such of the Petitioners, as are Owners and Proprietors of such Land have.in particular sustained very great Damage, and the Petitioners submit to the House, ‘ that they are well entitled to a fair and adequate Compensation for the Dajrmge sustained by them respectively by the passing of the said Act, according to the Circumstances of efich Persons particular Case, among which, the Petitioners admit there'is great Difference, owing.to the Situation, Nature, or Quality of their Property, and other Particulars applicable to some and not to others: And therefore praying, That Satisfaction may be made to the Petitioners for the Damage sustained inConsequence of the said Act, according' to the Circumstance*

' of

24 Geo. III. 190 Julii. 319

of each Person’s particular Case, and the Quantum of Sir Michael Le Fleming reported from the Com-t)amage which shall appear' to have been sustained by mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-each Person, or that such otherrR.elief in'.the Premises tuled, An Act to explain, and amend a Power vested may be granted unto them as to the House shall appear in John Dalton,' Esquire, to grant Leases, so far as it just and proper,'and that the Petitioners may be heard, concerns certain ‘ Lands and Hereditaments within the by themselves or Counsel, in Support of the Allegations Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, contained in this Petition. and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, was com-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle-fcorisideration of the Committee of the whole House, gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and to whom the Bill for vesting certain Lands, Tene- that the Parties concerned had given their Consent tq ments, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better se- the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that curing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting cer- the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered tain 1 Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- the Bill in at the Clerk s Table, ments, in the Counties of SouthamptonCornwall, and . And the said Bill was read the Third.Time.

Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for Resolved, That the Bill do pass,

other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed: And Ordered, That Sir Michael Le Fleming do carry the

that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they House hath agreed to the same, without any Amend-think fit. . ment.

Dalton’s and Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee* Drummonds to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange, agreed upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of Stanmore, in the County of Middlesex, and George Drummond, Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said. Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved,/That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Prize Bounty. A Bill for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy

to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty, for taking the French Frigate called L'Amazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 27th Day of this Instant July, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

forth and A Bill foi; extending, amending, and altering the Clyde Navi- Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year, of the gation. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, " from the Firth or River oi'Foj'th, at or near the " Mouth of the River of Carron,' in the County of " Stirling, to the Firtli or River of Clyde, at or near a " Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of " Dumbarton; and also, a Collateral Cut from the " same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the " Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the " said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into " the Firth of Forth," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald Edmonstoke,: Sir Thomas Dundas, &c.: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 40.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do make the issue of Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Election whom ( the Bill to repeal so much of Two Acts, made ^rits* in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crowm, for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes, was committed.

The Lord Beauchamp accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the tH°use I and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once . read < throughout; and then a Second Time,. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the.Lords, intituled, An Act Egcrtpn'a to enable the Trustees named in the Will of Samuel Estate. Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised; and for vesting Part of the Timber on certain other Parts of the devised Estates in Trustees to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Dudley Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, Inclosure. within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Kings-Commons, Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kingsrwinford, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do. pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable

Places,

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Lockton

Inclosure.

Hamilton's

Estate.

Downton

Election.

19° Julii.

320

Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kbigswinford\ in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, I'hat Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr* Johnston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Dalziell, lying in the County of Lanerk, in James Hamilton, Esquire, and others, in Fee Tail, under the Conditions and Limitations within mentioned, and for vesting in the said James Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Rosehall, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Parry) from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Henry Seymour Comvay and 1Robert Shafto, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts \ and also, the Petition of the Honourable Edcvard BouveriC) and William Scott, Doctor of Laws; and also, the Petition of James Hill and George Quin-ton, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have resolved,

That John Dagge, Gentleman, is the legal Returning Officer for the Borough of Downtony in the County of Wilts.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Robert Shafto, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That, with regard to the Honourable Henry Seymour Conway, the last Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Downton is void.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That, with regard to the Honourable Edward Bouverie, the last Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Downton is void.

A. 1784.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Scott, Esquire* Doctor of Laws, is not duly elected a Burgess to serVe in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Downton.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be elitered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House forthwith, with the double Return for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, and amend the same, by taking off the File the Return executed by Henry Harrison, Esquire, and erasing from the Return executed by John Dagge, Gentleman, the Names of the Honourable Edward Bouverie, and William Scott, Esquire, and by inserting therein the Name of Robert Shafto, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, the last Election for the said Borough, so far as relates to One of the Burgesses, having been determined to be void.

A Petition of Thomas Withy was presented to the Privilege-House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Petitions from had the Misfortune to incur the Censure of the Com- m

mittee appointed for trying the Merits of the Petitions complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Ivetchester, in the County of Somerset, and, for the Petitioners Misconduct in the giving of his Evidence before the Committee under the Order of this House, is now in Confinement in His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate; and that the Petitioner has been for a considerable Time past in a very weak and ill State of Health, and was under Examination before the said Committee for Two Days and a Half, and hopes the Consideration of those Circumstances by the House will afford some Excuse for the Inconsistencies and Contradictions which may appear in the Evidence given by him before the said Committee, and, as the Petitioner feels that if he should be continued longer in his present Confinement, his Disorder will be greatly increased, and his Life endangered, the Petitioner, with all Humility and Contrition for his Offence, begs Leave to represent such his Situation to the House, and to hope, that in their Clemency they will order him to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Exttor Poo* Reading of the Bill to explain and amend several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor; and to raise further Sums of Money for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended, but that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon Wednesday last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, desired to be heard, by their Counsel, when the Report is received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill shall be committed;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Rolk) Mr. Baring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants (Payers to

the

f 34 Geo. III. 190 JuUi.

331

we

be

b

a

B

e

1

Oak Bark, *c.

1

hi?

tea

i i'vi Cfiuf

t)owulon

Return.

Soap Trade,

5

the Poor Rates) within the City and County of Exon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain, and for extending several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbo't reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed irish to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wills.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Soap in the Cities of London and Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, confiding in the Protection of the Laws, have erected Buildings, and purchased Utensils, at a very great Expence, for carrying on the Manufacture of Soap, and, alarmed at the Depredations which Smugglers and fraudulent Manufacturers have committed on their Trade, and consequently on that important Branch of the Revenue which depends upon it, are impelled, by a Sense of public Duty, as well as of private Interest, to submit the following Facts to the /Consideration of Parliament: That, by the Tenth of Anne, a Duty of One Penny per Pound was imposed*on all Soap manufactured in Great Britain, and, by the Twelfth of the same Ileign, a further Duty of One Halfpenny per Pound was laid; which Two Duties, the Petitioners apprehend, will be found to have produced, on an Average of the Years 1780, 1781, and 1782, a Net £211,444. 7s. 6Id; and that, by the Twenty-second of the present Reign, a further Sum of Three Farthings on hard, and One Farthing per Pound on soft, was directed to be raised on Soap, the Produce of which last Duty, though estimated at £ 104,500, has actually produced, for the Year 1783, no more than £12,406! 8s. Sid.; and, it appears, that the Three Duties on Soap, which, according to the Amount of the Two first alone, before the Third was laid, ought to have produced, for the Year 1783, £317,166. n s. 4 <L has actually produced (stating the increased Drawback on the additional Duty) no more than £223,850. 15 s. 9and that the >Petitioners have every Reason to believe, from attentive Observation, and diligent Enquiry, that the Consumption of Soap in the Island, far from being diminished, is exceedingly increased, and that the Deficiency in the Produce of the late Tax is entirely owing to the secret Practices of the fraudulent Manufacturer, and the illicit Importation of Soap by the Smuggler; and that the Petitioners are convinced, from the best Information they are able to obtain, that more than One Vol. 40.

Half of the Soap made in Great Britain escapes the Payment of the Duty, and, they have equal Reason to assert, that the illicit Importation of Soap from Jf'ranee and Guernsey, and especially from Ireland, is such at, in a great Measure, to supply the Consumption of Wales, and that of a considerable Part of the Maritime Counties of England: — Under these Circumstances of a total Failure in the Profits of their Trade, by which they are no longer able to live, and of impending Ruin to what remains of a valuable Branch of tb? Public Revenue, the Petitioners are induced to sub* Blit their Distress to the Consideration of Parliament, and humbly to intreat Relief; and that the Petitioners; desirous of submitting to all such Regulations as are necessary to the Collection of the Revenue, consistently with the Freedom of the Subject, propose, that an Act may be passed to give the Excise Officer the same free Access, by Night as well as by Day, to the entered Premises of the Soap Manufacturer, which he now has to those of the Glass-maker, and that the Officer shah have Liberty to take an Account of the Raw Materials in the Stock of every Manufacturer of Soap, and be empowered to charge the Duty on the Materials, whenever the Quantity of hard Soap produced shall be less than in the Proportion of One Ton from 14 Hundred and £of Oil, or from 13 Hundred of Tallow or Grease; and the Petitioners also beg Leave to suggest the Necessity of prohibiting Pipes, Cocks, and Perforations in the Sides or Bottoms of the Coppers made use of in the Manufacture of Soap; and likewise propose, that no hard Soap shall be sold, except in the Shape of Cakes or Bars, by which Means the many Frauds committed in consequence of the present Allowance of the Use of Scraps or Parings (under which Names all Kinds and Quantities of hard Soap, of an irregular Shape, are sold) will in future be completely prevented; and, the Petitioners are further convinced that, for the more effectual Prevention of Fraud, no Soap Manufacture shall be carried on except in a City, Market Town, or within the Limits of the Foot-walk of an Officer; and that the Petitioners beg Leave also to suggest their Opinion, that the Power which the Commissioners of Excise and the Justices of the Peace possess, to mitigate Penalties at their Discretion, has not only weakened, but almost destroyed the Operation of the Law, for which Reason they submit to the House the strong Conviction they feel, that the Laws which guard the Revenue would be more effectual, if the Commissioners of Excise and Justices of the Peace had no other Discretion than that of either exempting from all Penalty, on Proof that no Fraud was designed, or of levying the whole Penalty on Proof of intentional Offence, as by that Means Impunity could not be granted under the Semblance of Punishment; and that the Petitioners are induced to propose these Regulations from the full Conviction they feel, that no Measures less forcible will be of any Avail, especially as the fraudulent Manufacture of Soap is now an established Trade, and as the Smuggler ha3 the Advantage of purchasing in Ireland Soap which has not only paid no Duty, but which is made from untaxed Materials, while Soap manufactured in England is loaded with its own Taxes, and likevvise charged with another heavy Burthen in the Duty of 5$. 2 il per Hundred Weight on Barilla, and in the Duty of 1 s. 6 d. per Hundred Weight, paid in Ireland on all Tallow imported from that Kingdom, which Tw o Duties, added to the 21 s. per Hundred Excise on Soap, amount to a Charge of 24 s. per Hundred Weight on hard Soap manufactured in England; and that the Petitioners hope, that their venturing to submit to the Consideration of the House any Opinion of theirs will not be attributed to an unbecoming Presumption, but that the House will ascribe it to its true Motive, viz. a Desire to preserve an important Branch of the Revenue from Decay, and themselves and their 4 N Families

1


Major

Renneir*

Petition.

York

Buildings

Company's

Estates.

Supply.

3aa 190 Julii. A. 1784.

Families from Ruin: And therefore requesting such Relief as the House shall think the Public Interest will permit, and the Circumstances of their Case deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of James Retmel late Major of Engineers, in the Service of the East India Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner served His Majesty and the East India Company Seventeen Years in India, and, having suffered by Wounds and severe Service, the Petitioner, in the Year 1777, resigned his Commission in the East India Company’s Service on Condition of receiving a Pension in England, which Pension has been his chief Support since that Time, the Court of Directors of the said Company having granted it on the fullest Conviction of the slender state of his Fortune; and that the said Pension granted by the Favour of one Court of Directors, and revocable at the Will of another, and moreover subject to be affected by the future State of the Company’s Concerns, becomes a kind of Contingency, which makes it necessary for the Petitioner, in case of the Failure of his Pension, to secure a Re-admission into a Service in which he has spent the best Part of his Life, or be compelled to lose the Fruits of his long Services: And therefore praying, That his Case may be taken into Consideration, and an Exception made in his Favour in the Bill now depending in the House, for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, in which is a Clause to prevent the Return of certain Semnts of the Company to The East Indies, for the Purpose of holding any Office under the said Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, ana of the British Possessions in Indiaand for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies, is committed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland, belonging to " the York Buildings Company, for the Relief of their " Creditors," in order to have the unsatisfied Purchase Money of the several Estates distributed among the several Creditors, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, subject to certain Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the ame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to "move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Weans. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for laying additional Duties upon all Candles (except Candles. Wax and Spermaceti Candles) and for more effectually securing the Duties upon Candles; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lower Brailes for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common indusute. Fields, Meadows, and Commons or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lower Brailes, in the county of;

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

t

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Supply Bill;

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, and on Horses Horses-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof be now read. any Duty of Excise is made payable, was read a

And the said Order being read accordingly; Second Time.

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

the Committee to whom the Petition of the Reverend Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Thomas Weekes Dally, of Chippenham, in the County of the whole House.

of Wilts, Clerk, Executor of the last Will and Testa- Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday ment of Eduard Downes, deceased, who was Executor Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of the last Will and Testament of Charles Weelces, late whole House, upon the said Bill, of London, Merchant, deceased, was referred, be referred to the said Committee. Ordered, That the Older of the Day, for the Second East India

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from the Reading of the Bill for the Relief of the East India Comlian)-Committee to whom the Petition of Captain William Company, with respect to the Payment of certain Sums Brereton, late Lieutenant Governor of the City of Cavite, due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain and Commander of His Majesty’s Ships stationed at Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating The Philippine Islands, was referred, be referred to the the Dividends to be made by the said Company, be sakl Committee. now read.

And

That

ected

ethe

row

was

ave

24 Geo. III. i9°~ao° Ju323

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be* committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duties due Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

I!?81 Account of the whole Arrear of Custom Duties due d m om- from the East India Company on, the 16th of July

*784.

Resolved, That this House will,? upon Friday Mora- Prevention of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Smuggling. House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine, Importation and Running, of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable , to the Payment of Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ditto. The House being informed that Mr. Delavaud, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the whole Arrear of Custom Duties due from the East India Company the 16th of July 3 Mesa 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved among the other Papers of this Session.

Regulation of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Affairs. to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to turn the said Bill into Two Bills, if they think fit;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mahon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mahon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may < have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-

Printed Silks, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole v c* House, upon the Bill for laying additional Duties on

Silks, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Importation of Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with, Cotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Foreign Parts.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-Bricks, &c. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

Su 1 Bill* Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Excise Li- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon cences. the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned.

Vol. 40.

Martis, 20° die Julii 3 .

i 1.

Anno 24* Georgii III. Regis, 1784.

/ r 1 '

Prayers.

MR. Dempster reported from the Committee, to Dalrymple’a whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Estate, tuled, An Act for replacing the Sum of Five thousand Five hundred Pounds, raised by Sale of Six thousand Two hundred and Six Pounds Four Shillings Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, Part of Seventeen thousand Pounds like Annuities, mentioned in the Marriage Settlement of John Dalrymple, Esquire, and Eleanor his Wife, and applied in the Purchase of certain Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estates, in the County of Southampton; and for vesting such Estates in Edward Morant, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that tins House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the Preservation and Encouragement of Exporting the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing Hare Skins, the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins; and for preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom, Dutyfree, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tormorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Milton Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, School An Act for vesting a Cottage or Tenement used as and House* for a School House, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in Lieu of, and in Compensation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, situate and being in the Town of Doi'chester, of greater Value, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Henry Bankes and Francis John

Bfvwne,


3*4 $o°

Brome, EsquiresyOn Behalf of themselves and the other FeofifeeS Of Abby MUtm School, in the County of Dorset, was also read.

And Owe of the Counsel agtdnfet the Bill was heard, hnd in Part examined a Witness in Support of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to

Withdraw.

Royal Assent A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman

to Bilk Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. "Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of . Peers, to bear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several othet-Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followed); viz.

An Act for laying additional Duties upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) and for moFe effectually securing the Duties upon Candles.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and 6tate, the Public Accounts . of the Kingdom.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Lower in the County of Warwick.

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend James Dalton, Rector of the Parish of in the County of

Middlesex, and George Drummond, Esquire, of certain Lands within the said Parish.

An Act to explain and amend a Power vested in John Dalton, Esquire, to grant Leases, so for as it concerns certain Lands and Hereditaments within the Town or Precincts of Lancaster, called The Fryerage, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting the Estate of lying in

the County of Lanerk, in James Hamilton, Esquire, and others, in Fee Tail, under the Conditions and limitations within mentioned, and for vesting in the said James Hamilton, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Estate of Rosehall, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof.

An Act for vesting Part Of the Estate of John Talbot, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Wilts, intailed by his Will, in Trustees, to be.sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same.

Milton Then the Counsel for and against the ingrossed Bill

School from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Cottage

House. or Tenement used as and for a School House, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in lieu of and in Compensation for,

Julii. A. 1784.

a Messuage or Tenement and Garden situate and being in the Town of Dorchester, of greater Value were agaiu called in.

And the Counsel against the Bill proceeded further in the Examination of the said Witness, and examined several other Persons, and produced Evidence, in Support of the Petition against the said Bill, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 73-

Tellers for the Noes, { . } 56.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Mr. Darner,

Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of Two Acts, iS9Ue of Elec-made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign tion Writs, of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House Of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for tire Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes.

Ordered, That the Lord Beauchamp do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Salford, &c. for repealingtm Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of Roads, the Rdgn of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns f

of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to j

certain Places called The Bivad Oak, in Worsley, and I

Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster1 for making more effectual Provision for repairing and Widening the said Roads; and also for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from

thence, through Hilton Lane, to lkrwsan Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elringion for dividing and allotting Part of the Town Fields, and Inclosure, the whole of the Town Green, of in the

Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Custom on Act to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Goods AlhsusGoods. imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported from,

The Mediterranean Seas, in unqualified Ships; and for 2 repealing

24.GEQ. lit

20° Julii.

325

repealing so much of an Att, pa&ed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as enacts thfat no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America; without any Amendment1: And also, flow’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Estate- investing the Estates late of Thomas Bartons Esquire,

deceased, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money to be applied^ under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Legacies, charged upon and affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Exeter Poor. A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others who pay the Rates for Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within the City and County of the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and - Workhouses within the City and County oT the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor, and to raise further Sums of Money for the more effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, as it now stands, will be highly prejudicial to, and grievously burthensome on, the Petitioners and others paying the Rates for Relief of the Poor within the said, City and County of the City of Exon: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Witnesses, Agents, and Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all, who come to the said Committee, have Voices.

Gibbs* Loss A Petition of Francis Gibbs, late of Portsmouth, by taking Master House Carpenter and Ironmonger, but now of

Lands for the Kings Bench Prison, was presented to the House,

Dockyards. ancj rea(j. Setting forth, That the Petitioner is in great Distress, occasioned by an Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for vesting certain Lands and Tenements near Portsmouth in the Hands of Trustees, for the Purpose of enlarging the Fortifications erecting for the Security of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, by which Act the Fee of such Lands and Tenements are taken from the Proprietors, and the Petitioner has been debarred these Three Years past from executing his Right of selling, or borrowing Money on, his Estate, from which Circumstance he is reduced to the most distressed Situation, although he has a Real Estate in new Houses of £. 120 per Annum, clear of all Incumbrances, but from being deprived of selling or mortgaging his Property during the Pleasure of Parliament, he has been unable to raise Money to pay his Debts, the Whole of which does not amount to £.1^0, and has been obliged to

Vo 1.40.

submit to Confinement in Prison for near Twelve Months past, and thereby been prevented from cm Tying on his Business, which has been attended with Ruin to himself and Family,; apd that the Petitioner had sold Part of his Land, and had entered into an Agreement to build Two more Houses, but the King’s Solicitor and Two Engineers came on the Premisses after the passing of the said Act, and warned him not to proceed, and these Causes have produced his Ruin, and that of his Family: And therefore praying,

That the House will consider his deplorable Situation, and grant him common Justice for the Injuries he b^s suffered, in order that he may get his Liberty, and be in a Situation to provide for his Wife and Family, as he formerly did, by his Industry.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages,

Lands, Tenement^, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Oak Bark, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain; and for extending several Acts uf Parliament, relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called (Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee,bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, lo whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; \yhich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-one Pounds, Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make Compensation to the Reverend Thomas IVeekes Dolby\ the Representative of Charles IVeekes, deceased, for the Loss sustained by the Detainer of the Ship Hope belonging to the said Charles IVeekes, on Account of His, Majesty’s Victualling Office, in the Years 1743 and 1744.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the \vay* and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Person exercising only the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, with an Intent to gam a 4 O Livelihood

%z6 20° — £1° yfulii. dt' ri‘784.

'Livelihood ’ thereby, Aitkin i the ' Cities of London<and Resolved, That thfs House trill, upon Thursday Westminster, and the ‘Weekly ‘ Bills rif ’Mortality, or Morning next, resolve itself into a. Committee of the within the ’Borough Of Southwark, in the County of ‘WholeHouse, to consider furtherof tiae^saidMl.

Surrey, shall yield arid pay Annually) to{and Tor the

f Use of'His Majesty, His1 Heirs and ’ Successors, for a The other Orders of the Day being read; licence to use and exercise the said Trade oriBusiness of iResolved\ That this 'House1 will, Tomorrow, at Dock'Vfttii. 'an Horse Dealer, the Sum of Ten1 Pounds. Twelve of the Clock, Tesolve itself into raT Committee

Resobed, Thatit is the Opinion of this Committee, of the whole House, upon the Pill for vesting certain That every I Person exercising only the Trade and Bn- Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees/for siness of an Horse Dealer, with an Intent to gain a better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores Livelihood thereby, without the Cities of London and at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re*vesting Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita-Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, shall ments, in the Counties of \Southampton, Cornwall,*, rid yield and pay Annually unto^His Majesty, His Heirs and Devon, in the former Proprietors-thereof; and for other Successors, for a Licence to use and exercise the said Purposes therein mentioned.

Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, the Sum of Five Resolved, That this House will, upon ’Thursday

Pounds. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

The said Resolutions being severally read a Seqorid whole1 House, upon the Bill for laying certain Duties Time, were, upon the Question severally puf thereupon, upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, agreed toby the House. and Dealers in, Exciseable-Commodities therein 'men-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee tioned. of the-whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to

His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the And then the House adjournesd till Tomorrow

Purpose of riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said — 1,1' *--------- *----- r ~ ....

Resolutions.

Order The House was moved, That the Order made upon

discharged. Friday last, ft That there be laid before this House,

" a Copy of the Inspector General’s Account of Imports-and Exports for the Year 1783," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Imports and Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Exports* Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, Great Britain, from Christmas1782 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Place.

Jtegnlation of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

airs‘ to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies, be now read.

Arid the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mahon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mahon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Prevention of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Smuggling, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Mercurti, 21* die Julii; Anno 240 Georgii IIP11 Regis, i;/84*

&c.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Exporting House to resolve itself into a Committee of the H*re skms, whole House, upon the Bill for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool, and British Coney Woo!, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins; and for preventing any of the said Skins from being Stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom Duty-free, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mofroW Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcoch, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Number of Carriages, rif each Sort, that have paid Duty, in the Year ending 5th July 1782: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Number of Makers and Manufacturers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities (Victuallers, Beer and Brandy Retailers, and Coffee and Tea Dealers, excepted) with the Number of each Denomination distinguished, for the Year ending 5th July 1783: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Annual Amount of the Duties of Excise charged on Paper, for the last Two Years, ending 5th July 1783; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 4.

Account* from ScoU land.

Carriage.

Duty.

Makers of Exciseable Goods.

Duty on Paper. (

*4:

£4'Geo. IIL a i° Julii. 3*27

Printed N° 4. An Account of the Annual produce of the

Callicoes. Duties on printed Callicoes, Sgc. for1 Fifteen Yeare* ending 5th July 1783; distinguishing each Year: And also,

Silks, &c. N° 5. An Account of the Quantity of Silks, Silk Handkerchiefs, Callicoes British and Foreign, and Linens printed, painted, or stained, chafged with Excise Duties, and of the Amount of the said Duties, for Five Years, ending 5th July 1783; distinguishing each Year and each Species, and the Rate of Duty thereon: And also,

Candles, &c. N° 6. An Account of the Quantity of'Talldw Candles charged with a Duty of Excise, with the Ambunt of the Duties thereon, for*Five Years, ending 5th July 1783; distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Rate of Duty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wferc rdad.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hduse.

The said "Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dock Yards* The Order of the Day being read,! for the Hotise

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whble House, upon the Bill for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, -and Hereditaments in Trustees, "for better "securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Dcton, in the former "Proprietors thereof; and for btfier Purposes therein mentioned;

- - Ordered, That the Account of the L^nds-proposerd to be vested in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and1 Plymouth, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the hard Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleas^ to deceive the same.

_ Ordered\ That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Message Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the

from^he House, That he had a Message from'His Majesty to Ust? ml this House, signed by His Majesty; and heipresented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said Most GriciousMfe-sage be referred to the Consideration of the 'Committee of the whole House, to whdra it is "referred*to cotfskter further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Mr. Baring, from the Sdlect Committee, who^efe l^bester appointed to try and determine the Merits1 of thgjPe- Election* tition of John Harcourt, Esquire, and Sir Samuel nan-nay, Baronet; and also, the Petition of John Pitt, John Shorland, and others, Electors in the Borough of /##-chester, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, teat the said Select Committee have determined,

That Peregrine Cust, Esquire, is duly elected a 'Burgess to serve in this ^reseiit Parliament for the ^Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset:

And also, that the said Select Committee Tfkve determined.

That Benjamin Bond Hopkitis, 'Esquirfe, is duly elected a Burgess to serve‘in this present Parliament Tor the Borough of Ivelchester, in the Couriiy *of 1Somerset*

And! the said Determinations \Aere ordered to ‘be ^fentefecTin the Journals of tdis Houie.

Ordered, That the Order1 of the Day, for the House Regulation to resolve ^itself ihto a "Committee if the whole Bfouse, ^ffEast India to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the sEast ’India Company, and of the British Possessions in^ India j, £hd for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the Triote speedy and effectual Trial of Persons aeddsed of Offences ~co'mmitted in the East Indies, be now read.

- And the^aM"Ofder teing read accordingly;

The House resolved itfeelf into the ’said C<8n* mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. , #

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the "C<5b* mittee. f

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. (

Sir George Howard reported frhm the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and iinade several Amendments thereunto; which :thdy had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ofd&'ed, That the Report be Dow received.

Sir George Howard accordingly reported from She said Committee, the Amendments which the C^httiittee had made to the Bill, and which they Had 'directed him tof report to the House; and he read the Report in h!s Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: WSiefe the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken intb further Consideration upon Monday Morning-next. _

Ordered, That such a Nlimber of Copies of the &id Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, 'as shSll :be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the 'House.

'Jt gives His Majesty great Concern, that, notwithstanding the Retrenchihents which have been already made in the Establishment of His Civil List, He finds hhnself under the Necessity of acquainting the House of Commons, that Debts have been incurred, by the unavoidable Expences of His Civil Government, to a considerable Amorint, an Account df which He has ordered to be laid before this House.

His Majesty relies on the Zeal arid Affection of His faithful'Commons, that they will take the same into their early Consideration, and provide such Means as they shall think proper, ‘to enable His Majesty to discharge the same.

G. R.

Mr. Chancellqr of the Exchequer presented to ^the Civil List, Hdusfe, by His Majesty s Command,

An Account, shewing the Estimated Anbual Chirge of His Majesty’s Civil Government; and the Charge of the same for Orie Year, from the 5th Day of April ’1783 to the 5th Day of April 17S4 (including the Stoto of £. 50,000 applied to cancel Exchequer Bills, made but on Credit of the Civil List Revenues); w'jth ttie Difference between the said Estimate and the Chaise Ih the above Pdriod; and also distinguishing the Chargjfe In each Quarter.

And the Title of thfe'said Account was reAd.

The said Account is as followeth; yiz.

Vol. 404

An Act ACCOUNT, shewing the Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil' Government;- and the Charge of the same for One Year, from the 5 th Day of April *733 40 the 5 th Day of April 1784 (including the Sum of £ 50,000 applied to cancel Exchequer Bills made out on Credit of the Civil List Revenues); with the Difference between the stud Estimate and the Charge in the above Period; and also distinguishing the Charge in each Quarter.

FIRST CLASS:

The Pensions and Allowances to the Royal Family.

His Majesty’s Privy Purse -

Her Majesty the Queen -

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales -

Ditto -

Princes Frederick, William, Edward^ Ernest,

and Adolphus -

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland -Her Royal Highness the Princoss Amalie -

SECOND CLASS:

Payment of the Salaries of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, the Chief Justice of Chester, and the Justices of the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales.

The Lord Chancellor, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal -

The Speaker of the House of Commons *

Estimated Annual Charge. CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended Total Charge in th* VpQf *nrlpn Inrrpoaa Decrease.

r~- 5th July 1783- loth October 1783. 5th January 1784. 5th April 1784. All tile X veil CUUCM 5th April 1784. Auii cH3C.

£ * d. 60.000 50.000 £. 9. d. 15,000 — 12,500 — 5>°5l 3 . .2,750 " " 2,250 — 3.000 --- £ 9. d. 15,000 12,500 £ s. d. 15,000 12,500 £ s. d. 15,000 12,500 £ s. d. 60.000 50.000 £ 9. d. £ - d:

20,204 12 7 11,000 9,000 12,000 12,500 2,750 2,250 3,000 12,500 2,750 2,250 3,000 12,500 2,750 2,250 3,000 5,051 3 ii 37,500 11.000 — — 9,000 12.000 37,500 — — 15,153 9 5i

162,204 12 7 40,551 3 48,000 48,000 48,000 — — 184,55* 3 *i 37,500: 15,153 9 5i

£ s. d. 5.000 T /. S. d- 1,250 — £ 9. d. 1,250 485 — — £ 9. d. 1,250 £ 9. d. 1,250 £ 9. d. 5,000 £ 9. d. £ s. d.

1,825 455 ' 435 400 — — 1,775 > 50 *

i\° Julii. . 1784*

Vol. 40.

The Lord Chief Justice of the King's £. s. d.

Bench - - - - 4,000-----1

One of the Justices of the said Court 1,500 :--- I

Another ---- 1,500-----[

Another - - - 1,500----- J

The Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas - - - 2,000 — — vi

Ditto additional Salary - 1,000----

One of the Justices of the said Court - 1,500 — — '

Another ---- 1,500 *-------------- j

Another ---- 1,500 — — J

The Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer - 2,000----

One of the Barons of the said Court 1,500----

Another - - - ,. - - - 1,500-----

Another ---- 1,500 ——

Chief Justice of Chester - -

Second Justice of Ditto - - - 500-----

Chief Justice of Glamorgon, Brecon,

and Radnor - - - - 400-----

Second Justice of Ditto - 400-----

Chief Justice of Carmarthen, Pembroke,

and Cardigan - 400----/

Second Justice of Ditto - 400-----

Chief Justice of Carnarvon, Merioneth,

and Anglesea - - - - 400 — -

Second Justice of Ditto - 400-----

THIRD CLASS:

8.500 -

7.500 -

6,600----

730 -

2,900----

33A55----

2,125-----

1,875-----

1,625-----

182 10 —

725 -

8,237 10 —

The Salaries of the Ministers to Foreign Courts, being resident at the said Courts.

H

rr

P-

FRANCE:

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 100 a Week - -

Ditto Extraordinaries -

Secretary to the Embassy, 40 s. a Day -

Ditto Extraordinaries -

Minister Plenipotentiary, ^5 a Day -

Ditto Extraordinaries -

£. 5,214 5 r,6oo — 730 — 400 —

Minister Plenipotentiary, ,£.'3 a Day Secretary to Minister Plenipotentiary

d.

81

s. d.

1,300-----

400-----

182 -

100-----

395 -

85 14 6

21 14 — I

2,125 2,125 2,125 — 8,500 — —

*,875 1,875 1,875 - — 7,500

1,625 1,625 1,625 — 6,500 . - . 100

182 10 — 182 10 — 182 10 — 730 ’

725 725 725 — 2,900

8,267 10 — 8,217 10 — 8,18210 — 32,905 . - 150 — —

£ £. s. d. £ S. £ s. d. £. ». d.

1,385 14 3f 1,257 2 10 >,3«o 5,242 17 ii 28 11 4!

400 404 11 uf 400 1,604 11 nf 4 11 nf

136 200 — — 244 762 32

68 19 2 114 18 10f 133 6 8 417 4 8f 17 4 84

485 435 455 1,770 1,770

100 100 — — 100 385 14 6 385 14 6 4

- - - - 84 — 93 177 177

25 25 — 25 96 14 — 4 96 14 — 4

VO

24 Geo. III.

V

o

o

o

00

r>

CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended ! j

THIRD CLASS — continued. Estimated Total Charge in the Xear funded 5th April 1784.

Annual Charge. r 5th July 1783. 10th October 1783. 5th January 1784. \ 5th April 1784. Increase. Decrease.

SPAIN: £ d. £ s. d. £ A d. £ * d £ a. d. £ 4 £ S. d, £s. d.

Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary,^, too 71 8 64

aWeek ---- 5.214 5 1,300 i.37i 8 6i - 3,842 17 1$ M77 — 3 538

Ditto Extraordinaries - - - - 1,600 — — 22 19 9 400 422 19 9 -

Secretary to Embassy 730 — 10 182 192 -

Ditto Extraordinaries - 400 — 5 U 100 105 14 114 - 294 5 — i

Minister Plenipotentiary, £.3 a Day - - - 159 291 261 273 984 984

Ditto, as Secretary to Extraordinary Embassy - - - 182 194 174 182 732 732

Ditto - - - Ditto - - - Extraordinaries - - - 100 100 100 100 460 400 — —

PORTUGAL:

Minister Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.8 a 728 776 696 728

Day ----- 2,920 — — 2,928 8

Extraordinary Disbursements - - - - 300 — — 75 75 75 75 300

TURIN:

Envoy Extraordinary, £.5 a Day - 1,825 — — 455 485 435 455 — — 1,830 5

Extraordinary Disbursements - - -Charge des Affaires, 40 s.a Day, to 25th October 400 100 100 100 100 400

1783 182 194 30 - - 406 — — 406

NICE:

Vice Consul - 85 85 85 85 340 340

NAPLES:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.8 a

Day Extraordinaries 2,920 400 — 728 100 776 100 — — 696 100 728 100 2,928 400 8 —

FLORENCE:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £.8 a Day -Extraordinaries - - - - . 2,920 — 400 — 728 100 — . — 776 100 696 100 728 100 2,928 400 8

VENICE:

Resident, £.3 a Day - - -Extraordinaries - - - - 1,095 — 400 — 273 100 291 100 261 100 273 100 1,098 400 3

o

a i° Juki A. 17S4.

O SWISS CAKTONS:

f Minister, £. 3 a Day, to the 2 ad May inclusive -

§ Extraordinaries -

CONSTANTINOPLE: Ambassador, £.3 a Day - -

HOLLAND:

Deputy Conservator at Campveere -

VIENNA:

Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 8 a Day Extraordinaries -

B R U.S S E L S:

Minister Plenipotentiary, £.5 a Day -

£. s. d.

From 5th to 14th April 1783 45----1

D% from 5th April 17 83 - - 1,830---- j

Extraordinaries - -

d.

From 5th to 14th April 1783 - 81-5 — I

D°, from 5th April 1-783 - - - 390 2 6/

RUSSIA:

nvoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, £. 8 a Day - -

From 5th April to 16th Decern- a. d.

ber 1783 - 2,040-----

From 25th June 1783 - - 2,288---- J

Extraordinaries -

From 5th April to 16th Decern- £. 9. d.

ber 1783 - 415 10 4'

From 25th June 17S3 - - 468----

BERLIN;.

Envoy Extraordinary, £.5 a Day - -

Extraordinaries -

SWEDEN:

Envoy Extraordinary at Stockholm, 5 a Day Extraordinaries - -

1.095 — 480 —

1.095 —

2.920 — 600 —

1.825 — 400 —

2.920 —

600 — r

1.825 — 400 —

1.825 — 400 —

141 141 ——

62 62 " " *

273 — — 291 261 — — 273 1,098 3

30 30 30 30 120 ,- 120 — —

728 776 696 728 7 2,928 — — 8

150 150 150 150 600

500 98 17 6 485 100 435 100 — 455 100 ' ' 1 1,875 — — 1 398 17 6- 1 1 . ‘ O *0 1

816 168 — — 1,552 300 1,232 265 10 4 728 — -150 - 4,328 } 883 10 4I 1,408 283 10 4

455 485 435 455 - 1,830 — — 5 — -r-

100 100 100 100 - 400 1-

455 485 435 455 1,830 ..S - ~

100 — — 100 100 — — 100 400 — -r-

954 -

418----

126

Vs*

<Vi>

24 Geo. III. ai° Juki

r

THIRD CLASS —

DENMARK:.

Envoy Extraordinary at Copenhagen, 5 a Day Extraordinaries -

POLAND:

Minister at Warsaw, £.3 a Day -Extraordinaries -

DRESDEN:

Envoy Extraordinary, £.5 a Day Extraordinaries *

jCharg£ des Affaires, 40 s. a Day

HANS TOWNS:

Minister, £. 3 a Day -Extraordinaries

ELECTOR.PALATINE:

Minister at Ratisbon, £.3 a Day

To the 23d May 1783 - 144 — — "I

Ditto from 18th November 1783 417- J

Extraordinaries ..

To the 23d May 1783 - - 51

Ditto from 18th November 1783 153

s. d.

2 2f|

3 5iJ

ELECTOR OF COLOGNE

Minister, £. 3 a Day -

Extraordinaries - -

Ambassador to the Emperor of Morocco, and Dey

of Algiers, I- 5 a Day ..

1,095----

400-----

1,825----

400-----

1,095 -----:

300-----

i,095 -

300----

1.095

300

2/3

100

455

100

182

273

75

144----

51 2 2|

273 — 75 —

455 -

Consul at Madrid -O Consul at Cadiz -§ Consul at Carthagena

u 0

C

1,000 -

200 -

100-----

250-----

50-----

25-----

CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended Total Charge

loth October 1783. 5th January 1784. ~ 7" \ 5^h April 1784. in the Year ended 5th April 1784. Increase. Decrease.

£. a, 485 100 £. 435 100 I 1 1 - 1 1 V&ioo £. *. d. 1,830 400 £‘ 1. d. 5 £. a. d.

291 100 261 100 273 100 1,098 400 3

485 100 194 435 100 455 — — 100 — — 1,830 400 — — 376 5 — — 376

291 75 261 75 273 75 1,098 300 3

m* m — 144 _ _ 273 561,) - 534

- 55 3 5i 100 — — 206 5 71 I' ' - 93 H 4i

291 75 261 75 273 — — 75 1,098 300 3

485 435 35 1,410 1,410

250 50 2 5 250 50 25 250 — — 50 25 1,000 200 100

u»

V^Li-y ni«£ 0i*

<5

o

o

D

ii

H

K

Consul at Corunna, Gallicia - - 25° — 6a 10 — 62 10 — 62 10 — 62 10 — 250 — —

Consul at Naples - - 400 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 400 — —

Consul at Genoa - 250 — — 62 10 — 62 10 — 62 10 — 62 10 — 250 — —

Consul General at Morocco - - 800 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 200 — — 800 — —

Consul at Tunis - - 500 — — 125 — — 125 — — *25 — — 125 — — 500 — —

Consul at Tripoli - - 380 — — 95 — — 95 — , — 95 — — 95 — — 380 — —

Extraordinaries - - - 250 — — 62 10 — 62 10 — 62 10 — 62 10 — 250 — —

Consul at Algiers - - - 600 — 150 — — 150 — . — 150 — — 150 — — 600 — —

Extraordinaries - - 121 7 ioi 121 7 10 i 121 7 lOf 121 7 10} 485 11 6 vr* 00 11 6

Consul at Ostend, &c. - - 200 — — 50 — — 50 — 50 — — 50 -T- — 200 — —

Consul at Trieste - - - 30 — — 30 — — 30 — — 30 — — 120 — — 120 — —

60,913 11 5 15.051 6 u 16,253 11 3i 15,000 8 6i 16,454 4 6} 62,759 10 6* 9,698 18 5i 7,852 19 3*

FOURTH CLASS:

The approved Bills of all Tradesmen, Artificers, 1

and Labourers, for any Articles supplied Work done for His Majesty’s Service. or £ s* d. £ s. d. £ s. d. s. d. s. d. £ $. d. £ t. d. £. d.

Bills in the Lord Chamberlain’s Department - 34,000 — — 9.944 16 1 6,517 14 — 15,397 3 7 14,163 12 n 46,023 5 10 12,023 5 10

D* - within the Department of the Lord Steward 77,000 — — 13.001 16 1 18,330 *4 9 15,025 19 8i 12,670 4 ni 59,028 15 5i - - i7,97» 4 6i

D° - of the Master of the Horse - 22,000 — r — 10,178 381 15 — 3,218 18 8 3,673 13 11 5,252 — — 22,323 7 7 323 7 7

D# - of the Master of the Robes - 1,400 — — 18 11 983 15 101 359 12 94 254 11 ioi 1,979 19 5t 579 19 51

The Usher of the Court of Exchequer The Usher of the Receipt of Exchequer - -) 9,000 — — / 234 I 1.929 3.843 3 5 9 2.52 1,607 10 9 1 -t 427 1,782 17 5 9 7* 282 1,645 5 7 1 2i 1,196 6,964 16 6 8 10 } - 00 , U> 00 16 6

Printer s Bills - - - 7,000 — — 10 9 4,551 19 1 1,272 14 3 3,469 6 9i 3,137 10 104 6,137 10 10}

Bills of the Prince of Wales’s Tradesmen - - 20,000 — — 4.931 18 6 4,931 18 6 - - 15,068 l 6

Ditto of Prince Frederick, and the other Princes 11,000 — — 1,438 8 9 594 5 3 1,060 14 2 723 1 8 3,816 9 10 - - 7,183 10 2

181,400 — — 45,884 12 10 36,057 6 9i 39,000 1 8i 38,460 9 8 159*402 1 I — i 19,064 3 9 41,061 12 8i

FIFTH CLASS:

The Menial Servants of His Majesty’s Household.

The Lord Chamberlain at the Exchequer - £ s. d. 1. d. s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

- 3,000 — — 750 — — 750 — — 750 — — 750 — — 3,000 — —

Ditto - at his Office - - - - 1,200 _ 300 _ — _ 300 _ 300 — — 300 — — 1,200 — —

The Vice Chamberlain at the Exchequer -Ditto - at the Lord Chamberlain’s Office 600 — 150 — — 150 — 150 — — 150 — — 600 — —

- 559 8 4 139 17 1 139 17 1 139 17 1 J39 »7 1 559 8 4

The Groom of the Stole at the Exchequer - 2,000 — 500 — . 500 500 — — 500 ‘ 2,000 — - —

Ditto - at the Lord Chamberlain’s Office - 1,000 — 250 — — 250 — 250 — — 250 — 1,000

12 Gentlemen of the Bed Chamber 12,000 — — 3,000 — — 3,000 — — 3,000 — 3,000 — — - 12,000

uo

24 Geo. III.

g

cq"

n'

cr

o

o

FIFTH CLASS — continued.

12 Grooms of the Bed Chamber

13 Grooms of the Bed Chamber

4 Physicians to the Kings Person -Physician to the Household -One Apothecary to the Person Another Ditto - -

3 Principal Surgeons and Serjeant Surgeons Apothecary to the Household Surgeon to the Household -Housekeeper at St James’s -B* -- - at Kensington - -

B* - - at Hampton. Court

D* - - at. Windsor Castle

15* - - at Newmarket

Secretary to the Chamberlain *

Rrst Cleric. to Ditto -

Second Clerk to Ditto -

Chamber Keeper to Ditto.

Running Porter to Ditto

Master of the Music ....

Conductor of Music at the Balls

24. Musicians ....

Serjeant Trumpeter -

Captain of the Yeomen of the Guards

Lieutenant -

Ensign -

Clerk of the Cheque -

4 Corporals- -

loo Yeomen. ....

Yeomen Ushers -6 Yeomen Hangers ..

a Bedgoers ....

LQ Grooms: of the Great Chamber Barber to the Person «... Surveyor of Pictures- - -

Strewer of Herbs - -

Master of the Game at Newmarket

Estimated Annual Charge.

/ 5th July 1783.

I- s. d.

» - 6,000 -

- - m 1,625

- - 1,200 —: — 300

- - 200 50

- . 275 — — 68 15 —

- - 320 5 — 80 1 3

- - - M90 297 1-0 —

- - 160 40 — —

- - 2.80 70

- - 3po 75

- Jpo 75

m - zoo 50

+ - 300 75

" 120 30

- 550 145

- 200 50

- - no 2 t] 10 —

- - 32 12 — 8 3 —

40 10 — —

- - 200 50

- - 100 25 _ _

- - 1,000 240

- 100 25

- 1,000 195 1 —

5oa 1.25. —

300 75 — —

150- 37 10 —

- 600 1.50

- 3,956 5 — 9% 13

- 80 20

- - 60 1-5

- - 20 5

400 to©

- - 37° 92 10 —

- - 200 50

- 24 6-

" Co — — *-5

CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended Total Charge in <the Year ended; 5 th April 17 84. Increase. Decrease.

loth October 17S3. 5th January 1784. A 5th April 17844

iC» s» d> ' - x £. I. S. d. £ * d. £. d. £,. s. <L

1,635 — - 1,625 - — 1,625 6;500 } 500 -

300 — 300 300 1,200

50 50 50 200

68 15 — 68 15 — 68 15 — 275

80 1 3 80 1 3 80 1 3; 320 5 —

297 10 — 297 10 — 297 10 — 1,190 - 1 -

40 j 40 40 160 — —

70- — _ 70 70 280

75 75 75 3oo t-.

75 75 75 300

50 1 5 0 50 20 0 - '

75: 75 i 75 — — 300 — — v

30 3a — — 3« 120 — -r- "

145 145 — — 145 — — 580 — —

50 — —: 50: 50 20 0

27 IQ —,) 27; IQ — > 27 DO l^to — -

& 3 — ! ft 3 — I 8 3 — 32 13 —

10 10 — 10 40

50 50 50 200

25 25 — ~ 25 100

240 — — 240 240 — — 960 — — ... 40 —

25 25 *5 100 — — iv

250 — ' — 250 250 945 1 — ... 54 IQ - —

,.25. , 25. — 125 500 t *

75 — — 75 75 .300 - — 1

37 — 37 — 37 10 — 150 -

1-50 150 — — 150 600- - —

989 1 3 989 1 3 ch o\ 00 3,956 5 —

20 — — 20 — — 20 — 80 ‘

i-5 15 _ _ 15 — 60-

5 5: 5 — 20. —

1-00 100 100 400

92 10 — 92 10 92 10- — ’ 370-

50 50 50 200

6 6 6) 24

*5 V5 15" — 60- — T

8^! T W£oxt

<5

o

g

cq'

n'

CD

CL

D"

O

o

eg

FT

4 Gamekeepers at Richmond and Hampton Court - 160 — — 40 —

8 Trumpeters of the Household - - - 365 — — 91 5

Housekeeper at Kew - - - 1.36 13 — 3/1 13

Ditto - - at the Queen s House - - - - 450 — — 112 10

Ditto - - at the Cockpit, Whitehall - - - 60 — — 15 —

4 Gentlemen of the Privy Chamber - - - &00 — — 200 —

4 Grooms of Ditto - - - 292 — — 73 —

4 Gentlemen Ushers, Daily Waiters - - - 60a — — 150 —

Gentleman Usher, Daily Waiter Assistant - 6G 13 4 16 13

8 Gentlemen Ushers, Quarter Waiters - - 400 — — 100

4 Pages of the Presence - - - 100 — — 25 —

Housekeeper at Westminster - - - - 121 13 4 30 8

9 Necessary Women at S1 James s - - - - 496 8 — 124 2

Chaplain at Kensington - - - 50 — — 12 10

Ditto- - - at Windsor - - - 60 — — 15 —

Two Persons to pump Water - - - - 68 17 8 17 4

A Person for removing Dust at Whitehall - - . 40 — — 10 —

6 Pages of the Bed Chamber - - - - 480 — — 120 —

6 Ditto of the Back Stairs - - 1,200 — — 300 —

Laundress, Sempstress, and Starcher - - - 403 10 — 10Q J7

Laundress of the Body Linen - - - - 250 — — 62 10

The Lord Steward of the Household at the Excheque r i,540 — — 3*5 —

D* ----- at the Lord Steward’s Office - - 1,460 — — 365 —

Treasurer of the Household - - - - 1,200 — — 3Q0 —

Controller of the Household - - - 1,200 — — 300

Master of the Household - - 1,158 — — 28g IQ

First Cterk of the Household - - - - 500 — — 125 —

Second Clerk of Ditto - - - - 400 — — 1QO —

Three Under Clerks of the Household - 495 — — 123 15

Messenger to the Green Cloth - . 7<5 — — *9

Porter to Ditto - - . - 48 — — 12 —

Necessary Woman to Ditta - - - 35 — — 8 15

Gentleman of the Pantry - - - 20Q — — 65

Groom of Ditto - . - 60 — — 2Q —

Porter of Ditto - . _ - 30 — — 12 IQ

Gentleman of the Buttery _ - 200 — — 65 - —

Yeoman of the Buttery - - - - 100 — - — 3o —

Groom of Ditto - - _ 9° — — 25 —

Assistant - - - - 30 — . — *5 15

Gentleman of the Wine Cellar . 1 300 — — 9°

Yeoman of Ditto - _ - -120 — — 35 —

Groom of Ditto - _ _ 100 — — 30 —

Assistant - 30 — — io 15

Porter - 30 — — 12 10

Clerk of the Spicery and Chandlery - - - 200 — — 50 —

40 40 — — 40 — 160 .

91 5 — 91 5. — St* 5 — j 3^5

31 13 3 3i 13 3 31 13 3 i 126 13 — 1 /

112 io — 112 IQ — 112 1.0) — 1 450

15 15 15 60

20Q 200 200 800

73 73 — — 7 3 j r 292

15a 150 150 6oo>

16 4 16 13 4 i& 13 4 66 13 4

1OQ 10a 10© — 40©

35 25 25 — 10©

30 8 4. 30 8 4 3fl 8 4 121 13 4

124 2 — 124 2 — 124 2 — 496 8 —

12 IQ — 12 10 — 12 i© — 50

15 15 15 ! 6©

17 4 5 »7 4 5 »7 4 5 68. 17 8

10 10 la 4»

12a 120 12© 48© —

300 300' 30© j 1,20©

100 17 6 100 17 6 lQQ 17 6 403 1© —

62 IQ — 62 10 — 62. 1© — 25©

385 385 385 . 1,540 —

365 360 16 — 3% 1,455 »6> — -

30© 241 7 6 - 841 7 6 -

300 241 7 6 ! 32 19 6 874 7 — -

289 10 — 289 10 —: 289, 1© — 1,15*

135 — — 125 1 25 ! 50a

10Q 100 10© 40©

123 *5 — 133 15 — 123 15 495

19 *9f — — 76

12 12 12- 4ft

8 15 — 8 15 — 8. 15 — 35

65 6>j — — 65 360. — — 60

20 1 2© i 20 ~ 80 20

12 10 — 13 i© — 12 10 — 50 20

65 ! 65 — 65 26© 6a ——

3© i 30 — ! 30 12l© { 2a

25 35 — - ‘ 25 100 10

15 15 — *515 — 15 15 — 63 33

; 90 90 — ga — — 36© — 6a — — -

35 1 35 — 05 140 20

30 30 — 3© 120 — — 20

10 15 — 1 10 15 — iq 15 — 1 43 13

12 10 — 1210 — 12 10 — 50 20 — —

50 50 — 50 200

4 4 — 358 i2 6

325 13 —

4 Geo. III. 210 Juli

O

o

eg.

fT

FIFTH CLASS — continued.

Assistant Clerk of the Spicery and Chandlery

Porter -

Two yeomen of the Confectionary -

Groom....

Gentleman of the Ewry -Yeoman -

Assistant -

Collector and Deliverer of Coarse Linen -Controller of the Kitchen -

First Clerk....

Under Clerk -

Second Ditto....

'shird Ditto -

Youngest Ditto -Two Porters in the Kitchen -First Master Cook -Second Ditto

Three Yeomen of the Mouth -

Four Grooms -

Four Children -

Two Master Scowerers -

Four Assistants -

Two Under Scowerers -

Two Soil Carriers -

Two Doorkeepers -

Six Turn broaches - - - .

Deliverer of Greens -

Keeper and Deliverer of Butter and Eggs

Keeper of the Coffee Room - -

Yeoman of the Silver Scullery -

Groom - - - .

Six Assistants....

Whitener -

Two Pankeepers -

Assistant Scowerer in Pewter Scullery Under Pewter Scowerer -

Clerk of the Coal Yard -

CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended

Annual Charge. r 5th July 1783. loth October 1783. 5 January 1784.: 1 5th April 1784. in the Year ended 5th April 1784. Increase.

£. s. d. £. s, d. c s. d. £ s. d £ s. d; £ * d. £- d.

m too 25 25 . — — 35 — — 25 — 100

QO 16 15 — 10 J5 — 10 15 — 10 15 — 43 13 — —

100 38 6 8 38 6 8 38 6 8 ’ 38 6- 8 153 6 8 53 6 8

40 — ‘ — 16 13 4 l6 13 4 16 13 4 16 13 4 66 13 4 26 13 4

200 65 65 — — 65 - — — 65 260 60

JOO 30 30 — — 30 , — — 30 — 120 20

40 — — 18 5 — 18 5 — 18 5 — 18 5 — 73 33 — —

2 12 6 2 12 6 2 12 6 2 12 6 10 10 — 10 io —

300 75 75 — — 75 — — 75 — 300

250 87 10 — 87 10 — 87 10 — 87 10 — 350 100 — —

15O 37 10 — 5o 16 6 50 — — 50 — — 188 6 6 38 6 6

m 65 26 5 — 26 5 — 26 5 — 26 5 — 105 _ — 40 —

65 .23 15 — 23 15 — 23 15 — - 23 15 — 95 30 — —

18 13 6 21 5 — 21 5 — 21 5 — 82 8 6 00 10 00

60 21 10 — 21 10 — 21 10 — 21 10 — 86 26

_ 237 10 — 59 7 6 59 7 6 59 7 6 59 7 6 237 10 —

_ 217 10 — 54 7 6 54 7 6 54 7 6 54 7 6 217 10 —

_ '390 112 10 — 112 10 — 112 10 — 112 10 — 450 60

_ 400 H5 v U5 T — — "5 — — 115 — — - 460 60

360 100 — - — 100 — — 100 — — 160 — — 400 —; — 40

_ j6o — — .49 — — 40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 160

_ 120 48 48 — — 48 — — . 48 — ,92 72

- 60 24 — — 24 — — 24 — — 24 — — 96 36 — —

50 io 1.5 — 10 15 — 10 15 — 21 10 — 53 15 — 315 —

_ 60 21 10 — 21 10 — 21 10 — 21 10 — 86 26

- 180 64 10 — 64 10 — 64 10 — 64 10 — 258 78 - —

- 85 21 5 — 21 5 — 21 5 — 21 5 — 85

- 85 21 5 — 21 5 — 21 5 — 21 5 — 85

- 65 26 5 — 26 5 — 26 5 — 26 5 — 105 40

- 70 34 34 — — 34 — — 34 — . — 136 66

- 60 — — 20 20 — — 20 — — 20 80 20

- 180 — — 64! 10 — 64 10 — 6410 — 64 10 — 258 — — 78

- 30 — — 10 15 — io 15 — 10 15 — 10 15 — 43 13

- 60 21 10 — 21 10 — 21 10 — 21 10 — 86 26

- 30 10 15 — 10 15 — 10 15 — 10 15 — 43 13

- 30 10 15 — 10 15 — 7 5 9 10 15 — 39 10 9 9 10 ' 9

- 170 57 — 57 10 57 10 57 JO — 230 60

Decrease.

Ul

9n

00

o

g

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

OQ

?r

50

Yeoman 120 30

Six Coal Porters - - - . 240 60

Yeoman of the Almonry - 50 12 10 —

Groom 40 10

Cartaker - -- -- - 50 12 10 —

Serjeant Porter ----- 120 30

Four Yeomen Porters ---- 240 6o

Three Grooms ----- 150 37 10 —

Porter at the Queen’s House 60 17 10 —

Two Assistant Porters and Sweeper 55 27 10 —

Watchman at the Queen’s House - 13 13 —

Knight Marshal - - - 26 6 10 —

Six Marshal Men ---- 120 30

Coroner of the Verge ---- 30 7 10 —

Clerk ----- 30 7 10 —

Table Decker to the Maids of Honour - 50 12 10 —

Ditto - - to the Chaplains - - - 50 12 10 —

Watchman at St. Jameses - 45 7 6 11 6 io£

Lighting Fires in the Yeoman of the Guards Room, at St. James’s and Carlton House - 40 10

Making Fires in the Presence Chamber - 9 '2 6 2 5 7r

Sweeping and cleaning the Household Offices, and carrying away the Soil - 27 7 6 6 t6 to£

Sweeping Staircases, providing Wheelbarrows, carrying away the Soil of the Kitchens, &c. &c. - 49 12 6 12 8 1|

Keeper of the Park Gate at Kensington - 27 ,6 15 —

Bellringer at Ditto ---- as 6 5-

Watchman at Ditto ---- t8 5 — 4 n 3

Cock and Cryer in Scotland Yard - - - - 18 5 — 4 11 3

Turner of the Pastry - - - 30 io 15 —

Keeper of the Ice Houses 40 10

Pages of the Bed Chamber, in lieu of Diet, Wine, Firing, and all Necessaries - 91

Physician to His Majesty’s Household - - 45 10 —

Chaplain to the French Chapel, for providing Wine, Bread, and Candles, for the Communion 5 3 —

Dutch Chaplain for Ditto - - ’ - 2 .3 —

Confessor of His Majesty’s Household, in lieu of Beer and Firing ----- 3

Necessary Woman to the QueenVState Apartments - - 411 —

Ten poor Servants, in lieu of Bread and Beer - - . ' 22 15 —

Auditor of the Exchequer, for directing Orders for Payment, and in lieu of Fees - . 12 10 —

Clerk of the Pells, in lieu of Fees - ... 5 — —

Bringing Butter and Cream from Richmond

6o-----

12 10 —

10-----

12 10 —

30-----

6o-----

37 io —

17 10 —

27 TO ---

13 13 9

6 10 —

30-----

7 to — 7 10 —

12 TO — 12 10 — 11 6 rof

10-----

2 5 71

6 16 lof

12 8 if 6 15 — 65 — 4 it 3 4 ii 3 10 15 — 10-----

91 5 —

45 12 6

5 3 —

23 —

3-----

4H3

22 16 3

12 10 —

5 — — 30 10 11

30 — — " 30 — — 1 120 — —

60 — — 60 — — 240 — —

12 10 — 12 10 — 50 — —

10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

12 10 — 12 10 — 50 — —

30 — -r — 3» — — 120 — —

60 — — 60 — — 240 — —

37 10 — 37 10 — 150 — —

17 10 — .17 10 — 70 — —

27 10 — 27 10 — no — —

13 13 9 ’3 13 9 54 14 3

6 10 — 6 10 — 26 — —

30 — — 30 — — 120 — —

7 ro — 7 ro — 30 —

7 10 — 7 10 — 30 — —

12 IQ — 12 10 — 50 — —

12 10 — 12 10 — 50 — —

11 6 I’Of 11 6 w>* 45 7 6

10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

2 5 7f 2 5 7i 9 2 6

6 16 io| 6 r6 io£ 27 7 6

12 8 ii 12 8 if 49 12 6

6 *5 — 6 *5 — 27 — —

6 5 — 6 5 — 25 — — ,

4 n 3 4 n 3 18 5 —

4 11 3 4 11 3 18 5 —

10 15 — TO 15 — 43 — —

10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

91 5 — 91 5 — 364 15 —

45 12 6 45 12 6 182 7 6

5 3 — 5 3 — 20 12 —

2 3 — 2 3 — 8 12 —

3 — — 3 — < 12 —

4 11 3 4 11 3 18 4 9

22 16 3 22 16 3 9l 3 9

12 10 — 12 TO — , 50 — —

5 — — 5 — —: 20 — —

10 — — 10 ~ 50 10 11

u

10----

55-----

54 14 3

364 15 — 182 7 6

20 12 — 8 12 —

12-----

18 4 9 9i 3 9

50 — —

20-----

50 10 11

24 Geo. III.

g

cq'

r4

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

o

o

rT

FIFTH CLASS — conikied.

at Newmarket

Servants of the Household Paymaster of the Household -

Necessaries from the Household -MadeIJe Moula> in lieu of Diet Mrs. Chevcly, D° -Miss Nevitiy D° -

Miss Plant a, D*....

Mr. Bruyera, in lieu of a Supper -

Mr. Farhitl, D° - - - - -; -

Mr. Fisher, D° "

Six Maids of Honour, D° £ 70 each One Bedchamber Woman, 1)° -

Four D® - D°/. 35 each -

Necessary Woman to the Queens Private Apartment Queen’s Pages Man -

Assistant to the Wardrobe Keeper to the Queen Porter to the Queen’s Back Stairs - -

Necessary Woman to the Queen s State Apartment Two Pages of the Presence to the Queen -One D° - - - to the King -

James Meredith, in lieu of Lodgings -

One Gentleman Usher, Daily Waiter to the King,

£.10 a Month - ....

One D° - - - - to the Queen,

£. 10 a Month -

Two Quarter Waiters to the King, £. 10 a Month for 6 Months, and £. 20 a Month for the other 6 Months -

To D Arrears ordered by the Treasury, for 14 Months, from 5th July 1782 to October 1783 -

One Quarter Waiter to the Queen, ^.ioa Month

Estimated Annual Charge. CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended Total* Charge in the Year ended 5th AJ>ril 1784. l . Increase. Decrease.

r 5th July 1783, 10th October 1783. 5th January 1784. V 5th April 1784.

£ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d. £ d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

>e 30 30 — 30

)r 13 n 6 13 11 .6 13 11 6

50 — — - 50 50

11 112 10 — 112 10 — 112 10 — 112 10 — 450 450

200 200 200 — 200 — 800 800

- - - 55 55 1 55 55 - — 220 220

- 53 15 — 53 15 — 53 15 — 5315 — 215 215

12 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 — 1210 — 59 — — 50

12 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 — 1210 — 5.0 50

- 15 15 15 15 — — 60 60

15 15 15 15 — 60 60

15 15 15 15 — - 60 60

- - 105 105 105 105 — — 420 420

- 17 10 — 17 10 — 17 10 — 1710 — 70 70

- - - - 35 35 35 35 — 140 140

184 — 18 5 — 18 5 — 18 5 — 72 19 — 72 19 "

- 9 2 — 926 9 2 6 926 36 9 6 36 9 6

— 1176 11 8i| 11 8 if 11 8 if 45 11 iof 45 11 iof

- - 9 2 — 926 926 92 6 36 9 6 36 9 6

— — — 13 13 — *3 13 9 13 13 9 13 13 9 54 14 3 54 14 3

— — — 27 6 — 27 7 6 27 7 6. 27 7 6 109 8 6 109 8 6

— — 13 13 — *3 13 9 13 13 9 13 13 9 54 14 3 54 14 3

5 5 5 15 15 ——

- 30 30 30 30 120 120

- 30 — — 30 30 30 — — 120 — — 120

30 30 60 — — 1 I S i8d 180

140 - 140 140

30 30 39 1 30 — rib' 120 — — r

OO

s?

Co

g

CQ!

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

r^:

Assistant to the Gentlemen Ushers -5? One Equerry to the King, ^.ioa Month £ One Ditto to the Queen, D° -

One Gentleman Usher of the Privy Chamber to the

P ‘ King, D°....

One Ditto to the Queen, D°....

One Groom of the Privy-Chamber to the King, 10 a Month -

One Page of Honour to the Queen, D° -One Exon of the Yeoman of the Guard, D*

Four Pages of the Back Stairs to the Queen - .

Laundress to the Queen -

Four Clerks of the Signet -

Four Clerks of the Privy Seal -

Quarterly Bounties -

Dean of the Chapel at St James’s -Sub Dean -

Two Organists -

Two Composers - -

Twenty-six Gentlemen

Violist -

Keeping and teaching i o Children of the Chapel

An Allowance to the same

Serjeant of the Vestry -

Yeoman and Groom -

Chapel Closet Keeper -Sub Almoner

Confessor -

Organ Blower - -

Bell Ringer - -

Clerk of the Closet -

Two Chaplains at Whitehall -

Two Yeomen - -

Three Chaplains at the French Chapel

One Reader -

Sexton - -

Two Chaplains at the Dutch Chapel -

One Reader -

Two Chaplains at the Lutheran Chapel -Closet Keeper - -

Cleaning the Chapel....

Closet Keeper at the Chapel Royal, for Prayer Books, >ri Bibles, Surplices, and washing them, with all

? Necessaries -

H

10 — —

30 — —

30 — ~ —

30 —

30 — —

30 — —

30 — —

30 — —

100 — —

25 — —

30 — —

30 — —

342 5 —

50 — —

22 16 3

36 10

36 10 —

474 1 n 10 —

70 7 6

20 — —

18 5 — i

26 11 10{

10 7 6

24 7 11

9 tr 2 6

0 3 16

1 14 6

40 — —

25 — —

ISO — —

10 —

3 15 —

80 — —

7 10 —

100 < — —

15 4 — —

12 10

10

30

30

30

30

30

30

30

100

25 30 30

5o

22

36

36

474

10

7»

20

t8

26 10

24 9 5 3 1

4o

25

120

10

3

80

7

100

15

4

12

- _ 9 10 _ 10 — — 40 — — 40 — —

— — 30 — — . 30 — — 120 — — 120 — —

— — 30 — — 30 — — 120 120 1

30 - , 30 — — 120 — — 120 — —

— — 30 — — 30 — — 120 _ 120 _ —

__ 30 30 — — 120 — — 120 — —

— — 30 — — 30 — — 120 — — 120 — —

— — 30 — — 1 30 — — 120 — — 120 — —

_ - - 100 — — 100 — — 400 — — 400 — —

— — 25 — — 25 — — 100 — — 100 — —

— — 30 — — 30 — — 120 — — 120 —

3° _ 30 — — 120 — — 120 — —

_ - -; 342 5 — 342 5 —

— — 50 — — 50 — — i 200 — — 200 — —

16 3 22 16 3 22 l6 3 ! 9* 5 — 5 —

10 36 10; 36 10 146 — — 146 — —

10 36 10 — 36 10 — 146 — — 146 — —

10 — 474 10 — 474 10 — 1*898 — — 1,898 —

JO f 1 10 — . — 40 — — 40 — _ —

7 6 70 7 6 70 7 6 281 10 ' — 281 10

20 — 20 — — 80 — — 80 — —

5 — 4 18 5 1 X ! 18 5 — 4 73 — 2 73 — 2

11 104 26 11 lof; 26 11 iof 106 7 6 106 7 6

7 6 10 7 6 10 7 6 41 10 — 41 10 — i

7 11 24 7 11 24 7 11 97 11 8 97 11 8:

2 6 9 2 6 9 2 6 36 10 — 36 10 —

.. 5 — 5 — — 20 — — 20 — — *

16 J4 3 1 40 16 14 z X 6 3; 1 ' 40 16 14 1 1 Hjw 15 6 160 4 18 2 15 6 160 4 18 2

25 25 — . 100 — — 100 — — ?

- 12a: 120 — — 480 — — 480 — — 1

10 , 10 — — 40 — —: 40 — — !

15 . 3 15 — 3 15 — 15 — — i 15 — - —

80 — , 80 — — 320 — — 320 — —

10 ., , 7 10 — 7 10 — 3° — — 30 — — i

100 100 — — 400 — - — 400 — —

1 1 — 15 4 — — »5 4 — — 60 16 — — 60 16 — — 1

10 — 12 10 — 12 10 — 5® — — 50 — — ,

a

va

FIFTH CLASS — continued. Estimated Annual Charge.

r 5th Jufy 1793.

£ s. d. £ -s. d.

Serjeant - - 15

Serjeant at Whitehall -- ---- - - 12 . 5 6

Master of the Robes - 800 200

Groom of D° 120 .30

Clerk of D® - - - . 80 20

Messenger of D® - - 60 1.5

Furrier of D° 20 5

The Master of the Horse " 1,206 13 4 316 13 4

Clerk Martial ----- 60 15

First Equerry ----- 500 — — 125

Four Equerries 1,200 300

Four Pages of Honour - - - 1,040 — — 260

Clerk of the Stable, for himself and Assistants - 350 87 jo — -

Equerry of the Crown Stable - - - -First Yeoman Rider ----- 200 — 50

18 6 — — 46 10 —

Second Ditto - 13° 32 xo —

Store Keeper 93 23 5 —

Mews Keeper 36 — — 9

Stable Keeper at Hampton Court - 36 — 9

D® at Kensington - - - 36 —

D® - - at Newmarket - Sixteen Footmen, including Four for the Master of 25 - — 6~5-

the Horse - 848 212

Body Coachman - - - Six Coachmen, including One for the Master of the 83 -~ 20 15 —

Horse - - - 390 97 10 —

Chaiseman - - 40 10

Postchaiseman ----- Seven Postillions, including One for the Master of 40 10

the Horse 210 52 10 —

Seven Helpers, D° ---- - Eighteen Grooms, including Six for the Master of 210 52 10 —

the Horse 1,090 272 10 —

Four Chairmen - - - - . 168 42 —

Page of the Back Stairs - - 31 7 15 —

Stud Keeper ----- 40 — — 10

CHARGE in Are QUARTERS ended - Total Charge in the Year ended 5th April 1^84. Increase. Decrease.

10th October 1783. 5th January 1784. A 5th April 1784.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d. £: *. d. £. d.

15 15 15 60 60

12 5 6 12 5 6 12 5 6 49 2 — 49 2 —

200 200 200 800

30 30 - — 30 120 - .

20 20 20 80

15 15 15 60

5 5 5: ' 20

3l6 *3 4 3j6 »3 4 316 13 4 1,266 13 4

15 15 15 ~ — 60

125 125 125 500

300 300 300 1,200

260 260 260 1,040

87 10 — 87 10 — 87 10 — 350 — —

50 50 50 200

46 10 — 46 10 — 46 10 — 186

32 10 — 32 10 — 32 10 130

23 5 — 23 5 — 23 5 — 93

9 — ~ 9 9 36 *

9 9 9 36

9 6 5 - 65 — 65 — 30 25

212 212 212 848 -

20 15 — 20 15 — 20 15 — 83

97 10 — 97 10 — 97 10 — 390

10 10 10 40

10 10 10 40

52 10 — 52 10 — 52 10 — 210

53 10 — 52 10 — 53 10 — 210 — —

272 10 — 372 10 — 272 10 — 1,090

42 42 42 168

7 15 — 7 15 — 7 15 — 31

JO 10 JO 40

Q

ai° Julii. 1784.

Vol. 40.

Three Stud Grooms -

Three Stud Helpers *-Two Assistant Riders -Mews Keeper at Windsor

Watchman at the Mews

162 12 120 — 80 —

27 6.

26 —

Pumper at the Mews -

Two Porters at the Mews

Messenger -

Heater of V» ater for the Horses

Office Keeper -

Door Keeper of the Great Stables -

Master of the Hounds -

Huntsman -

Six Yeomen Prickers -

Bye Helpers - -

Extraordinary Helpers -

23 8 43 —

25 — 25 — 25 —

23 8 2,300 — 100 — 624 —

4*

in

Allowances to Superannuated Servants:

Extra Rider ....

Yeoman Rider -

Coachman - -

Three Grooms, at £. 25 per Annum each - .

Pootman -

Two Chairmen, at £. 20 per Annum each Chaiseman -

Three Helpers and Postillions, at £ 20 per Annum each Two Ditto - - - - £. 15 each

Door Keeper....

Three Grooms Children, £. r8, £. 15, and £ 10 *-

Sadler’s Man ....

Milliner

Pive Widows of Livery Servants, £.20 each Nine Ditto 15 each -

Ten Ditto -.....£. 15 each -

Four Ditto - - - - £.12 each John Ingram's Funeral Expence -Itichard Pitches -

Ann Ingram -

Elizabeth M‘Gregor's Funeral Expence -

72----

70 — —

30----

75----

25----

40----

20----

60----

30 -

20----

43----

io----

10 .10 —

100----

135----

48----

40 13 — 40 13 — 40 13 — 4013 — 162 12 —

30 — — 30 30 30 — 120

20 20 20 20 — 80

6 16 6 616 6 e 16 6 616 6 27 6 —

6 10 — 6 10 — 6 10 — 6 10 — 26

5 17 — 5 17 — 5 17 — 5 17 — 23, 8 —

10 15 — 10 15 — 10 15 — 10 15 — 43.

6 5 — 65 — 6 5 - 65 — 25

6 5 — 65 — 65 — 65 — 25.

6 5 - 65 — 65 — 65 — 25.

5 17 — 5 17 — 5 J7 — 5 *7 — 23 8 —

575 575 575 575 — — 2,300 — —

25 25 25 25 100

156 156 193 10 — 193 10 — 699 75

113 2 — 118 19 — 118 19 — 118 19 — 469. *9 — 469 19 _

25 14 3 3i 3 — 24 17 9 36 3 7 11718 7 117 18 7

18 18 1-8 18 1 72

17 10 — 17 10 — 17 10 — 17 10 — 70

7 10 — 7 10 — 7 10 — 7 10 — 30

18 15 — 18 1.5 — 18 15 — 18 15 — .75

6 5- 65 — 65 — 65 — 25

10 £ 10 tz ___ 10 r- 10 40 1 r

0 15 — — 5 >5 5 15 15 60 5

7 10 — 7 10 — 7 10 — 7 10 — 30 — —

20

1015 — 10 15 — 10 15 — 10 15 — 43

210 — 2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 — 10

2 12 6 2126 2 12 ;6 2 12 6 10 10 —

25 25 25 25 100 1 1 ri

37 10 — 37 10 — 37 10 — 37 10 — 150 —

12 12 12 - - 12 48 — R - -

- 5 7 10 ~ 5 5 ~ 710 — . 5 — 5 — 5 710 — 5 5 -

23,095 >6 i| 22,872 — 2 23,02510 9 22,379 7 10 91,372 14 10f 4,558 — 41 808 8 6

1

HH

24 Geo. IIL 21

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

rT

SIXTH CLASS:

The Pension Lists - - - " _ *

Compensations to sundry Persons, whose Offices have been suppressed, &c. ....

SEVENTH CLASS:

Salaries of all other Places payable out of the" Civil List Revenues.

Sir John Hynde Cotton -Vicar of the Tower ... Poor of St. Botolph, Aldgate -D - of St John Baptist Schoolmaster of Southwell University of Oxford, for a Preacher University of Cambridge Ditto - - - - for a Preacher

Dean and Chapter of Litchfield Poor of St. Michael, Cornhill Professor of Divinity at Oxford Ditto - - - - at Cambridge -Vicar of Litchfield -

Emanuel College, Cambridge -Poor of St Magnus -

Master of the Temple -Professor of Law at Cambridge D° - - of Physic D° -D° - - of Law at Oxford -D° - - of Physic D° -

Estimated Annual Charge. CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended Total Charge in the Year ended 5th April 1784. Increase. Decrease.

r 5 th July 1783. 10th October 1783. 5th January 1784. 5th April > 1784.

£ s. d. £ i. d. £ s. d. £. d. £ s. d. £ d. £ d. £ s. d.

121,89815 4 30,350 4 2| 29,927 17 3i 29,723 6 1 28,990 411* 118,891 12 7 - 3,007 2 9

14,390 — — '3,504 7 11 i 3,512 7 11 i 3,609 13 91 3,525 1 3* 14,151 10 11 - 238 9 1

136,28815 4 33,754 12 2 33,440 5 3 33,332 19 10 i 32,515 6 2 i 133,043 3 6 - 3,245 11 10

£ s. d. £ s. d. s. d. £. d. £ s. d. £ Si. d. £ s. d.

i 1 4 1 6 8 1 6 8 1 6 8 i 6 8 5-6 8 4 5 4

6 13 4 1 13 4 1 J3 4 1 13 4 1 13 4 6 13 4

7 — — 1 15 — 1 15 — 1 15 — 1 15 — 7

7 13 4 1 18 4 1 18 4 1 18 4 i l* 4 7 13 4

10 — — 2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 —: to —

10 — — 2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 — 10

10 — — 2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 — 10

10 — — 2 10 — 2 10 — 2 lO — 2 10 — llO

10 — — 2 10 — 2 10 — 2 IO —; 2 10 — 10

12 4 — 3 1 — 3 1 — 3 1 —; 3 l — 12 4 —

13 6 8 3 6 8 3 6 8 3 6 8 3 6 8 13 6 8 -

13 6 8 3 6 8 3 6 8 3 6 8 l 3, 6 8; 13 6 8

15 — — 3 »5 — 3 15 — 3 15 — 3 15 — 15 r

16 13 4 4 3 4 4 3 4 434: 4; 3 4 16 13 4

21 4 8 5 6 2 5 6 2 562 ! 5 6 2 21 4 8

37 6 8 9 6 8 9 6 8 968 9 6 8 37 6 8

40 — — 10 — 10 — — 10 r VO — 40

40 — — 10 — 10 — — 10 1C — — 40

40 — — 10 — 10 — — 10 10 — 40

40 — *"~ 10: 10 1 10 10 "1 40 - *

o

ao

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

in

w

w

a;

H

W

Corporation of Dartmouth - - - *

Preacher at Hampton Court - - -

Fellows of Eton College.

Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher

Ministers of the Savoy -

Ministers of the Isle of Man -

Professor of Botany at Cambridge ' - *

Corporation of Lyme Ptegis -

Heirs of Col. Fairfax -

]) - of Nicholas Yales ..

Corporation of Berwick ..

Bishop of Chester, for Preachers -Professor of Astronomy Treasurer of Christ’s Hospital *

Professor of History at Oxford *-

D* ----- at Cambridge

Chancellor of the Garter *

One of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State

Another - - -. -

President of the Council -

Keeper of the Privy Seal -

Governor of Windsor Castle -

Constable of Dover Castle - .

Eleven Masters in Chancery, £. 100 each

Chief Justice in Eyre North of Trent

D° - - - - South of Trent

Attorney General -

Solicitor General -

Advocate General -

King’s Counsel - -

King’s Prime Serjeant

Attorney General attending late Board erf Trade Solicitor General, Ditto - -

Clerks of the Council, Ditto - - '

Keepers of the Council Chamber, Ditto -Four Clerks of the Council - -

Keepers of the Council Chamber -Master of the Ceremonies, in lieu of Bills Ditto ---- on his Allowance -

Assistant Master -

Marshal of Ditto -

Genealogist of the Order of the Bath Bath King at Arms -

Secretary to Ditto - - -, .

40 — — 10 — —

40 10

42 10 10 —

50 12 lO —

60 15

lOO — — 25

1QO 25

100 25

100 25

100 25

100 25

200 50

320 80

370 10 — 92 12 6

400 — — 100

400 100

570 5 — 142 11 3

5,933 1,420

5,933 — — 1,420

4,000 — — 1,000

3,000 748 15 —

182 10 — 45 10 —

4,100 — — 1,025

1,100 275

1,666 13 4 416 13 4

3,466 13 4 866 13 4

81 6 8 20 6 8

7o — — 1.7 10 —

20 5

520 113 19 ij

41 6 10 10 6 81

115 10 — 28 17 61

115 10 — 28 17 6

400 100 *-

73 18 5 —

1,000 250

91 5 — 22 15 —

100 25 — —

200 50, —

121 13 6 30 6 8

100 — — 25

100 25

90 22 io% —

90 22 10 — .

10----

10 lo --

12 10 — 15 — —

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

50-----

8o-----

02 12 6

100-----

100-----

142 11 3

1.420 -

1.420 -

1,000-----

778 15 —

48 10 —

1,025-----

275-----

416 13 4

866 13 4 20 6 8

17 10 —

5----

110-----

10 6 81

28 17 -6 28 17 6 100-----

18 5 —

250-----

24 5 —

25 -

50-----

32 6 8-

25-----

25 — — 22 10 — 22 10 —

10-----

10-----

10 10 — 12 10 —

15-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

50-----

80-----

02 12 6

100-----

100-----

142 11 3

1,420-----

1,42®-----

1,000-----

728 15 — 43 10 —

1,025-----

275 -

416 13 4 866 13 4

20 6 8

17 10 —

5-----

110-----

10 6 81

28 17 6

28 17 6

100 -

18 5 ~

250-----

21 15 —

25-----

50-----

29 -

25-----

25-----

22 10 — 22 10 —

IQ----

10-----

10 19 — 12 10 —

15 — —

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25 — —

25-----

50 — —

80-----

92 12 6

100-----

100-----

142 11 3

1.420 -

1.420 -

1,000 -

748 15 —

45 10 —

1,025-----

275 -

416 13 4 866 13 4 20 6 8

17 10 —

5-----

110-----

10 6 8j 28 17 6 28 17 6 100-----

18 5 —

250-----

22 15 —

25-----

50-----

30 6 8

25 — — 25 — 22 10 — 22 10 —

40----

40 -

42 — —

50----

60----

100----

ioo----

100----

IOO----

100----

100-----

200 -

320 -

370 10 —

400----

400 — —

570 5 —

5,680'-----

5,680----

4.000 -

3,005----

183----

4.100 -

1.100 -r- —

1,666 13 4 3,466 13 4 81 6 8

70----

20----

443 19 H

41 -6 10 115 10 —

115 10 —

400----

73 — —

1.000 -

01 10 —

100-----

200----

122----

100-----

- 100 — —

so----

90----

5-----

— 10 —

253

253

76

— 10i

u>>

vi

24 Geo. III. Juki.

SEVENTH CLASS — continued.

Register to Bath King at Arms Gentleman Usher of the Order of the Bath Messenger of Ditto -

Garter King at Arms - *

Clarencieux -

Norroy -

Glocester -

Chester Herald -

York....

Windsor

Somerset ——

Lancaster -Richmond -

Brunswick -

Blanc Coursier Portcullis Pursuivant -Rouge Croix -

Rouge Dragon -

Blue Mantle

His Majesty’s Serjeant at Arms Master General of the Ordnance -

Lieutenant General - D*

Surveyor General - - D*

Clerk - ----- D*

Storekeeper - - - D#

Clerk of the Deliveries D*

Treasurer - - - - D#

Warden of Windsor Forest Keeper of the House Park at Hampton Court, £. 62.

per Ann. and 8 d. a Day *

Ranger of Sl James’s and Hyde Parks, £. 1,154- 15 s.

per Ann. and 12 s. 6d. a Day - -

Keener of the House Park at Windsor *

Constable of Dean Forest -

Warden of Waltham Forest -

Riding Forester in New Forest -

Rauger of Richmond Park, 6^. a Day -

Underkeepers

£ s. d.

9° — —

90 — —

40 — —

100 — —

40 — —

40 — —

40 — —

26 13 4

26 13 4

2 6 13 4

26 13 4

26 13 4

26 13 4

26 13 4

26 13 4

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

20 — —

003 15 —

175 18 4

66 13 4

36 10 —

36 10 —

54 15 —

18 5 —

40

>87 9 ni

74 3 4

1,382 17 1,000 — 210 — 270 — 500 109

69

-=}

7 - CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended Total Charge irj the Year ended 5th April 1784. Increase. Decrease.

5th July 1783. 10th October 1783. 5 th January 1784. ' > 5th April 1784.

£ s. £ s. d. £. s. cl. £ s. d. £ d- £. s. d. /. S. d.

22 xo — 22 10 — 22 10 22 10 — 90 A»' u *

22 10 22 10 — 22 10 — 22 lo: — 90

10 10 10 10 40

*5 25 25 25 100

10 10 It) 10 40

10 IO 10 10 40

10 10 — 10 10 40

6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 26 13 4

6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 26 13 4

6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 G 13 4 26 13 4

6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 G >3 4 26 13 4

6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 26 13 4

6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 26 13 4

6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4 26 13 - 4

6 13 4 5 ' 6 13 4 K G 13 4 5 6 13 4 5 1 2ti 13 4 2o

5 — 5 5 — e . , 5 — c 20 OA

5 5 — 5 5 — O 5 J — — 5 20 20

225 \ 6 240 1 6 215 6 6 225 4 6 9°5 17 — 97 18 —

43 19 7 43 19 7 43 19 7 43 19 7 175 *8 4 -

16 13 4 16 13 4 16 13 4 16 13 4 66 13 4

92 — 9 J4 — 8 14 — 92 — 36 12 — — 2 —

92 — 9 H — 8 14 — 92 — . 36 12 — — 2 —

13 13 — 1411 — >3 1 — 13 13 — 54 >8 — — 3 —

411 — 4 17 — 4 7 — 4 n — 18 6 —

xo 10 >0 10 40

146 17 si 146 17 6 146 17 5f 146 17 6 587 9 Hi

18 10 8 18 14 8 >8 8 — 18 10 8 74 4 — 8

345 " 3 349 6 3 343 1 3 345 3 i,383- 1-0 — — 12 6

250 — — 230 250 250 1,000

52 10 — 52 10 — 52 10 — 52 10 — 210

67 10 — 67 10 — 67 10 — 67 >0 — 270

125 — 125 125 >25 — — 500

44 11 — 46 7 — 43 7 — 44 U — 178 16 — — 6 —

&i° Juiii. 4.1784.

g,

eg'1

n'

CD

Q.

CT

O

o

FT

H

Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -

Keeper of the Records in the Tower -

Keeper of the Council Records -

Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -

Keeper of the Records of forfeited Estates -

Keeper of His Majesty’s Libraries -

Housekeeper at Westminster, 6d. a Day -

Keeper of the Lions in the Tower, 12 s. 6 d. a Day -

Keeper of the Tennis Courts, £120 per Ann. and 8d.

a Day -Underkeepers of Cranbume Chace -Ranger of Salcey Forest -22 Clerks of the Treasury, £100 per Ann. each Sorter of Books in the Treasury -

Messengers for carrying Letters

Ranger of Books in the Treasury -

Keeper of the Rooms at Whitehall -

Housekeeper at the Treasury -

One of the Solicitors of the Treasury -

Keeper of the Records in the Tower for 3 Clerks

Chief Clerk in the said Office -

One of the Digesters of Records at Whitehall -

‘Two others -

Knight Harbinger, 20 Marks a Year, and 10$. a Day

Latin Secretary -

Surveyor General of Lands -

Surveyor of Woods -

One of the Auditors of the Imprests -Another -

One of the Auditors of the Land Revenues Another -

Another - -

Master of the Hawks - -

Examiner of Plays -

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod - -

Master of Mechanicks -

Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons

Additional Allowance -

Clerk of the House of Commons -

Messenger to the Press....

Engraver of Seals -

Master of the Revels -

Auditor of the Exchequer, for Attendance in Vacations -

Ditto - - - - on his Fee -

900 — — 225 — —

500 — — 125 — —

500 — — 135 — —

160 — — 40 — —

200 — — 50 — —

300 — — 75 — —

9 2 6 2 5 6

228 2 6 5617 6

132 13 4 33 — 8

20 — — 5 — —

40 — — 10 — —

2,200 — — 550 — —

400 — — 100 — —

300 — — 75 — —

40 — — 10 — —

40 — — 10 — —

40 — — JO — —

200 — — 50 — —

150 — — 37 10 —

200 — — 50 — —

200 — — 50 — —

800 — — 200 — —

195 16 8 48 16 8

200 — — 70 — —

1,000 — — 250 — —

100 — — 25 — —

66 13 4 16 13 4

66 13 4 16 13 4

100 — — 25 — —

400; — 100 — —

300 — — 75 — —

L372 10 — 343 2 6

400 — — 100 — —

200 — — 50 — —

150 — — 37 10 —

200 — — 50 — —

400 — — 100 — —

10 — — 2 10 —

60 — — 15 — —

50 10 . 12 10

200 50 __

260 3 4 65 — 10

225 — — 225 — — 225 — — 900 — — r

125 — — 125 — — 125 — — 500 — —

125 — — 125 — — 125 — — 500 — —

40 — — 40 — — 40 — — 160 — —

50 — — 50 — — 50 — — 200 — —

75 — — 75 — — 75 — — 300 — —

2 8 6 2 3 6 2 5 6 9 3 — — 6

60 12 6 54 7 6 56 T7 6 228 15 — — 12 6

33 4 8 32 18 — 33 — 8 132 4 — - -;

5 — — 5 — — 5 — — 20 — —

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

550 — — 550 — — 550 — — 2,200 — —

100 — — .100 — — 100 — — 400 — —

75 — — 75 — — 75 — — 3°° — —

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 40 _ — —

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

50 — — 50 — — 50 — — 200 — —

37 10 — 37 10 — 37 10 — 150 — —

5o — — 50 — — 5« — — 200 — —

5o — — 50 — — 50 — — 200 — —

200 — — 200: — 200 — — 800 — —

5i 16 8 46 l6 8 48 16 8 196 6 — — 10 —

70 — — 70 — — 70 — — 280 — — 80 — —

250 — — 250 — — 250 — — 1,000 — —

25 — — 25 — — 25 — — 100 — —

16 13 4 16 13 4 16 13 4 .66 13 4

16 13 4 16 13 4 16 13 4 66 13 4

25 — — 25 — — 25 — — 100 — —

100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 4O0 — —

75 — — 75 — — 75 — — 3°o — —

343 2 6 343 2 6 343 2 6 i,372 10 —

100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 400 — —

50 — — 5° — — 50 — — 200 — — -

37 10 — 37 10 — 37 10 — 150 — —

5o — — 50 — — 50 — — 200 — —

100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 400 — —

2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 — 10 — — .

15 — — 15 — — 15 — — 60 — —

12 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 — 5° — —

50 . - 50 — — 50 — 200 — —

65 — 10 65 1 10 65 10 260 1 3 4

uo

4*

cn

24 Geo. III. ai° Julii.

SEVENTH CLASS — continued.

Clerk of the Pells -

Ditto - - - - , "

For Extra Business in the Auditors Office

Register of Loans ....

Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer -. - D° - - - for sorting Records -

- - D° - - - for said Service -

Senior Teller of the Exchequer -

Three others....

Auditors Clerk in the Tally Court -Clerk of the Pells in the Tally Court -Two Chamberlains of the Exchequer -Four Messengers of the Exchequer - -

- - D° - - on their Termly and Vacation Fees -Two Grooms of the Exchequer -

Messenger of the Chamber - -

Porter of the Exchequer -

Clerks of the Exchequer on their Latin Order -

Usher of the Exchequer -

Cursitor Baron in the Court of Exchequer

- - D° - - more - -

Solicitor in the Court of Exchequer -

Clerk of the Pipe -

Controller of the Pipe -

Secondaries in the said Office -

treasurers Remembrancer -

Two Secondaries in the said Office -

Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, for striking

Tallies - -....

Two others, for joining Tallies - -

Secondary in Treasurers Remembrancer’s Office Clerks in said Office -

King s Clerk in the Crown Office -Clerk of Foreign Estreats in the Common Pleas Foreign Apposer in the Exchequer -Clerk of the Nichils -

Estimated

Annual

Charge.

£ s. d. 195 8 4 172 6 8

100 — -

50----

40----

900----

80----

33 6 8

95----

56 10 —

5 -

104 6 8

27 7 4

208----

2----

go 16 8

20----

35----

6 13 4 163 6 8

100----

150----

107 4 2

40----

20----

64 2 1 9-----

20----

10----

26 13 4 115 —

50----

20----

40----

20----

5th July 17*3.

£. S. d

48 I? 1 43 1 8

25 ---- r

12 10 — IO----

225 -

20----

8 6 8

23 15 —

14 2 6

» 5 —

26 1 8

6 16 10

40-----

— 10 — 22 13 4 5----

8 15 —

1 13 4

40 16 8

25 -

37 10 —

26 16 —

10----

5----

16 —

2

6.

5 —

6

2

5-----

2 10 —

13 4 16 3 12 10 —

5-----

10-----

5-----

CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended

10th October 1783. 5th January 1784. "\ 5th April 1784.

s. d. £ d. £ s. d.

48 17 1 48 17 1 48 17 1

43 1 8 43 1 8 43 1 8

25 — 25 — — 25 — —

12 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 . —

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — _

225' — — 225 — — 225 — — .

20 — — 20 — — 20 —

8 6 8 8 6 8 8 6 8

23 15 — 23 15 — 23 15 —

14 2 6 14 2 6 14 2 6

1 5 — 1 5 — 1 5

26 1 8 26 1 8 26 1 8

6 16 JO 6 16 10 6 16 10

40 — — 64 — — 64 — —

10 — — 10 — — 10 —

23 13 4 22 — — 22 13 4

5 — — 5 — — 5

8 15 — 8 15 — 8 15 —

1 13 4 1 13 4 1 13 4

40 16 8 40 16 8 40 16 8

25 — — 25 — — 25 — —

37 10 — 37 10 — 37 10 —

26 16 1 26 16 — 26 16 1

10 — — 10 — — 10 — —

5 — — 5 — — 5

16 — 6t 16 — 6i 16 — 6i

2 5 2 5 — 2 5

5 — — 5 5 ___

2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 —

6 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4

2 16 3 2 16 3 2 16 3

12 10 — 12 10 12 10

5 — — 5 — — 5 — _

10 — — 10 - — — 10 —

5 5 1 — 5 — *

Total Charge in the Year ended 5 th April 1784.

£ s.

195 8 4

172 6 8

100 ——

50-----

40-----

900-----

80-----

33 6 8

95-----

56 10 —

5 -

104 6 8

27 7 4

208-----

2-----

91-----

20-----

35-----

6 13 4

163 6 8

100-----

150-----

107 4 2

40-----

20-----

64 2 1

9-----

20 — - —

10 -

26 13 4

11 5 _

50 — —

20-----

40-----

20 -

Increase.

Decrease.

5. d.

a. d.

"34

2i° Jnlii. 1784.

Seventh

o

O

Clerks in the Pipe Office, payable every Second Year

King’s Remembrancer -

Clerks in the said Office -

Secondaries in Ditto -

Clerk of the Pleas - -

Clerks in the said Office -

Clerk of the Foreign Estreats -

The Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -Usher of the Exchequer, for Pay of Watchmen Officekeeper at the Treasury, for Necessaries, &c. Hanger of Windsor Forest, for Swanimote Courts Keeper of the West Gate, in Hyde Park, for watering the Road - - - ,

Corporation of Lyme Regis, for repairing the Pier Ranger of Hyde Park, for watering the Ring -tinder Clerks of the Council, for attending on Matters of Trade -

Keeper of the Lords Journals, and for House Rent -

£ s. d.

?'o the 27th March 1784 - - 693 2 6^1

rom 27th March to 5th April 1784 . 5 13 io£j

Clerk of the Hanaper, for the Expence of that Office 48 Watermen -

12 Pensionary Ditto -A Person to lift Water at the Treasury -A Person to work the great Engine at Windsor -Keeper of the Swans -24 Preachers at Whitehall, 2 Readers, Organist, Or gan Blower, and Clerk -

Plumber in the Office of the Works -Bricklayer in Ditto -

Keeper of the Engines -

Organ Builder - -

A Person to provide Strings for Musical instruments King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms Office Keeper of the Wardrobe -

34 King’s Messengers -Gatekeepers in Fulham Road -

Messenger of the Wardrobe -Officekeeper and Messenger to the Office of Works Ratkiller -

Ranger of St. James’s Park - -

Clerk of the Check to the King’s Messengers -Clerk of the Wardrobe -

4118

55 17 4

7 13 4

8 -

5----

1 10 — 96 13 4

6,000----

438----

480----

40----

65----

100----

200 -

300 -

710 14 —

2,000 -

150----

37 10 —

10----

30----

30----

750----

38 2 9

38 11 3

40-----

40-----

40 -

41 -

45-----

1,530 -

49 10 —

65-----

72 17 9

.80-----

80----

99 15 — 100 — —

1 2 u

13 >9 4 1184

1 5 —

— 7 6 24 3 4

1,500-----

109 4 —

120-----

10-----

165 —

50-----

75-----

177 13 6

500----

37 10 —

9 7 6

2 10 —

7 10 —

7 io-

187 10 —

9 10 8|

9 9J 10----

10----

10----

10 5 — 115 — 382 10 —

12 7 6 -

16 5 —

18 4 5i

20----

20----

24 18 9

25 -

1 2 11 1 2 11 1 2 11 4 11 S

13 »9 4 13 >9 4 13 19 4 55 17 4

1 18 4 1 18 4 1 18 4 7 13 4

2 — — 2 — 2 — — 8 — —

1 5 — 1 5 — 1 5 — 5 — —

— 7 6 — 7 6 — 7 6 1 10 —

24 3 4 24 3 4 24 3 4 96 13 4

1,500 — — 1,500 — — 1,500 — — 6,000 — —

ll6 8 — 104 8 109 4 — 439 4 —

120 — — 120 — — 120 — — 480 — —

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

16 5 16 5 — 16 5 — 65 — —

- - 100 - 100 — —

50 — — 50 — — 50 — ( ( — 200 — —

75 — — 75 — — "75 — — 300 — —

177 13 6 177 13 6 *65 15 10* 698 16 41

500 — — 500 — — 500 — — 2,000 — —

37 10 — 37 10 — 37 -10 — 150 — —

9 7 6 9 7 6 9 7 6 37 10 —

2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 — 10 — —

7 10 — 7 10 — 7 10 — 30 — —

7 10 — 7 10 — 7 10 — 30

187 10 - 187 10 — 187 10 *"T 750 — —

9 10 8i 9 10 8i 9 10 8* 38 2 9

9 12 9* 9 12 93 9 12 9* 38 11 3

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

10 — — 10 — — 10 — — 40 — —

10 5 — 10 5 — 10 5 — 4i — —

11 5 — 11 5 — 11 5 — 45 — —

382 10 — 382 10 — 382 10 — 1.530 — —

12 7 6 12 7 6 12 7 6 49 10 —

16 5 — 16 5 — ' 16 5 — ' 65 — ‘

18 4 5i 18 4 51 18 4 5t 72 17 9

20 20 — — 20 — — 80 — —

20 — — 20 — — ' 20 — — 80 — —

24 18 9 23 18 9 24 18 9 99 15 —

25 — 25 — — 25 — — ‘ — 100 — —

ii 17 7i

UJ

24 Geo. III. 2i° Julii.

g

CQ

FV

CD

Q-

cr

o

o

o

oo

SEVENTH CLAS§ — -continued.

Poet Laureat -

Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod

Assistant Clerk of the Wardrobe -

Resident Clerk of the Works

Ditto - of the Wardrobe

Mr. Jones, Inspector of the Works

Four Under Secretaries of State

Controller of the Works -

Clerk of the Works for Windsor -

Clockmaker - -

Clerk of the Works for the Tower, &c.

Ditto - - at Hampton Court, &c.

Ditto - - at Sl Jamess.

Ditto - - at the Mews.

Ditto - - at Kew -

Examining Clerk of the Works

Labourers in the Office of the Works Carpenters and Joiners in Ditto Officekeeper to the Lord Chamberlain„

Master of the Barges -

Principal Painter - -

Rent of Passage into Channel Row

Gentlemen of the Chapel, in lieu of 3 Deer

Office Clerk of the Works -

Office Clerk -

Working the Engine at Whitehall -

Turncock at D° -

Turncock at S* James’s -

W or king the Engine at Kensington -

Ranger of Bagshot Rails -

Servant to the Plate and Jewel Office

Clerk of the Common Pleas

4 Working Smiths in Lord Chamberlain’s Offic

3 Upholsterers, and Joiner D°

Master Smith

Master Upholsterer and Joiner

Estimated % Annual Charge., CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended Total Charge in the Year ended 5th April 1784. Increase.

r 5th July 1/83- loth October 1783. 5th January 1784. 5th April 1 784.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ S. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £. s. d £ s. d

« - 100 — — 25 — — 25 — — 25 — — 25 — — 100

- 100 — — 25 —: — 25 — — 25 — — 25 — — 100

- - 103 — — 25 *5 — 25 15 — 25 15 — 25 15 — 103

- 211 — 52 15 — 52 15 — 52 15 — 52 15 — 211

318 — — 79 10 — 79 10 — 79 10 — 79 10 — 3.8

- . - 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 100 — — 400 400

2,000 — — 500 — — 500 — — 500 — — 500 — — 2,000

- - 51° — — 127 10 — 127 10 — 127 10 — 127 10 — 510

- - l80 — 45 — — 45 — — 45 — — 45 — — 180

- - 200 — — 50 — — 50 — — 50 — — 50 — — 200

- - 100 — — 25 — — 25 — — 25 — — 25 — — 100

- , - 200 — — 50 — — 50 — — 50 — — 50 — — 200

- - 200 — — 50 — — 50 — — 50 — — 50 — — 200

- - 220 — — 55 — ' ’ 55 — — 55 — — 55 — — 220

- - 250 — — 62 10 — 62 10 — 62 10 — 62 10 — 250

- - 355 — — 88 15 — 88 15 — 88 15 — 88 15 — 355

- 806 11 4 167 3 9 167 3 9 167 3 9 167 3 9 668 15 — -

- - 15 G 10 3 39 2 39 2 6i 39 2 6i 39 2 6* 156 10 3 -

- - - - 7 10 — 7 10 — 7 10 — 7 10 — 30 30

- - - - 25 — — 25 — — 25 — — 25 — — 100 100

- - - 12 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 — 50 — 50

- - - - — 17 6 — 17 6 — 17 6 — 17 6 3 3 10 —

- - - - 5 — — 5 — — 5 — — 5 — — 20 — 20

- - 60 — — 15 — — 15 — — 15 — — 15 — — 60

- - 60 — — 15 — — 15 — — 15 — — 15 — — 60

- - - - 7 3 9 7 3 9 7 3 9 7 3 0 28 15 — 28 15 —

- - - - 7 11 7 11 6i 7 11 7 11 6* 30 6 3 30 6 3

- - - - 7 3 9 7 3 9 7 3 9 7 3 9 28 15 — 28 15 —

- - - 12 10 — 12 10 — 12 10 . — 12 10 — 50 50

- 5 6 8

- - 17 -

- - 20 —

:e - 218 8 —

- - 163 16 —

- - 110 —

110 — ~ _ i I - - ‘I

Deciease.

00

£ s. d.

137 16 4

5 6 8

17 —

20 — —

218 8 —

163 16 —

110 —

110 —

11° Julii. a j 784

<1

o

p

Messengers attending the Chancellor of the Exchequer -

Plate and Jewel Officer -Deputy Ranger of Windsor Forest -

73-----

350 -

165-----

80,152 8 4f

EIGHTH CLASS:

C^O 0 X H

0 K

FT

The Salaries and Pensions of the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Commissioners of the Treasury -

First Commissioner - -

Chancellor of the Exchequer....

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS:

Equipage to Ministers at Foreign Courts -Extra Extraordinaries to Ditto ..

For the Poor of the City of London 7 -

For the French Protestant Clergy -

Ditto.....Laity -

Ministers of the Vaudois Churches -Sundry Ministers, Schoolmasters, Poor, &c.

Lord Almoner, for Alms, &c. O

Lord Chamberlain, for Gate Alms and Maundy -/ Ministers, to defray the Expence of their Passages to the Plantations - -

To the Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England

To Ditto - -.....in Ireland

For the Relief of certain French Protestants

Presents to Foreign Ministers -

Foreign Secret Service -

Home Secret Service -

Special and Contingent Services -

£. s. d.

8,000----

4,022----

1,800-----

13,822-----

£ s. d.

1.500 -

2.500 -

1,000----

1,718 4 — 6,872 16 —

500 — — 1,345 10 4

1,119 -

40-----

1,700----

goo-----

500-----

500-----

20.000 -

10.000 -

20.000 -

- 73 73 — 350 165

19,691 10 6{ mIh <0 N 00 r* 19,76114 ij 19,699 13 ni 78,988 6 1: 835 10 7 1,999 12 gl

£ s. d. £ d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

2,000 2,000 2,000 2,000 8,000

1,005 10 — 1,005 10 — 1,005 10 — 1,005 10 — - 4,022

450 450 450 45° 1,800

3.455 10 — 3,455 10 — 3,455 10 — 3,45510 — 13,822

£. s. d. £ d. </. £ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d.

3,100 300 3,900 - 7,300 5,800

70 270 70 470 880 - - - 1,620 — —

- - - - - 1,000 1,000

429 11 — 429 11 — 429 11 — 429 11 — 1,718 4 —

1,718 4 — 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 — 1,718 4 — 6,872 16 —

125 125 — — 125 125 500

336 7 7 336 7 7 . 336 7 7 336 7 7 1,345 10 4

369 5 — " 831 15 6 1,209 10 2,410 10 6 1,291 10 6 -

60 40 100 60

850 - - 850 1,700

800 800

125 125 125 125 500

546 1,164 17 - 1,710 17 — 1,210 17 —

5,260 1 — 8,087 2 6 5,259 9 — 8,589 18 2 27,196 10 8 7,196 10 8

1,500 1,500 3,000 - 7,000

10,012 3 6 6,671 2 — 3,166 15 8* 12,1161411 31,966 16 1 11,966 16 if

24 Geo. III. 2i® Julii.

g

(Q

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

0

°£-

7T

EIGHTH CLASS — continued.

Law Charges ....

Riding Charges to Messengers Sheriff’s for Conviction of Felons - -

Ditto - for Over Payments on their Accounts Messengers Bills Rent of the Privy Seal Office -Ditto of the Secretary of State’s Office Chelsea Water Works, for supplying the Treasury ....

Ditto, for Kensington Palace and Gardens Ground Rent of Cumberland House Rent of Mote Park -

Serjeants at Arms to the House of Commons, for Necessaries -

Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons -Chairman of the Session at Westminster, for Dinners -

Expences in Windsor Great Park -Remembrancer of the City of London, for Imposts on Wines -

For carting Deer for the Royal Family to Hunt -

Governor of the Isle of Wight, for Surplusage on his Accounts -

Bailiff of the Tower, for contingent Disbursements - -

Deputy Chamberlains of the Exchequer, and Officers of the Tally Court -

To cancel Exchequer Bills for Payment of the Civil List Debt -

CHARGE in the QUARTERS ended

Estimated Total Charge

Annual r- \ in the Year ended Increase.

Charge. 5th July 1783. 10th October 1783. 5ih January 1784. 5tU April 1784. 5th April 1784.

£ £ s. d. £ s. d. I * d. £ s.. d. £ S' dm £ S. dm

6,600 2,000 - 2,000 2,000 — - — 6,000 — —

2,500 150 631 14 — 176 440 i,397 14 — -

3,800 4,850 1,520 5,380 — — 3,040 14,79° 10,990

2,300 - i»77o 11 3 S7 12 2 25 8 4 1,892 11 9 »

8,000 — — 2,000 2,574 9 — 6,000 4,000 14,574 9 — 6,574 9 —

214 7 — - 107 15 — - 107 15 — 215 10 — 1 3 —

311 5 — " 155 17 6 - 155 17 6 3ii 15 — — 10 —

52 14 — 13 3 6 13 3 6 13 3 6 13 3 6 52 14 —

150 37 10 — 37 10 — 37 10 — 37 10 — 150

316 18 6 - " 316 18 6 316 18 6

323 10 — 323 10 — 323 10 —

900 - 924 11 6 - - - 924 11 6 24 11 6

1,400 - " 1,383 10 — - - 1,383 10 — -

230 - - - 218 8 6 _ 218 8 6 _ — - _

4,000 *44 In 00 c« 1,208 11 31 1,167 1 — i 1,100 10 64 4,691 11 5i 69*

98 14 — — _ _ - - 100 16 — 100 16 — 2 2 —

100 ——

500 - . - - .

400 -

2,000 527 16 — 489 10 — 229 — 12 1,246 18 — -

104,292 18 10 36,095 10 3i,77i 15 31,052 9 a 38,672 7 — I37,592 2 4i 45,8io 1 3i

50,000 12,500 12,500 12,500 — 12,500 50,000

Decrease.

£. s. d.

600-----

1,102 6 —

407 8 3

16 10 — 11 11 6

100----

500----

400----

753 2 —

12,510 17 9

OO

cn

O

210 Juki. A. 1784.

ABSTRACT^ o First Class £ 162,204 8. 12 d. 7 £ 40,551 d. 3 1i £ 48,000 s.

Second Class - - - 33,055 — — 8,237 10 — 8,267 10

Third Class - - - 60,913 11 5 15,051 C i| 16,253 11

Fourth Class - - - - 181,400 — — 45,884 12 10 36,057 6

Fifth Class - - t - 77,623 3 — 23,095 16 i£ 22,872 —

Sixth Class - 136,288 15 4 33,754 12 2 33,440 5

Seventh Class - - 80,152 8 4* 19,691 10 6$ 19,835 7

Eighth Class - - 13.822 — — 3,455 10 — 3,455 10

745,459 10 .8| 189,722 — ni 188,181 11

Occasional Payments - 104,292 18 10 36,095 10 2i 3i,77i 15

To cancel Exchequer Bills for Payment of the Civil List Debt ----- 50,000 — — 12,500 — 12,500 —

£. 899-752 9 6| 238,317 11 2 232,453 6

g

(Q

n'

CT

O f

0 1

0

0*

rT

/ s. £ s. d. £ S. d. £ S. d. £ & d.

— 48,000 — — 48,000 — — 184,551 3 h 37*500 — — 15,153 9 54

— 8,217 10 — 8,182 10 — 32,905 — — - - 150 — —

3i 15,000 8 6i i6,454 4. 6| 62,759 10 6* 9,698 18 54 7,852 19 34

92 39,000 I 8J 38,460 9 8 159,402 11 -i 19,064 3 9 41,061 12 84

2 23,025 10 9 22,379 7 10 91,372 14 104 14,558 — 4i 808 8 6

3 33,332 19 ioi 32,515 6 2i 133,043 3 6 - - 3,245 11 10

6i 19,761 14 ii 19>699 13 iH 78,988 6 i| 835 10 7 i,999 12 94

— 3,455 10 — 3,455 10 — 13,822 — —

1 189,793 14 ni 189,147 2 2| 756,844 9 3 81,656 13 H 70,271 14 74

71 31,052 9 6i 38,672 7 137,592 2 4 i 45,810 1 34 12,510 17 9

— 12,500 — — 12,500 — — 50,000 — —

82 233,346 4 6 240,319 9 2| 944,436 11 7t 127,466 14 5 82,782 12 44

H4

tn

Supply Bill; Hats.

Supply;

Ways and Means.

Oak Bark, &c.

Exporting Hare Skins, &c.

Supply Bi Paper,

352

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Hats made or manufactured in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into the same.

Resolved,\ That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 22° die Julii;

Anno 240 Georgii IUUi Regis, 1784. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for reviving the Duties upon Oak Bark imported into Great Britain> and for extending several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland', was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Ifeign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate dor a limited Time; and for extending several Acts of Parliament relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr, Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins; and for preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom Dutyfree, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second- Time, One by One; and, u[on the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

U. An ingrossed Bill for laying additional Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Rider, for settling Doubts respecting

1784.

the Duties imposed by an Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Rider, for regulating the Removal of Paper from one Mill to another.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Rider, relating to Contracts for Paper made with Public Offices.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third

Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying additional Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards; and for explaining certain Doubts respecting the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in " Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in " lieu thereof."

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Colonial House, by His Majesty’s Command, Trade with

A State of the Allegations and Evidence produced, America, and Opinions of Merchants and other Persons given to the Committee of Council; extracted from their Report of the 31st of May 1784, on His Majesty’s Order of Reference of the 8th of March last, made upon the Representation of the West India Planters and Merchants, purporting to shew the distressed State of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, by the Operation of His Majesty’s Order in Council of the 2d of July 1783, and the Necessity of allowing a free Intercourse between the Sugar Colonies and the United States of America, in American Bottoms.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said State, was read.

And the said Paper was also read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

A STATE of the Allegations and Evidence produced, and Opinions of Merchants and other Persons given, to the Committee of Council; extracted from their Report of the 31st of May 1784, on His Majesty’s Order of Reference of the 8th of March last, made upon the Representation of the West India Planters and Merchants, purporting to shew the distressed State of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, by the Operation of His Majesty’s Order in Council of the 2d of July 1783, and the Necessity of allowing a free Intercourse between the Sugar Colonies and the United States of America, in American Bottoms.

The said Representation contains the Four following Allegations; viz*.

First. — That His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies are at present in so great Distress for Want of a free Intercourse between them and the United States of America, by American Ships, that not a Moment should be lost in granting further Relief.

Second. — That the Supplies derived to the said Sugar Colonies from the Dominions of the said United

States*

21° — 22° Julii.

a4 Geo. III. 22° Julii.

353

States, are in many Instances, and at many Seasons of the Year, not to be had from any other Country, at any Price whatever; and that in many other'Instances such Supplies are not to be had from any other Places, but at Prices wholly ruinous.

Thirds — That the Navigation between the North American Colonies, and His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies, cannot be effectually carried on by British Ships, on Account of the heavy Expence, Uncertainty, and Delay of such circuitous Navigation, beyond that which would attend the direct Navigation in American Ships.

Fourth. — That the Planters in His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies can no otherwise pay for the Supplies received from the Dominions of the said United States, than by the Produce of their Estates; which Produce, in many Instances, does not find any adequate Vent in Great Britain, and if not taken off by the North Americans, would remain a dead Weight upon all the rest of the Produce of the said Sugar Colonies.

PROOFS IN SUPPORT OF THE FIRST ALLEGATION.

In Support of the First Allegation, the Planters and Merchants laid before the Committee, an Address of the Assembly of Jamaica, to the Governor of the said Island, of the 19th November 1783, stating, That in consequence of the Order in Council of 2d July, Staves, Pine Boards, Plank, and Building Timber had been carried to a most exorbitant Price; and that they fiad the justest Reasons to fear, that, after every Exertion they could make, their Produce would perish on their Hands for Want of the requisite Package; and praying, therefore, that the Governor would permit the Importation from the United States of America, in American Bottoms, of the Articles enumerated in His Majesty’s said Order in Council; and also to permit the Produce of the Island to be exported in Return, for the Space of Nine Months: Which Request the Governor had refused to comply with. — They also produced Three Letters from the said Island of Jamaica, complaining, in strong but general Terms, of the Distress of the said Island, in consequence of the Restrictions laid on their Trade with the United States, by the said Order in Council; and they brought Evidence to prove, that Staves had been sold, on the 23d of December last, at £.28 Currency, P. M. in some Parts of the Island; and about £. 40 Currency, P. M. in the North Part of the Island (the general Price in Time of Peace having been from £.10 to £. 12 P. M). — They produced also the Votes of the Assembly of Jamaica, of the 6th of November 1783, to shew that a Message had been sent to the Governor of the said Island, stating, That there were at that Time in the Town of Kingston about 4,300 Barrels of Flour, besides 700 Barrels on Board a Vessel in the Harbour, which was not permitted to be landed; that a, regular adequate Supply of perishable Articles could alone prevent Apprehension of Scarcity; that the Uncertainty of such Supply occasioned the then high Price of Flour; and, that a Renewal of Permission for Importation apppeared to be the only Remedy for the Evil.

They further produced an Address of the Assembly colonial of Antigua to the Govetnor, of the 9th October 1783, Trade witti complaining in strong Tertns of the Restriction laid America, on their Commerce with the United States by the said Order in Council; and stating, That it appeared, from the best Information, that the Provisions then at Market would not ansiver the Consumption of the said Island for more than Two Months; and that the Prices of the said Provisions were risen nearly £.50 per Qent; and praying, that Permission might be given to import the Produce of the United States, and to export the Produce of the said Island, in Vessels belonging to the said States, until His Majesty’s Pleasure should be known, or until a Commercial Treaty should be definitively settled between Great Britain and the said States: Which Request the Governor of Antigua had refused to comply with. — They produced also a Letter, dated 28th of December, from the said Island, stating, in general Terms, that the Negro Provisions and Lumber were at a very high Price, and that the smallest Estates in the said Island must sink under the accumulated Disadvantage they were loaded with, and all others must be lessened ini their Value. — They also produced Evidence to prove,. that upon the Arrival of the Order in Council in the 1 Island of Bai'badoes, Lumber rose instantly from about £. 7 to £. 25 Currency per 1,000 Feet; but had since fallen to about £.12, in consequence of Importation from the Islands which were then in the Possession of the French.

They further alledged, That the Islands which had been conquered by the French had, during the Time they were under the French Government, been provided with Supplies by the Vessels of the United States; and, having been but just surrendered to His Majesty# were not therefore in the same Distress for Want of these Articles as His Majesty’s other Islands.

In Addition to the foregoing Evidence, the Planters and Merchants represented, That in Jamaica the several Articles of Supply were still very near at the War Price, owing to the Uncertainty of procuring the m; and that Accounts had been received from the Leeward Islands of the high Prices of those Articles there; and they alledged, that a great Part of the Supply they had of late received, was brought by Ships carrying on a contraband Trade. — They also produced a Letter from Grenada, dated February 28th 1784, stating, that every Article of Lumber was at a War Price there; and another from Saint Christopher's, of the 4th March 1784, stating, that almost every Article was very high; and another from Tortola, dated 31st March 1784, saying, " At present we cannot buy " a Stave, Hoop, or Board in our Island, and what " we have by us cost Five Joes; when In my Time I " have frequently bought such Lumber at i£ or 2 " Joes per Thousand."

They also transmitted to the Committee, at their Desire, the following Abstract of the Prices Current of Lumber and Provisions at Kingston in Jamaica, as published in the Kingston Gazette, from the 20th of September 1783, to the 20th of March last, both inclusive; and also, an Account of the Prices of the said Articles in Time of Peace,

A Joe is the 36 x. Piece.

You 4<V

4 *

ABSTRACT

u*

4*

A B S T"R ACT of the Current Cash Prices at Kingston in Jamaica; taken from the Royal Gazette, published by Authority.

Big*

e EL o 3. <* a

5 18L

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

Staves, per Hundred. Boards, per Plank, per 1,000 Feet. Shingles.

f V \ i t >

Flour per Barrel of 196 lb. White Oak. Red Oak. Common. Cedar. Cypress. Yellow Pine. Pitch Pine Scantling, per 1,000 F1. Boston. Cedar. Wood Hoops.

' 1783- September 20th — /Proclamation [ published. £s. 3 10 to 4 — £ 12 to 15 £ 13 — £ 10 £ 30 - - - £15 — £$to 2 15 £ s.- 5 10 £- 10

October 18th - — 6 15 to 7 — 35 20 — 18 to 20 35 to 40 28 — 35 — 30 — 3 15 7 10 k 10

November 8 — 3 5 to 3 15 35 25 — 18 to 20 35 to 40 28 — 2.5 — 30 — 3 15 7 10 10

1784. January 31 -: — 1 15 to 2 5 25 16 — 10 tO 12 35 to 40 12 — 12 — t5 — 2 — 5 — 10

February 21 - — 1 »5 25 16 — 10 tO 12 35 to 40 12 — 12 — 15 — c — 5 — 10

28 — . 1 *5 25 16 — 10 tO 12 35 ‘0 40 12 — 12 — >5 — 2 — 5 — 10

March 20 - — 1 15 15 12 — 12 tO 15 35 to 40 12 — 14 — 18 — 2 10 5 — 18

N. B. The Common Peace"! Prices are about J I £ S’ £ s. 1 5 to 2 5 £ £ 10 to 12 £’ £ 8 to 10 5 to 10 - 6 to 12 6 to 12 8 to 12 2 5 2 15 to 3 10 to

a

o

OD

a4 Geo. III. 2 20 Julii. $5£

And in the Letter of the Chairman, transmitting Seventy-five British Vessels navigated according to Colonial this Account, it is said, " That Provisions of all Kinds Law (the Names of which are inserted in the Appen* Trade with M are of so perishable a Nature in the West Indies, and dix* N* 1) had arrived at Kingston, with Cargoes of Amcnca*

" the Consumption both of Provisions and Lumber Liimbfcr and Provisions; all which Vessels, exteptabout " so immense* that, unless the authorized Channels of Ten, came from the Ports of the United States — That " Supply are opened, the clandestine ones are not to be these Ships brought to Kingston 18*000 Barrels of Flour,

" relied upon as sufficient to protect the Islands from 5^,050 Staves and Heading, 796,253 Feet.of Boards,

4 being again reduced to Distress, in the Course of a Scantling, ti$c. and 1.450,790 Shingles* — And it was u very few Weeks*" observed, that the Quantity of Flour before-mentioned*

viz. 18,000 Barrels, is according to what was imported in the Year 1773, equal to the Consumption of the proofs £ contra, to the fxrst ALtEGATiOft. Island for Nine Months.

Letters of various Correspondents, laid before the In Opposition to the Facts and Observations before Committee, positively assert, that the Island was in stated, particularly in what regards the present State no Distress for Want of any of the Articles before* of the Island of Jamaica, there Was Evidence laid before mentioned. — One, dated the ioth of January last, the Committee, to the following Effect. says, " We are almost as well supplied already as be-

That from the Return made of the Imports into the " fore the Disturbance took place, and a few more several Ports of the Island, previous to the Month of " Vessels will make every Thing very reasonable." — November 1783, the Apprehensions of Want In the Another, dated the 18th January, enclosing an Ac-Articles of Lumber, 8gc. by no Means warranted the count of Prices Current, says, " We have received positive and strong Assertions contained in the'Address ample Supplies for this Crop; the Prices are nearly of the Assembly of Jamaica to the Governor of that " as reasonable as they were sold at this Market be*

Island* And that the Governor of Jamaica had made fore the War." — Another, dated Kingston, the and-early and repeated Applications to the Governors of February, says, u Never was this Market so over-Nova Scotia and Canada, for an immediate Supply of " stocked with Flour as it is at present; Philadelphia such of the Articles as were at that Time wanted in i( Flour can be purchased under 30$. per Barrel, and the Island, but which could not be expected to arrive <c from there being upwards of 20,000 Barrels for. there to answer the then Demand. " Sale in Kingston, good and bad, none are inclined

The Distress which ensued upon the Publication of " to speculate in so dangerous an Article: Two Thirds His Majesty’s aforesaid Order in Council, was stated H must be unfit for Use, before the other Third can be to be principally owing to the Planters not having " used, unless a Foreign Demand takes place* which expected that any Restriction in this Respect would " at present is not likely." — Another, dated Kingston, take place, and having omitted, therefore, to make the 29th of February, says, " Provisions of all Kinds,'

Provision of those several Articles by other Means: For " and every Species of Goods from America, are i& that it is evident from the Abstract of Prices Current, " the utmost Plenty." as before stated, as well as from other Evidence, that

in the Space of about Ten Weeks the Prices of Lurn* There was also laid before the Committee, an ber and Provisions began gradually to fall in the Island Account of Prices Current at Kingston, on the 20th of Jamaica, and continued falling very considerably to of March, as transmitted from thence which is as the 20th of March last. And further, that from the follows:

12th of December to the 17th of March, inclusive,

Prices Current.

Prices Sterling.

ARTICLES:

£. t.

Superfine Philad* Flour, per Barrel Common D# - - per D* -Ship Bread, per Cwt.

White Oak Staves and Heading, p. M.

Red Oak Staves -

Pitch Pine Boards -

Yellow Pine D* -

Common Boards -

Common Shingles -

Mess Beef and Pork -

Butter, per lb.

Spermaceti Candles -

1 10 — 11

176 — 19

15 — — 17

13 —

10 — 12 — 10 — 8 — 1 5 3 — — 1

~ 3

6

9 5

7 2

8 11 7 2 5 U

— 17

2 2

— 2

d.

5

71

ioi

8f

10J

5t

10J

31

10$

10*

8t

6

And Evidence was given to the Committee, by Two eminent Merchants, who had resided many Years in Jamaica, that they never recollected the Article of Flour being so cheap; and that many of the other Articles, even before the War, would have been thought pretty reasonable, particularly Staves; and, as the Prices of these Articles at Philadelphia, particularly of White and Red Oak Staves, have arisen, during and since the War, more than double, it was inferred, that, in Proportion to the first Cost in America, they aTe now cheaper at Jamaica than they were before the War.

The Committee examined the Gentlemen last mentioned, in order to learn their Opinion of what were the Average Prices of Lumber and Provisions at Kingston, for to Years before the War; and they obtained from them the following Account, in which they all agreed.

To I. 40.

Superfine

Colonial Trade with America.

23° Julii.

X 17841

Medium."

Superfine Flour, per Barrel, supposed to be 200 lb.

White Oak Staves from Philadelphia, per 1,000 -

Red Oak Staves, per 1,000 -

Common Boards, per 1,000 F -

Cypress and Yellow Pine Boards -

Pitch Pine Scantl*’ and Boards - -

Boston Shingles, per 1,000 Fl -

Cedar and Cypress Shingles, per 1,000 F* -

Wood Hoops, from America, per 1,000

Ditto from Great Britain - -

from £. 2 9 to £-2 19 £ 2 14

from £ 10 — to £ 14 — 12

from £. 8 — to £ 12 — 10 —

from £. 7 — to £ jo — 8 101

from £. 8 — to X" — 9 10

from 9 — to £. 12 — 10 10

from 15J. to £ 1 5 1 — .

from £ 3 — to £ 3 10 3 5

from £. 5 — to £ 8 — 6 10

from £. 10 to £ — 12 10

N. B. The Prices of the before-mentioned Articles are very variable in Jamaica 1The above are

the Medium Prices; the Retail Prices would be proportionably higher.

Flour, before the War, was usually sold by the 100 lb. — it Was never under 20s. the 100 lb.; frequently as high as 35-?. and 40 and sometimes 45 «

White Oak Staves from Philadelphia, with Proportion of Heading, the Long M. 1,200. — They have been known as low as 8, and as high as

£.22.

Red Oak Staves, the Long M. — They have been known as low as £. 7, and as high as 20.

Common Boards, per 1,000 F'. — They have been known as low as £. 5, and as high as £. 15.

Cypress and Yellow Pine Boards, per 1000 F. — They have been known as low as £. 6, and as high as 4C.15.

Pitch Pine Scantling and Boards. — They have been known as low as £. 8, and as high as 18.

Cedar and Cypress Shingles, per 1,000 F*. — They have been known as low as £.2. 15, and as high as X 3- 15.

Wood Hoops from America, the long M. 1,200. Ditto from Great Britain, the long M. 1,200.

To shew at One View the Difference in the Prices Current of Lumber and Provisions at Kingston, on the 20th of March, and the Prices of the said Articles prior to the War, as stated in the foregoing Accounts, the Committee inserted in their Report the following Tables.

COMPARATIVE

YOI. 40. 4 Y FUSTHEK

5

O O c-r.

-'/I

oo

COMPARATIVE STATE of the Prices Current of Lumber and Provisions, at Kingston in Jamaica, on 20th March, according to the Two Accounts

delivered in to the Committee.

First Account.

£ s. d.

Superfine Flour, per Barrel of 196 lb. - 1 15 — .

White Oak Staves, per 1,000 - - - - -15-----

Red Oak D°, per D° - - -12 ——

Common Boards, per 1,000 F* - - - £12 to 15----

Cedar..... 2- 35 to 40-----

Cypress.....- - -12-----

Yellow Pine - - - -.....14-----

Pitch Pine Scantling, per 1,000 F* - - - -18----

Shingles, Boston - - - 210 —

Cedar - - - - . - 5-----

Wood Hoops, per 1,000 - - - 18-----

Second Account,

£ s. d.

Superfine Philadelphia Flour, per Bushel - - - 1 10 —

White Oak Staves and Heading, per M. - - - 13 — — -

Red Oak Staves - - -10------

Common Boards - - 8----

Yellow Pine - - - -10 ——

Pitch Pine Boards - - - -12 — —

Common Shingles - - 15 —

Q

w

o

COMPARATIVE STATE of the Avcfage Prices of Lumber and Provisions, at Kingston in Jamaica, before the War, according to the Two Accounts

delivered in to the Committee.

Of

pi:

First Account.

Superfine Flour, per Barrel, of 196 lb. White Oak Staves, per 1,000 Red Oak Staves, per D°

Commou Boards, per 1,000 P Cypress and Yellow Pine, per D* Pitch Pine Scantling, per D°

Shingles, Boston -D° Cedar -

Wood Hoops, per 1,000 -

Medium. Second Account. Medium.

£ S. £. s. £ s. d. £ *. £ s. £. s. d.

1 5 to 25 1 15 — Superfine Pour, per Barrel - - - 2910 219 2 14 —

10 — to 12 — 11 White Oak Staves, Phila* - - - 10 — to 14 — 12

8 — to 10 — 9 Red Oak Staves - - - - 8 — - to 12 — 10

5 — to 10 — 7 10 — Common Boards - - - 7 — r to 10 — 8 IQ —

6 — to 12 — 9 - Cypress and Yellow Pine Boards - - - 8 — to if — 9 10 —

8 — to 12 — 2 5 to Pitch Pine Scantling and Boards - - - 9 — toi2 — Shingles, Boston - — 15 to 15 10 10 —

2 15 to J 10 10 — 3 a 6 D* Cedar and Cypress - - - 3 — to 310 Wood Hoops from America - - - - 5 — to 8 — Da from Great Britain - - - 10 — to 15 — 3 5 — 6 10 — 12 10 —

B $ 5 a

Colonial Trade with America.

358 2 2° Julii. A. 1784.

Island, ‘ thes Mischiefs and Calamities which they apprehended would follow from the Restrictions of His further proofs. Majesty's Order in Council, have been thought only

imaginary; and, as a Proof that their Fears were not To throw some Light on these Two contradictory founded in Reason, an Account hath been produced Accounts, and to obtain such Information as might to the Committee, of what American Produce had been assist His Majesty's Judgment in deciding to which imported into that Island in the Space of One Month of the Two the greatest Attention ought to be paid, after the Publication of the said Order in Council; the Committee thought it right again to examine the by which it appears, that from the 6th of October to said Two Merchants; who said, They never consi- the 12th of November last, Twenty-one Vessels had dcred the Prices Current, as published in the Kingston entered there, with sundry Articles of American Pro-Royal Gazette, as very exact — That they are apt duce, containing, among Other Things, 1,679 Barrels to continue them from one Paper to another; and of Flour, 606 Barrels and 174 Kegs of Biscuit, 580 that they have known the actual Prices to vary during Bushels of Corn, 256,000 Feet of Lumber, 34,650 the Time that the Prices have appeared in the Gazette Staves and Heading, 1,928,000 Shingles, and 484 to be the same — That, besides, they are generally the Cedar Posts, besides other smaller Articles, highest Retail Prices, and at the longest Credit, which Information was also given to the Committee, that is commonly about Twelve Months — That the Re- by Letters from Barbadoes, dated the 21st of March, tailer is generally paid for the several Articles in Pro- it appears that there were no particular Complaints duce; and that the American Factor or Supercargo is there, at that Time, for Want of any of the Articles paid in Produce, if he will take it, if not, Money or they are supplied with from America — That Lumber Bills of Exchange, which is generally the Case, and was selling for about £9 Currency per Thousand* he has a Right to make his Option — That the afore- and Flour pretty reasonable — That several Ships had said Prices Current of the 20th of March, were agree- arrived at Barbadoes from* America, and others were able to the Prices sent from their House at Kingston expected — That One Ship belonging to Bristol had in Jamaica, which they said undoubtedly deserved the arrived from PiscataqUh a short4 Time before, laden most Credit, in Preference to those published in the with Lumber. — A Merchant, who had Two Brigs go-Kingston Gazette, being Prices taken from real Sales/ ing from Virginia with. Lumber and Flour, informed and sent over to,them for their Conduct in Trade, the Committee, that his Correspondent in Virginia And being asked, If they could assign the Cause of wrote to him, on the 13th of March, " that he was the Difference between the said Prices Current sent li afraid the Flour imported into Barbadoes would be them, and those published in the Kingston Gazette ? a losing Article."

they said, They imagined that the former were the An Account hath been also received from Roseau in

Cargo Prices, paid for in Cash; the latter, the Retail Dominica, dated February 3d 1784, giving an Assure Prices, with Profit and Credit. — The Truth of the ance, that there were then more Merchant Vessels there, Prices Current on the 20th March, and the Average than there were during the Five Years the French were Prices before the War, last stated, and the rest of the in Possession of that Island.

Evidence of the said Two Merchants, was confirmed And it was represented, that great Numbers of the

by the Testimony of another Merchant of great Ex- Ships before mentioned, which had brought Plenty of perience in this Trade. Lumber and Provisions to Jamaica, had first touched

The Committee state, That they have not been able at the several Ports in the Leeward Islands, in their to procure the same ample Information of the Condi- Way down to Jamaica) and, as they had brought Part tion of His Majesty’s other Islands in the West Indies, of their Cargoes from thence unsold, it was inferred with respect to Lumber and Provisions, as of the they must have left Plenty there.

Island of Jamaica, nor have the Planters and Merchants produced any Account of Prices Current in The following Account of Prices Current at London, Barbadoes, or any of the Leeward Islands — That in on the 2d of December last, and at Philadelphia on the respect to the Address of the Assembly of Antigua, of same Day, of the following Articles, was produced to the 9th of October 1783, to the Governor of that the Committee*

Fine Flour, per 100 lb. - At London. - - £ - 16 - At Philadelphia. C- — 15 9

Common I)0 per D° - — 14 — -13"

Mess Beef, per Barrel - 226 226

Ditto Pork, per D* - - 2 8 — 3

Herrings, per D* -White Oak Staves, p. M. - 1 5 — - - - 6 5- — 18 — 6

Sterling - - £ 13 10 6 Ster* 13 9 3

By this Account it appears, that an Assortment of 19*. Currency; and that, including Freight and the the foregoing Goods could at that Time have been Charge of setting them up in Jamaica, they can be purchased very near as cheap at London as at Philo- afforded there at the Rate of from 25 to 30 Shillings delphia; and they could have been carried cheaper from Currency; and that during the Time Lumber and Staves London than from Philadelphia; for the Price of Freight were cheapest at Jamaica, Puncheons never sold for less from England to the West Indies is 30 per Cent, less than from 25 s. to 305. Currency; at which Rate the than from Philadelphia; But it was observed, that this Planter generally sells the Puncheon with the Rum in Account could not be depended on as a Standard of Time of Peace.

Prices for the future.

Information was also given to the Committee, That a great Part of the Rum Casks lately made use of in proofs in support of the second allegation. Jamaica, were Puncheons, that carried out Dry Goods

from Great Britain, or Puncheon Packs. IN Support of the Second Allegation, vizf. " That

That the Price of Puncheon Packs here at present, " the Supplies which the Sugar Colonies receive from is from 13 to 14^ Sterlings which is equal to 18 or " the Dominions of the United States of America,

" are

24 Geo. III. 22° Julii.

m

" are ii many Instances, and at many Seasons of the " Year, not to be had from any other Country, at any " Price whatever; and that, in many other Instances, kC such Supplies are not to be had from any other " Places, but at Prices wholly ruinous

The Planters and Merchants produced to the Committee, an Account of the Total Import from North America, into the British West India Islands, in the Years 1771, 1772, and 1773, distinguishing the Quantities imported from the United States of America, from the Quantities imported from Canada, Napa Scotia, and Newfoundland; which Account is inserted in the Appendix, N° 2. — One of the Olyects for producing this Account was, to shew the great Value of these Imports, which they estimated to amount Annually to above £. 700,000 Sterling. Another Object was, to shew how very small a Proportion of these Imports were brought from Canada, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland (the only Colonies in North America, that now remain* qnder the Dominion of Great Britain.) And, in order to prove that the West India Islands could not be supplied with Com from Canada> the Planters and Merchants alledged, that there was then a Ship loading in the River Thames for Canada, which actually carried out Flour — That during the late War, the Army in Canada amounted to no more than 15,000 Men, and that the Province could not supply them, but that the whole Supply was sent from England — That in One Year the Army was distressed, because the Contractor relied upon the Produce of the Province for their Supply.

They also alledged, That the Crops of Wheat in Canada are always uncertain, and that Canada is at this Time nearly in the same State of Cultivation as when it first came, into our Possession — That no British Subjects have settled there. One Family alone excepted — That the Number of its Inhabitants may amount to 100,000, mostly Catholics, and not possessing any Spirit of Industry. They acknowledged, however, that in the Years 1772, 1773, and 1774, when the South- ern Parts of Europe were in great Distress for Corn, a large Exportation from Canada had been made, and in One of those Years to the Amount of 400,000 Bushels.

In order to shew, that the West India Islands could not receive a proper Supply of Lumber from Canada, they alledged, that though the White Oak from Canada is very good for Staves, the other Species of Lumber were of an inferior Quality, and always sold in the West Indies at a lower Price than that imported, from other Parts — That they want Hands in that Colony to get Wood, the Price of Labour being from Half a Dollar to a Dollar per Day. — With respect to Nova Scotia, they alledged, that though the Increase of Inhabitants lately gone there, may in Time lead to some Supply of Grain, Lumber, and other Articles from that Colony, yet at present Nova Scotia is supplied with these from other Parts — That the Loyalists sent to Nova Scotia, carried Provisions with them, and are themselves, for the most Part, Men of a different Description from Labourers — That there was in the Colony also a Want of Hands, and that the Price of Lumber was greatly raised, in the Countries bordering on Nova Scotia, in consequence of the Demand for it from thence; and that, in short, neither Nova Scotia nor Canada were in a better Condition to furnish the Islands with Supplies, than before the War.

The Committee, after having heard all that the Planters and Merchants thought fit to offer in Evidence on this Head, judged it expedient to proceed to a further Investigation of this Subject.

It appeared, by the Information received from numerous respectable Authorities, as well as by the Accounts laid before the Committee, that the Province Vox. 40.

of Canada is able to export great Quantities of Wheat Colonial and Flour for the Consumption of the British West Traiie wi& India Islands — That in the Years 1771, 1772, 1773, Amenca# there were imported Annually, from all Parts of Amex rica, into the British West India Islands, at an Average,

132?75° Barrels of Flour: During nearly the same Period, that is, from 1771 to 1775, inclusive, there was exported from Canada Annually, at an Average,

265,000 Bushels of Wheat; and that the Common Price of the Grain, before the War, did not exceed 3$. per Bushel. — They observe, that soon after v the Year 1775, the Exportation wholly ceased, in Conse* quence of the War, when great Numbers of the Inhabitants of the Province were employee* in the Public Service, either as Batteaux Men to transport Provisions in their Boats, or as Waggoners to convey them by Land, or as Seamen employed upon the Lakes — ?

That this diminished the Cultivation of the Country* and w as the Cause that so much Com was not pfo* duced — That the Enemy’s Troops were sometimes in Possession of a Part of the Country, and that at other Times the Inhabitants were in Apprehension of them —

That in the Year 1778, the Governor prohibited the Exportation of Grain, and that the Prohibition was still in Force on the 21st Day of September last; but that the Committee hath been assured, no^ Flour was imported during the War, except for the Use of the Troops and Indians.

It was further represented, that this Prohibition operated as a great Discouragement to the Industry of the Farmer; but all the Witnesses agree, that the Exportation of Grain from Canada will in future revive and increase, especially if the West India Market is secured to them; and that several Persons of great Experience are of Opinion, that an Annual Export of 300,000 Bushels may be depended upon — That before the War, the Trade of Canada, in Flour, was checked for Want of proper Mills to grind their Corn, and they frequently sent Grain to Philadelphia for that Purpose; but since the Peace, proper Mill Stones have been imported, and new Mills have been erected at a great Expence in convenient Places; so that their Flour in future will be much finer, more free from Bran, and fitter for Exportation, and the Commerce of the Province in this Article will be thereby greatly improved and extended. — And the Committee have been assured, by a Person of very respectable Authority, who from his long Residence there must be best acquainted with the Nature of the Climate, that he never knew the Crop of Grain materially fail till last Year, which happened to be unusually rainy.

It also appeared, that great Quantities of Lumber can be* furnished from Canada, and the Market of Quebec, where it will be exchanged for British Manu^ factures; and that the Canadians have learned to cut their Lumber to great Advantage, by Floating Mills, of a new Construction, built at a Third of the Expence of ordinary Mills.

It was observed, that the Navigation of the River Saint Lawrence, which is frozen a considerable Part of the Year, is a great Impediment to the Trade of this Country. But though this may materially affect Lumber, the Freight of which, as a bulky Article, is a material Consideration, yet it cannot much injure the Trade in Flour, which, if properly packed, is not liable to damage in a short Time.

It was further stated, that Nova Scotia will soon be able to supply great Quantities of Lumber; and that, if Grants of Lands are properly made, and secured to the Inhabitants, they will, in about 3 Years, be able to furnish, at moderate Prices, most of the Articles which the West India Islands can want from North America. And, though the Sea Coast, from Cape Canso to Cape Sable, is rocky and barren, and produces nothing but Fir Trees, the interior Parts of the

Country,

Colonial Trade with America*.

3 6o 22° yuliL 1784.

Country, and the Banks of alt the Rivers that empty themselves into The Bay of Fmdy, have as fine a Soil as any Part of the World: The Peninsula is fitted for Dairy Farms; arid there are immense Tracts of good Land oh the other Side of The Bay of Fmdy, and on fee River St. John's, Pedicodiac, and others of less Note, which are proper for every Sort of Tillage: And that the whole Country produces the finest Garden Vegetables in the World, particularly Potatoes.

Assurance Was given to the Committee, that fee Climate of Nova Scotia is fine and healthy, and feat the Number of new Settlers there amount to hear 30,000; are industrious, and extremely anxious to cultivate fee Land allotted to them — That fee neutral French, who still remain, were always an industrious People; and that, before the Yeas-1754, such of them as were settled at Beam' Tmtamarre, and

other Places of the Province, supplied Canada, and other French Settlements in North with a

considerable Quantity of Grain; and that they, and all fee old Inhabitants, when they are no longer in a precarious State wife respect to fee Government under which they are to live, will follow the Example of fee new Settlers, and will learn from them to improve fee Country to great Advantage, especially if Encouragement is given to their Industry, by securing to them proper Markets. — And the Committee were assured, from good Authority, that upon the like Encouragement, fee Population of Nova Scotia will be increased.

It appeared also, feat great Parts of this Country abound wife Lumber, particularly White Oak; and that a Number of Saw Mills are already erected in that Province, and feat more will be erected aa soon as fee Grants are settled.

It also appeared to the Committee, that there are

1,500,000 Acres, in fee Island of Cape Breton, capable of producing any Sort of European Grain, and remarkably fit for Garden Vegetables; and, though the Coast is very much subject to Fogs, the Air in fee Center is dry, and fit for fee Produce of Grain — That it abounds also with great Quantities of Lumber, Pine of every Dimension, Oak of various Kinds, White and Red (the former in Plenty) Ash and Elm, Beech, Birch, and Maple, which grow to great Scantlings — That these Woods lie contiguous to fee Coast, or on Navigable Rivers; and feat there are a great Number of Streams in fee Island fit to erect Saw Mills thereon; and it is not doubted but that Lumber sufficiently proper for every Purpose may be procured in Canada, Nova Scotia, and Cape Breton-, and feat fee Disadvantage to which Canada is.subject in point of Navigation, is reversed with respect to Nova Scotia and Cape Breton, fee Navigation from these Countries to the West India Islands being performed in a less Time than from the Ports of fee United States.

Besides these Articles, which are fee Staple Commodities of these Countries, there are others, of which the West India Islands stand in need: Two of these are Rice and India Corn. The Consumption of the First, in the West India Islands, is very small, amounting, at an Average of Three Years, to no more than 20,563 Barrels Annually. — It is certain feat these Articles cannot be produced either in Canada or Nova Scotia. India Corn is a more necessary Article; and the Quantity imported into our West India Islands, at an Average of Three Years, is 401,464 Bushels Annually. — And fee Committee were informed, there is a great deal of India Corn now grown in Nova Scotia, arid feat a great deal more will be planted this Spring on Saint Johns River, provided the Grants are confirmed to the new Settlers and Provincials in due Time; and that Parts of Canada are capable also of producing it — It was observed, that the Grain of this India Gorn may possibly not be so large and fine as feat which is produced in the Southern Parts of

America; but it may answer for the same Uses nearly as well — That it is certain feat Canada and Norn Scotia Can and will produce all the Substitutes for India Cora, viz. Beans, Peas, Barley, Oats, and Potatots, at fee most reasonable Rates; with which Substitutes, except Potatoes, the Planters during the last War fed their Negroes — That there is also no Doubt, but in a short Time great Quantities of Com, of the

finest Sort, may be produced in fee Islands of Bahama, where there is a Soil and Climate perfectly fitted for it; to which a large Colony are already gone, and more are expected to arrive; and feat from these Islands the Navigation to the West India Islands is very easy and short.

Another Article of which fee West India Islands stand in need, is live Stock, and salted Beef and Pork. Live Stock can be furnished in great Quantities from Nova Scotia. It furnished fee British Army, whilst it was at Boston, with a plentiful Supply of it, though it was not then peopled with Half the Inhabitants it is at present; and fee Shortness of the Navigation from this Country to fee West India Islands, is a favourable Circumstance wife respect to this Supply.

The Committee also state, feat besides salted Beef and Pork, which may be supplied from both Canada and Nova Scotia, the West Indies can be furnished wife those Articles in Plenty, and of a superior Quality, from Great Britain, and particularly from Ireland: And it was stated to the Committee, that the salted Beef and Pork from America is of a loose and open Texture, and easily goes to Decay in hot Climates^ so that, all Circumstances considered, those Articles may be had on cheaper Terms (in the Opinion of several Witnesses) from Great Britain and Ireland, than from any Part of North America.

The last important Article of Provision which the West India Islands stand in need of, is dried and pickled Fish; and there were stated sufficient Reasons for believing, that the whole Supply can be furnished by one or other of the Fisheries of Great Britain and Ireland, and those of Newfoundland, Canada, and Nova Scotia. — The Quantity imported into fee British West India Islands, according to the Account the Committee have received, is 159,669 Quintals of dried Fish Annually.

The Cod Fish imported into fee Islands is of an inferior Quality to feat which is sent to the European Market, being principally for the Food of Negroes: Something more than Nine Tenths of this Quantity was imported into His Majesty’s Islands by Ships belonging to fee New England Provinces; but a considerable Part of this, that is 67,000 Quintals, the New Englanders Annually purchased of the Fishermen at Newfoundland; so feat of this they were merely fee Carriers. The Price of Cod at the Ports of Exportation in New England, was considerably dearer than at Newfoundland, nearly as 9 to 7; but it assisted the Traders of New England in making up their Assortments for fee West India Markets; and, as they purchased this Fish with Rum of their own distilling, at Newfoundland, so they sold it in the West Indies for Rum of a finer Quality, and for Sugar and Melasses, and made thereby a profitable Trade. — Newfoundland alone is said to be sufficient for the Supply of dried and pickled Cod; but fee Situation of Nova Scotia is so favourable for carrying on the Fisheries, being much nearer the Fishing Banks than fee Ports of New England, that there is no Doubt but they will have a considerable Share in this Commerce; and it appeared, that great Advantages will be derived from a free Intercourse between Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, and the West India Islands, for the Exchange of their respective Produce. — That, in Addition to fee dried and pickled Cod, fee West India Market requires a Supply of salted Mackarel, Herrings, and other small Fish: That Part of these, particularly fee Herrings, 2 may

24 GEO. III. 22* Julii. 361

may be exported from Great Britain and Ireland, which are of a superior Quality to any Fish of this Sort in America; and, by Accounts laid before the Committee, can be supplied in great Quantities. Pickled Mackarel and Salmon may be furnished from the Fisheries on the Coasts and in the Rivers of Nova Scotia and Labrador, where they may be catched in great Plenty.

PROOFS IN SUPPORT OF THE THIRD ALLEGATION.

IN Support of the Third Allegation; visf. " That lt the Navigation between the North American Colo-€t nies, and the Sugar Colonies, cannot be effectually u carried on by British Ships, on Account of the " heavy Expence, Uncertainty, and Delay of such 4C circuitous Navigation, beyond that which would u attend the direct Navigation in American Ships;" — the Planters and Merchants urged, that before the last War, more than Three Parts in Four of the Ships employed in carrying on the Commerce between the British West India Islands and North America, were American; and they produced Two Accounts, by which it appeared, that the Number of Ships so employed in the Year 1772, amounted to 1,208; of which only 13 came from the Colonies now under the Dominion of His Majesty; that is, 5 from Canada, 6 from Newfoundland, and 2 from Nova Scotia. They inferred also, from the Number of Vessels being so great, that their Tonnage must have been small, and Consequently they could not be British Ships employed in the American Trade, which are scarce ever of less Burthen than 250 or 300 Tons. They produced also another Paper, to shew, that of 56*1 Sail, which entered at the Port of Kingston in Jamaica in the Year 1774, 131 wer0 British built, and 422 American built. They said, that upon an Experiment made for 2 or 3 successive Years, of carrying on the Trade by a circuitous Voyage, that is, by sending Ships from England to America to take in Lumber, and carry the same from thence into the Islands, it was found not to answer — That the Ships did not save themselves in Point of Expence; and that it could never answer to a Merchant to employ Ships in such circuitous Voyage upon Speculation. — And being asked. Whether there was any Number of Ships, belonging to the West India Islands, employed in the Trade between the Islands and America? they answered, It was believed there was none.

E CONTRA.

Upon this Subject the Committee examined a Number of eminent Merchants trading to North America and the West Indies, as well as other Persons who had been employed in His Majesty’s Service in America; and, upon the Whole of the Evidence laid before the Committee, it appeared to them, that there never was a Period in which this Country was better prepared than it is at present, to enter into any new Branch of the Carrying Trade. — Many Seamen have lately been discharged from the Ships of War, and many Mercantile Vessels, with their Crews, dismissed from the public Service; and the Committee have been assured, that, from the Circumstances before mentioned, there is at present in this Country an Overstock of Shipping which wants Employment; so that the Price of Freight from Great Britain to America has fallen as low as it was in the last Peace; that is, from £. 8 per Ton to about £. 3, to about Quebec, and about £. 2 to other Parts of America — and that there is no Doubt that the Freight from America to the West Indies will fall as low as it was in the last Peace, though confined to British Shipping.

Vol. 40.

The sCommittep. «dso state, that it -has been observed Colonial to them, that the Owners of British Vessels, concerned Tride with in the West India, Tracje, hayie long iabourecji under Amtnca* great Disadvantages fronj. the Difficulty of prpeuring Outward Freights for their Vessels,; but that ppw, by going first to North America, and from thence to the West Indies, and so Home, they will be sure of Two Freights, and perhaps Three, instead of little more than One: And it is alledged, that they will reap this Benefit with very small additional Charges in the Payment of Seaman’s Wages and Port Duties. And it has been proved to the Committee, that though the Ships employed in the West India Trade from the Port of London, called Established Ships, have not hitherto engaged in this circuitous Commerce^ — and, being large Ships, of great Expence, might not, upon Trial, find it for their Advantage — yet that Ships from the Out Ports frequently engaged in it,. sometimes by going first to North America, taking a Cargo <of Lumber from thence for the Islands in the West Indies, and running Home freighted with Sugar and other West India Produce; and that at other Times they went first for the West India Islands, with Supercargoes, who employed their Vessels in a Trip to the Continent for Lumber, while they were purchasing Rum and other Produce of the Islands for their Homeward Voyage —

That, in particular, Ten or Twelve Ships have been known to come to Georgia in a Year, that were employed in this Trade, and others to the Carolina's for the same Purpose; and it has been proved to the Committee, that there are Ten large Ships from the Port of London already destined for this circuitous Trade, and Three others intended to be employed in the like Manner, whose chief Object is the Freight from America to Jamaica; and that these Ships will go from hence even in Ballast, in case a Freight Outward cannot be obtained, because they will, perhaps, make, by Freight from America to Jamaica, £. 2,000, or £. 2,500; whereas, in all Probability (as was the Case last Year) they would not make above £. 800, or £. 900, from London to Jamaica.

On this Head the Committee observe, that the Number of British Ships which seized the Opportunity, of going from North America to the West India Islands, with Lumber and Provisions, on the first Notice of the Order in Council fas already stated) is a clear Probf that this Branch of Commerce is profitable; and* as a further Proof of the Value of this Commerce, the Freight from North America to the West Indies is from £. 30 to £. 40 per Cent. more than from Great Britain to the West Indies.

Information was also given to the Committee, that, besides the Ships before mentioned, there are 12 Sail of British Ships established at Jamaica, for carrying on the Trade between that Island and the Continent of America, besides others intended to be fitted out; to which may be added the Ships of Canada and Nova Scotia, which will be employed in this Trade: And it has been proved to the Committee, that many Ship Carpenters have settled in Nova Scotia, for the Purpose of Ship Building; and, if the Trade to the West India Islands is confined to British Shipping, it is expected that many more Persons of that Description will be induced to settle in Nova Scotia, where they will find Timber of every Sort, fit for Ship Building; anrl, as the Tide in the Bay of Fundy rises very high, the Harbours of that Country are better fitted for building -Ships than any of the Continent of North America. — Information has been also given to the Committee, that before> the War, Ships of between 200 and 300 Tons were built in Canada, for which they have Timber in great Plenty; and that, besides what have been mentioned, the Intercourse between the West Indies and America will be carried on by Sloops belonging to the Bermuda and Bahama Islands, which have always had a principal Share of this Trade.

4 Z The

Colonial Trade with America.

22° Julii. 1784.

The Accounts produced by the West India Planters and Merchants, before stated; shew, that the Number of Vessels which entered the Ports of the British West India Islands in 1772, with thte Produce of North rica, was 1,208; and that, on'an Average of Three YOars preceding the War, the Number of Vessels that entered those Ports with the Produce of North America, was 1,610, containing 115)634 Tons, and navigate! by 9,718 Men: But, as the Vessels employed in this Trade were generally able to make 3 Trips in the Year, the above Numbers must be divided by 3, in order to shew the Number of Ships or Vessels, the Quantity of Tonnage, and the Number of Men, actually so employed; the real Number, therefore, will turn out to be 533 Ships, containing 38,544 Tons, and navigated by 3,339 Men: And it has been shewn, by Three different Calculations laid before the Committee, that the Value of this Freightage, in a Commercial Light, is not less than £. 245,000 a Year.

PROOFS IN SUPPORT OF THE FOURTH ALLEGATION.

IN Support of the Fourth Allegation; viz1. That the Planters in His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies can " no otherwise pay for the Supplies received from the *l Dominions of the said United States, than by the " Produce of their Estates; which Produce, in many " Instances, does not find any adequate Vent in Gi'eat " Britain, and, if not taken off by the North Americans, would remain a dead Weight upon all the rest " of the Produce of the said Sugar Colonies;" — the Planters and Merchants produced Accounts to shew, that, besides smaller Articles, there was exported to North America,

In the Years 1770 /Sug^ 3,776 Hhds.

' . \Rum, 32,265 Puncheons.

177A W 5,325 Hhds.

* \Rum, 43,488 Puncheons.

They alledged, that the Americans then took, from the British West India Islands, their Produce in Payment for nearly the Amount of what they imported. They admitted, that the Rum exported to North America, was for American Consumption only, and none of it afterwards re-exported. They alledged, that before the War, no Foreign Rum was consumed in North America, except some smuggled from particular Places, none being permitted to be made in the French Islands until lately, that the Governor of Martinique had issued a Proclamation, giving Licence to American Merchants to erect a Rum Distillery at the Bay of Gallery, and proper Cisterns for keeping Melasses near the Town of St. Pierre — That the Americans took Melasses from the French Islands, which they distilled into a Rum of a very inferior Quality, known by the Name of Nero England Spirit; that a trifling Quantity of the same was exported to Africa, and some used to be sent to Canada, until Distilleries were established in that Province. — And the Planters and Merchants informed the Committee, that it was universally understood at Jamaica, that a Gentleman, formerly of London, was. gone from Jamaica to the French Islands, with a View of pushing to the utmost Extent the Distilleries for Rum established in the French Islands, and improving the Manufacture of that Commodity; and they observed, that the bringing those Distilleries to a Condition proper for supplying the Demand for Rum from the United States must be a Work of Time; and that the true Rule, whereby to form a Judgment of the Effect the said Distilleries might have upon the Export of Rum from the British West Indies, was not either from the present Price, or the present Demand; but that we ought to look forward to a future Period. — The Planters and Merchants

brought With them rio Account of the present Prices of Rum, either at Jamaica or the other Islands; and Letters were produced to shew the low Prices and small Demand for Rum, m February and March last, at Granada and Saint Christophers, being so low as 3s. and 2s. 6d. per Gallon; and it was agreed, by all whom the Committee have examined on this Head, that Rum was the principal Article which the British West India Islands sent to America before the War, in Return for the Produce of that Continent.

The Price of Sugar in the British Islands is so much higher than in the other Islands, that the Americans always preferred going to the latter for the Purchase of that Article. The Quantity of Rum sent from the British West India Islands to North America, on an Average of Three Years, was, according to the Account of Imports and Exports in North America,

2,800,000 Gallons in a Year; and the Quantity of the Melasses 250,000 Gallons — This last may be considered as so much additional Rum, as it is probable the greatest Part of it was distilled into that Spirit in America. The whole Quantity of Rum, therefore, the Produce of our Islands, which the Americans took from them, may be fairly stated at 3,050,000 Gallons* This Quantity, great as it is, is but a Part of the Rum necessary for the Consumption of North America; for it is said, that almost all the Melasses of the French Islands were imported into it, and distilled into Rum, chiefly in the New England Provinces; and this is probable, as the Price of Melasses in the French Islands has of late Years very much increased, in consequence of the great Demand for it.

It was also shewn to the Committee, that the Consumption of Rum in North America w as not Annually less than 7,000,000 Gallons; and there is no Reason to suppose that this Consumption will be less in future; and if the French distil their own Melasses, it can make no Difference in the Quantity of Rum distilled.

By an Account of Prices Current of Sugar, Rum, and Coffee, at Kingston in Jamaica, on the 18th Day of January last, laid before the Committee, it appeared, that those Articles then sold at Prices at least as high as they were, on an Average, between the Years 1770 and 1775; and the Committee have been informed, that by Accounts lately received, dated 20th March, the Produce of that Island had risen, in the Course of the last Month, nearly Ten per Cent. This Rise is alledged to be owing to the present Demand for the American Market.

A Correspondent at Savanna La Mar, in a Letter to a Merchant of London, doubts whether he can execute the Orders he had received from London for Rum, within the Time appointed; because there were at Savanna La Mar several Purchasers for Rum and Sugar from Kingston, for the American Market. — Rum had broke, at Savanna La Mar, at 2 s. 6d. per Gallon, which is as high as any purchased at that Port during the last Five Years, and higher than it usually broke at in Times of Peace. — Rum sold at Kingston, upon the 20th of March, at 2 s. $d.; and, by the last Accounts from the Leeward Islands, dated in February, the Price of new Rum was expected to be at 2$. 3 d. and strong Granada Rum at 2 s. 6d.; which, the Committee are informed, is at least as high as Rum usually broke at in those Islands in Times of Peace. And, from the present Price of Rum, and the Demand for it, there is no Reason to apprehend that there will be any Want of a sufficient Vent for this Article of Produce.

It appeared by the Account of Imports and Exports, produced to the Committee, that tb*re wfere imported into Canada, Nova Scotia, and Newfoundland, before the War, 998,672 Gallons in a Year; and that in the Year 1774, 748,491 Gallons of Rum were imported from

24 Geo. III. 22° Julii. 363

from the West Indies, and from the Continent of Am- there will be a 'greater Exchange of Produce for Colonial

rica, into that Colony only. Produce. Trade with

By another Account produced; it appeared, that irt America,

some Years there has been a large Importation of

Rum into Canada from Great Britain;but it is pro- THE Planters aild Merchants, in offering the ir

bable, that a considerable Portion of this might be Evidence to the Committee, adverted to Two other ma-

for the Use of His Majesty’s Troops. This, how- terial and important Points, in order to induce His

ever, was but Part of the Consumption of those Pro- Majesty to comply with their Request; wV.

vinces: GreaJ Quantities were smuggled, particularly _ .

into Canada,where there was a high Duty; and still Fie Policy which the French are pursuing*

more into Newfoundland, where there was not only a ">r. *" of an Intercourse between

high Duty on Rum imported from the American Con- eir I®*80® and the United States.

tinent, but where there was One Custom House only; Secondly — The Measures which the United States,

and great Quantities were sold by the Americans, out and the several Provinces of which they are composed,

of their Vessels, to the Fishermen on the Banks. — have taken in consequence of His Majesty’s Order in

When it is considered, therefore, that the People of Council of the 2d of July.

Nova Scotia have in the last Year been more than.

doubled by the new Settlers, and that the People of , *n ^P^f to the Finst of these Points, it appears,

Canada are also much increased, there can be little an Arret had been published at Saint y

Doubt that the Consumption of Rum will be greatly w^ich puts the Trade between the United States and increased in the remaining British Colonies, especially Island upon the same Footing as before the War; if all Duties upon the Rum of our Islands, imported a Proclamation published at Martinique, and into Canada, be taken off, or at least greatly dimi- the French Windward Islands, for opening the Ports nished, and foreign Vessels allowed as little Inter- ?f the French Islands to the United States, Permission course as possible with our Fishermen at Newfound- *s. £*ven to the Vessels of the United States, to load land. — What the Quantity consumed iti such Case with Produce of the French Islands, without any may be, it is impossible to say, but it will probably Limitation: But the Permission which is given to leave no greater Quantity to be imported into other bring the Produce of the United States to the Parts of America, than such as will find an easy French Islands, is confined to such Articles only as Market. France cannot supply her Colonies with; and this has

It was suggested to the Committee, that the con- been since explained to admit the Importation ot fining the Intercourse with our West India Islands to Lumber of all Sorts, Staves and Heading, Shingles,

British Ships, will be a Means of securing to the Plan- Horses, Cattle, Live Stock, and all Fish but

ters a greater Export of their Produce, than if the God (which are to be supplied from their own lish-Ships of the United States were allowed to come, as eries) to ^e Exclusion of the Three great Articles of formerly, to the Ports of our Islands; for, though the American Produce, viz*. European and Indian Grain/

West India Planters and Merchants seemed to ima- Salted Be^{ and P°rk; and Pickled Cod; but it is gine, that before the War the Americans took from the sa'd> that Permission is to be given, occasionally, to British West India Islands their Produce in Payment import Salted Provisions, and other Articles, when for nearly the Amount of what they imported, the the Islands are in W ant of them. And the Committee.

Accounts of Imports and Exports state the Value of were informed, that what is thus permitted to be im- the Produce of the Continent of North America, imported, is little more than what the French allowed to ported into the Islands, as valued at the Port of Im- the Americans before the War, by special Permission portation at £.720,000' Annually, including Freight; to particular Ships, when the Necessity of their Islands and the Amount of the Produce of our Islands im- required it.

ported into North America, valued in like Manner at With respect to the 2d Point, viz*. " The Mea-the Port of Importation, at £.420,000, including " sures which the United States, and the Provinces Freight; which makes a Balance of £.300,000 in " of which they are composed, have taken in <?onse-favour of the Americans: And it has been asserted, " qUence of His Majestys Order in Council of 2d by Merchants well versed in that Commerce, who " Jutythe Committee find, that the State of Ma~ have appeared before the Committee, that the Ameri- ryland has, on this Account, imposed a Duty of Five cans never took, in Payment of their Cargoes, more Shillings per Ton on British Shipping, at their En-than a small Part of the Produce of our Islands; One, trance or Clearance in the Ports of that State (which in particular, has informed the Committee, that the *s sa*d to be Two Shillings more than they have laid Americans trading to Jamaica, before the War, used to on ad other Shipping) and Two per Cent, ad valo-take Produce of that Island, in Payment for Provi- rent, over and above what is now paid, or may here-sions and Lumber imported there, in nearly the follow- after be paid, by the Citizens of the said State, upon ing Proportions: all-Merchandize and Manufactures the Growth and

The Southern Provinces, about One Half, or ra- Produce of Great Britain, or any Colony or other

ther more; — the Balance in Dollars. Place ander the Dominion of Great Britain, imported

The Middle Provinces, about One Fourthin any British Ship or other Vessel owned or belong-Balance, Dollars and Sterling Bills of Ex- ing,. in Part or wholly, to any British Subject or change. Subjects.

The Northern or New England Government, not And the Assembly of Georgia, now sitting, has pro-above One Tenth; — Balance in Dollars. hibited all Intercourse with the British West India

And so unwilling were the Americans to take the Island, until the Orders of His Majesty in Council

Produce of the British Islands, that, when they sold are revoked.

their Lumber and Provisions in Exchange for Pro- It does not appear that any of the other States have duce, and not for Cash, they generally demanded an yet passed any Legislative Acts to the like Purpose; higher Price. With the Cash thus procured, what- but in the Assembly of Pennsylvania, which was sitting ever it might be, they went down to the Foreign Islands, when the last Accounts came away, an Act had bfcen and purchased Sugar, Melasses, and Coffee, much read a Second Time, for imposing Duties on every cheaper than our Islands could afford them. Ton of British Shipping, and on British Manufac-

It is therefore argued, that, when the Trade is con- tures and Commodities, in like Manner as those im-fined to our own Ships. it is more probable that posed by the State of Maryland\ with the Addition,

Vol. 40. ‘ that,

364 JA. 1784.

Colonial tha.t the Assembly of Pensylvaniaproposed to augment The Province of South Carolina has laid Duties on Trade with the Duty on British Manufactures and Commodities, British West India Produce, from £. 50 to £. 100 per

America. imported in British Shipping, to per Cent, ad Cent, higher than on that of Foreign Islands: But it

lorem; and there is Intelligence received of a general appears that this Duty was imposed before they had

Ferment in all the Southern and Middle States, on any Knowledge of His Majesty’s Order in Council of

Account of the Restriction laid by His Majesty's Order 2d July. in Council.

The Assembly of New York had addressed the Go- Whether the Congress, or the several Legislatures vemor on this Subject, in Terms of Resentment to of the American States, will persist in this Policy, is Great Britain; and the Assembly of Virginia have impossible to be known. But the Committee have unanimously resolved, " That the United States, in examined many respectable Persons, perfectly informed " Congress assembled, ought to be impowered to of the State of America, and of the Nature of its Comprohibit British Vessels from being the Carriers of merce; — who all agree in Opinion, That by prohibiting " the Growth or Produce of the British West India or obstructing the Intercourse between the Continent of " Islands to the said States, so long as the Order in America and the West India Islands, the People of the " Council shall be continued; or to concert such United States will suffer much more than any of His " other Measures as shall be thought effectual to Majesty’s Subjects; and that, for Want of a sufficient " counteract the Designs of Great Britain with re-? Vent, their Lumber and Provisions must perish on " spect to the American Commerce." their Hands.

A P P E N D I X.

N* 1.

An AC C O U N T of all the Flour and Lumber imported in British-built Vessels, navigated according to Law, and entered at the Port of Kingston in Jamaica, from 12th Dec' 1783 to 17lh of March 1784.

Arrival at Kingston. VESSELS. Barrels of Flour. Staves and Heading. Feet of Boards, Scantling, &c. Shingles. Packed or shaken lihds. - - -T — From

_ 1783-Dec' 12. Schooner Hope, Smart - , 21,250 36,300 East Florida

Brig* Mars - - 210 - 34,465 204,600 " Philadelphia

Brig* Recovery, Grimes - - 260 25,000 - 30,000 - Virginia

Ship Queen of England, Campbell 209 98,000 20,000 44,000 - Philadelphia

Schooner Sally - 250 1,500 - - - New York

J4. Sloop Patty, Killy - - 250 - - - - Tortola

15- Sloop Betsey, Wamwright - 762 3,608 Philadelphia

16. Brig* Polly and Harriot - - 15,000 70,000 - Georgia

Schooner Rose, Brunton - - - 4,000 - - New York

Schooner Betsey, Lear - 456 2,000 4,800 - 30,000 - Philadelphia

18. Ship Robina, Maniei 1,280 - - - D°

22. Sloop Industry, Darrat - 193 2,000 6,500 1,000 - - - New York

23. Ship Maria, Jones - - V39 - - - Philadelphia

Ship Cvnnorant, Hutchinson - 9°° 70,000 - - - Virginia

Ship Yorick, Anderson . - - 60,000 - - Quebec

29. Brig* Lord How, Maclean - - - 2,000 30,000 1$,000 100 Penobscot

1784. Jan. 2. Brig* Agnes, Bailiff - 5,000 22,000 47,000 Massachuseta

3- Brig Pirgey - - - 300 - - Maryland

Brig* Bermudian* Smillie -Ship Harfford, Folger - T 2,000 40,000 - - Philadelphia

- 1,625 2,200 - 42,000 - D°

Sloop Rover, Stuart - - 800 - 31 Quebec

Sloop Perseverance, King - 201 5,900 - 9,600 - Virginia

6. Brig* Arrow, Cruickshanks - S° Carolina

8. Brig* Glasgow, Patrick - 1,307 4,700 - - - Virginia

9- Brig* Atalanta, Stanton - - 923 1,300 - - - Philadelphia

Brig* Dart, Tyrie - - 557 1,500 - - Maryland

Brig* Hawke, Coupland - - - 6,600 147,000 100,000 50 Massachusets

12. Sloop Liberty, Dunscomb - 300 10,000 - - Maryland

Brief Admiral Rowley - - 3,000 68,000 - - Massachusets

13- Schooner Betsey, Wilson - - 170 15,000 - - 30 Philadelphia

15- Sloop Sally, Alboury - 150 4,5oo - Bermuda

Brig* Liverpool, Darcun -Schooner Betsey, Braine - - 540 4,000 - - - Maryland

*7- ® 4,000 58,000 - S° Carolina

Arrived

24 Geo. III. 22* Jul

Arrived at Kingston. VESSELS. Barrels of n Flour; Staves and Heading. Feet of Boards, Scantling, &c. Shingles. Packed or shaken Iihds. From b

1784. Jan. 17. Schooner Providence + 224 2,360 Philadelphia

20. Brig* Eleanor, Hoyt - - - - 25,000 - - . - - Maryland

Brig* Betsey, Swan -Ship iv/we, Aldis - - 369 2,000 25,000 4,000 - . - Anguilla

21. - - 39 London

Brig - - 480 25,000 , - - - - New York

Ship Bristol, Kinsley - - - 5 00 Grenada

22. Brig Duncan, Craig - - - 120 - - f - Antigua

25- Brig Renown, Darrell - - - m — m m 40,000 - - S° Carolina

Brig* Porcupine, Stubins Schooner /Ibi^ail, Pattes - - w m t-t 00 10 Ox 000 000 000 40,000 20,000 8,000 _ 60 Kennebuck New York

30- Ship j$f. Cut liberty Wright - - - 20,592 10,690 - - D*

Sloop Po//j/ and Sally, Paterson - 20 - - - D°

Ship Commerce, Blake - - 100 Bristol

Snow Industry, Nelson - - - 78,400 - - - - Bermuda

Feb. 2. Brig* Active, Bateman - - - 5,000 3,000 - - S' Thomas

4- Brig* Penelope, Williams Brig* Porgey - - - 150 11,600 - 2,000 50,000 „ 100 Massachusets Bahamas

Snow Tygress, Christian - - - 2,000 25,000 - - - Tortola

6. Ship Findlay, Farrie - - - 173 Glasgow

7. Brig* Dispatch, Luscombe - 225 Bristol

9- Brig* Newry, Clarke - - - 11,000 11,000 - 120 Tortola

Snow Judith, Shutter - - i,t 62 2,500 - - - - Philadelphia

11. Ship &//y, Darrell - a - - 44,541 51,000 - - S° Carolina

Ztfrfy Juliana, Sayle - - - i6q London

Ship 7&o Brothers, Swift - - 1,900 7,000 - 43,000 - - Grenada

16. Brig* *&/%, Gates - - 63 - 40,000 44,000 - - N° Carolina

20. Brig* Loyalist, Bishop - - _ a 500 id, 000 O o'© O O c 0 - - E. Florida

22. Schooner Betsey, White - - - 4,000 - - - Connecticut

Schooner Batchelor - - - 300 New York

25. Brig* &r//y, Albro - 470 5,000 - - - - Grenada

28. Brig* Par* Rosexcay, Shannon - 3,500 10,000 - 91 Connecticut

Sloop - - - 10,600 - - - - S* Thomas

29. Ship - - 103 118,600 Bristol

Ship Friendly Adventure - - - 60,652 16,680 - - Virginia

Mch. 5. Sloop Relief \ Bachop - - -,. 4,000 - - - E. Florida

7- Brig* Carolina, Camplin - - - - 23,000 70,000 - - D°

8. Sloop Ttro Brothers - - - 3,360 - - - Bahamas

9- Brige Swallow, Hook - - - - 13,000 - - - S* Carolina

11. Brig* EUztb Barington - - - 18,390 12,265 10,000 - - Georgia

16. Brig* AEolus, Wright -Schooner Nancy, Newbold - - 560 30,000 5° Glasgow Bermuda

17- Schooner Scorpion, Kemp - - - - 2,500 - - _ Bahamas

Total in Three Months - 18,800 559,050 796,253 1,450,79° 632

Vol. 40.

APPENDIX

Colonial Trade with America.

Colonial Trade with America.

Privilege — A Person discharged from Custody.

366 22° ju 1784*

APPENDIX, N°2.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Import from North America into the British West India Islands, in the Years 1771, 1772, and 1773; taken from an Official Account signed by Mr. Stanley, Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, dated 15th March. 1775.

From the United States. From Canada and Nova Scotia. From Newfoundland.

LUMBER.

Boards and Timber m . Feet 76,767,695 232,040 2,000

Shingles - - - - N° - - 59,586,194 185,000

Staves - - - N0 - - 5 7,998,661 27,350

Hoops - - - - N° - - 4,712,005 16,250 9,000

Cora Bushels - - 1,204,389 24

Pease and Beans - - - D* - - 64,006 1,017

Bread and Flour - - - Barrels - - 396,329 991

D* - Kegs " 13,099

Rice Barrels - - 39,9*2

Ditto - - - Tierces - - 21,777

Pish - - - Hogsheads - 51,344 449 2,307

Ditto - - - 4 - Barrels - . 47,686 646 202

Ditto - - - - Quintals - - 21,500 2,958 11,764

Ditto Kegs - 3,304 609

Beef and Pork - - - - Barrels - . 44,782 170 24

Poultry - Dozens - - 2,739 10

Horses - - - - . N" - - 7, J30 28

Oxen - - . - N° - - 3,647

Sheep and Hogs - - - N* - - 13,815

Oil - - - - Barrels - - 3,189 139 >18

Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine - - - - Ditto - 17,024

Masts - - - - N* - 157

Spars - - - - N* - - 3,074 30

Shook Casks - - - - N* - - 53,857 40 141

Soap and Candles - - - Boxes - 20,475

Ox Bows and Yokes - - - N" - - i,54o

House Frames - - - - NV- - 620

Iron , Tons - 399i

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Ordered, That the said Thomas IVxthy be discharged Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of from his Confinement in Newgate; and that Mr. the Members of the House. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Somerset lVithy, which was presented to the House upon Monday House, by His Majesty’s Command, House-

last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be An Estimate of the Sum wanted to carry on the again read. Works at Somerset House, for the Service of the Year

And the same was read accordingly. 17^4-

And the House being informed, That the said Thomas And the Title of thte said Estimate was read.

Withy, now under Confinement in His Majesty's The said Estimate is as followeth: viz.

Gaol of Navgate by Order of this House, is in a very ill State of Health, and that his Life is in Danger;

An

24 Geo. lit

Dock Yards.

Supply Bill; Horses.

Supply Bill; Printed Silb, &c.

22° J

Ad ESTIMATE of the Sums wanted for the Service of the Yea\r 1784, to pay the Arrears due to Tradesmen at Midsummer last, add to carry dri the necessary Works at the New Offices erecting on the Scite of Somerset House, under the Direction of Sir Wm Chambers, during the Remainder of the Year.

Wanted for Arrears due to different Tradesmen, for Works done before Midsummer last, exclusive of w hat remains of the Sums voted for preceding Years ..... 15,587 13 6

Wanted to pay for Finishings of the Navy, Stamp, and Salt Offices; also, towards Payment for the Finishings of the Sick and Hurt, Navy Pay, Victualling, Auditors of Imprests, Pipe, Treasurers Remembrancers, Tax, Surveyor of Crown Lands, and Dutchies of Cornwall and Lancaster Offices, and towards carrying on sundry other Works begun in the Course of the last Year - -- 9,412 6 6

Total . - - £s. 25,000

Somerset Elace, July 17th, 1784*

William Chambers.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying additional Duties on Silks, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Importation, of Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with, Cotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Foreign Parts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 40.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Trade with List of the Ships and Vessels cleared out to America America, from London, and the other Ports of Great Britain, and likewise a List of the Ships and Vessels entered Inwards to the said Ports from America, particularizing at each Port the Number of Tons, and Number of Men, from 24th March 1783 to 24th March

1784.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Houses of Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Correction, jesty, intituled, "An Act for theamending and rendering " more effectual the Laws in being relative to Houses " of Correction," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be^ given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas w ent forth.

Tellers for the Ye.s,|g?r Harford Hm} 53-

Tellers for the } 14.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert and Sir Harbord Harbord do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Bricks, granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbei't took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which the*y had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

e The

Prevention of Smuggling.

Colchester

Election.

368

22° Julii.

A. 1784.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill.for the move effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr* Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Christopher Potter, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the Election of a Representative to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Colchester*, which came on the 12th Day of July 1784, on a Vacancy occasioned by a Decision of a Committee of this House, determining a former Election of the Petitioner to be void, the Petitioner and Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, were Candidates, and the said Sir Robert Smyth has been returned as duly elected; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth had not, at the Time of the said Election, such an Estate in Law or Equity for his own Use and Benefit, of and in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected and returned to serve as a Member for the said Borough, according to the Law in that Behalf made and provided, and the said Sir Robert Smyth was not capable to be elected and returned to $erve as a Member for the said Borough; and that the Said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents and Friends, after the said Vacancy was declared, and before and during the said Election, was guilty of many notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and did, under Pretence of paying the Voters for their Expences in going from London and other Places to vote at the said Election, bribe many of the Electors who voted for him, and by Threats, Menaces, and other illegal Practices, endeavoured to intimidate the Voters from voting for the Petitioner, in Violation of the Freedom of Election, and did thereby procure many to vote for him, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and that several of the Inhabitants and Electors for the said Borough of Colckcstej', and other Persons who acted as Agents for Sir Robert Smyth, threatened and menaced, and bribed, and attempted to bribe, great Numbers of the Electors, to induce them to vote for the said Sir Robert Smyth, and made Use of many other illegal Practices and undue Means and Influence to intimidate the Voters from voting for the Petitioner, and did thereby procure many to vote for the said Sir Robert Smyth, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents and Friends, and at his Charge, and by other Ways and Means, did, after the said Vacancy was declared, and before and during the said Election, give, present, and allow, to divers Persons having Voice or Vote in the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and Entertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, Rewards, and Entertainments, to and for several Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and to and for the Use, Advantage, Benefit, Profit, and Preferment, of such Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and for those Purposes did open Houses of Entertainment in the said Borough and elsewhere, wherein great Numbevs of the Voters were treated, entertained, and practised with, from the Time of the said Borough becoming vacant as aforesaid until the Election was over, and, by the Means aforesaid, the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents and Friends, did endeavour to induce, and dirt induce, a great Number of the Electors for the said Borough to vote for him the said Sir Robert Smyth at the said, Election, in open Violation of the Law, and against the Privileges of Parliament; and that William Seaber, Esquire, though Mayor of the said Borough, and presiding as the Returning Officer at the said Election, was an avowed Agent of the said Sir Robert Smyth, and conducted himself in a most arbitrary, unjust, and illegal Manner, previous to and at the said Election, in neglecting and refusing to summon the Parish Officers to attend with their Books, though an Application had been made to him, and he had been pgid a sufficient Sum of Money for that Purpose, and in appointing Polling Clerks, who were most absolutely in the Interest of Sir Robert Smyth, and who partially and corruptly took down, in the Mayor’s Poll Book, the Votes of divers Persons, as given for the said Sir Robert Smyth, who severally voted at the said Election for the Petitioner; and that, during the Poll, the said William Seaber did behave himself with marked and continued Partiality and Preference towards the said Sir Robej't Smyth, and did illegally and arbitrarily admit a great Number of Voters, who had no Right to vote, nor were qualified, in any Manner, to give their Votes at such Election for the said Sir Robert Smyth, and did wilfully and knowingly reject many Voters, who were duly qualified to vote, and who tendered their Votes in favour of the Petitioner, and did, by a Variety of other undue and illegal Devices, attempt to procure a fraudulent and colourable Majority for the said Sir Robert Smyth, and did, against the earnest and continued Remonstrances of the Petitioner and his Counsel, admit, without proper and sufficient Enquiry, all Persons to vote for Sir Robert Smyth, and did discourage all Enquiry into the Disqualifications of those who tendered their Votes for the said Sir Robert Smyth; and, from the Threats and Declarations used by the said Returning Officer against the Freemen of the said Borough, and by the Violence and Threats of a numerous and outrageous Mob, in the Interest of Sir Robej't Smyth, who got Possession of the Hustings at the Beginning of, and infested them throughout the Poll, many of the legal Voters of the said Borough were intimidated and hindered from exercising their Franchises; and that a Peer and Lord of Parliament had, by himself, and by Samuel Eirnezv, Esquire, his Agent, and others, interfered in the Election, by publicly canvassing and soliciting Votes in Behalf of Sir Robert Smyth, and by using Threats to intimidate Freemen from voting for the Petitioner, in Violation of the Privileges of the House, and the Freedom of Election, and to the Infringement of the Rights of the Commons of Gj'eat Britain; and, in consequence of such unwarrantable Practices, and by the partial, arbitrary, and illegal Conduct of Ivilliam Seaber, Esquire, the Returning Officer, a colourable Majority of Votes has been obtained for the said Sir Robert Smyth, under which the said Returning Officer has endeavoured to protect himself for the illegal Return which he has made of the said Sir Robert Smyth, to the great Injury of the Petitioner, who had a clear Majority of legal and uncornipted Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough, and in Subversion of the true and sacred Rights of Election, and of the Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 7th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the loth and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s

Reign,

Supply Bill;

Excise

Licences.

Tugby

Inclosure.

nekton

uclosure.

tto.

24 Geo. III. 220 — 230 369

Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 23° die Julii;

Anno 240 Georgii III*" Regis, 1784. Prayers.

MR. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fouhd the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the He use.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lock-ton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Township., and Manor of Lockton, and in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, the Petitioners find, from the Votes, that a Petition has beep presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing all or certain Parts of the several. Town Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the said Township Vol. 40.

and Manor; and alledging, that the major Part of the said Town Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are of a barren Quality, particularly the Commons and Waste Grounds, which consist chiefly of Moor, so mountainous as not to be cultivated for Com without an Expence exceeding the Improvement; and that many of the Petitioners keep considerable Flocks of.

Sheep, which are found to be more profitable than any other Stock, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners must be wholly deprived of the Benefit of.keeping such Flocks of Sheep; and that the said Town Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, being of the Quality and Situation aforesaid, are not worth the Expence which must ^ttend passing the Act, and inclosing and cultivating the Lands, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend their Rights and Properties will be greatly injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all, who come to the said Committee, have Voices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Lead exported from exported England in the Years 1772, 1773, and ^774; and also, for the Years 1780, 1781, and 1782; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Postage of Account of the Postage of Letters from London to Letters, all Parts of England, for One Year, ending 5th April

1784.

The House being informed that Mr. Fauquier, Ac- Ditto, countant General to the Post Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Postage of Letters from London to all Parts of England, and the Mpney received for Letters Inwards at London from Great Britain and Ireland, and all other Parts (Foreign Letters excepted); and for the Amount of Postage of the Bye and Cross Road Letters, for One Year, ended the 5th of April 1784; and the Amount also of Postage from London to Edinburgh, for One Year, ended 5th April 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Lead the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the exported. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Lead exported 5 B from

Ale Licence Duty.

Ditto.

East India Company.

Supply.

37°

230 Julii. A. 1784.

from England in the Years 1772,4773> *& '774; and also; for the Years 1780, 1781, and 1782; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number and Amount of the Ale Licence Duty, for the Three last Years; distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the par, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number and Amount of the Ale Licence Duty, for the Three last Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the East India Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty’s Civil Government, and the Charge of the same for One Year, from the 5th Day of April 1783 to the 5th Day of April 1784 (including the Sum of £.50,000, applied to cancel Exchequer Bills, made out on Credit of the Civil List Revenues) with the Difference between the said Estimate and the Charge in the above Period, and also distinguishing the Charge in each Quarter, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ftirther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sheffield, &c. Act for altering and amending an Act of the Thir- plated teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- DufactMrek tuled, " An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay- .

" Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns " of Sheffield and Birmingham," so far as relates to the said Town of Sheffield; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Launceston Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act Poor-of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and " Employment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise Launceston, and Parish of Saint Mary " Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall" and for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common Lands within the Borough in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wadsley for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of Common or Inclosure. Waste Ground, called Loxley Chace, lying Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of JVadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne Inclosures within the said Manor of JVadsley, all within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ecclesfield, for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste IncI°* Grounds within the Manor and Township of Ecclesfield, sure* and the several Soakes or Districts of Southey and Gren-nojirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Goodhart; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Assays at Account of the Quantity of Gold and Silver assayed and Goldsmith* marked at Goldsmiths Hall, London, during the last Ten Ha,i* Years; distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed, that Mr, Reynolds, Clerk Ditto, to the Goldsmiths Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Gold and Silver assayed and marked at Goldsmiths Hall, London, during the last Ten Years; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wayiand to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*.

3 to

Prevention of Smuggling.

Supply Bill; flats.

Supply Bill; Bricks, &c.

Egerton's

Estate.

34 Geo. III. 23 — 16°

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And die said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Law s made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Hats made or manufactured in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into the same.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 26° die Julii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIItB Regis, 1784. Prayers.

MR. JVUbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Ix)rds, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees named in the W’ill of Samuel Egerton, Esquire, deceased, to make leases of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised; and for vesting Part of the Timber on certain Other Parts of the devised Estates in Trustees to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true^ and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. JVUbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same;, without any Amendment.

Vo U 40.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for investing the Estates late of Thomas Barbw, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged upon and affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Gilbert, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tugby, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, and for preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom Dutyfree, vras read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool, and British Coney W ool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, and for preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom Duty-free.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for expediting the Sale of the Estates in " Scotland\ belonging to the York Buildings Company, " for the Relief of their Creditors," in order to have the unsatisfied Purchase Money of the several Estates distributed among the several Creditors, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, subject to certain Restrictions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunter Blair, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and

0 ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of his

Museum

Barlow's

Estate.

Tugby

Inclosurd.

Export Hare Skins, &c.

York Building Company’s Estates.

Kingswinford

Inclosure.

Dudley

Inclosure.

Lever's

Miueum.

Wadsley

Inclosure.

IUckney

Coaches.

37 2 26° Julii. A. 1784.

Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by Way for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and of Chance; 4without any Amendment. were then agreed to by the House, That they do make

And then the Messengers withdrew. Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills,

for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament The House proceeded to take into Consideration relating to Hackney Coaches, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill intituled,

An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Bill, Commou or Waste Ground, called Loxley Chace, lying a Bill for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches; ^krte.v Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parlia- oac 68 Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or ment relating to Hackney Coaches: And the same was Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne received; and read the First Time.

Inclosures within the said Manor of Wadsley, all within Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Supply.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was followeth; viz. referred to consider further of the Supply granted to

Pr. 34. 1. 34. After " Manor" insert " Provided His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee " always, That no such Exchange had directed him to report to the House; which he €C or Exchanges as aforesaid shall read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the " be made by the Vicar of Eccles- Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as " field aforesaid, or the Curate of followeth; viz.

" the Chapelry of Bradfield afore- Resolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" said for the Time being, with- That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, be " out the Consent and Approba- granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to distion of the Lord Archbishop of charge the Debt contracted on His Civil List, and to " York for the Time being." defray the further Expences thereof.

Pr. 48. 1. 13. After " only" insert " except the The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

" Vicar of the Parish Church of was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the " Ecclesfield aforesaid, and the Cu- House.

" rate of the Chapelry of Brad-

" field aforesaid for the Time be- Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways and " ing." Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which agreed to by the House. the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord- are as followeth; viz.

ships. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six Pence per Ounce be laid upon all The House proceeded to take into Consideration Silver Plate, to be paid at the Time such Plate shall be the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill inti- assayed.

tilled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Com- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

mons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and That a Duty of Eight Shillings per Ounce be laid upon Township of Ecclesfield, and the several Soakes or nil Gold Plate, to be paid at the Time such Plate shall Districts of Southey and Grennofirth, within the Parish be assayed.

of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

York. That the Sum of Ten Shillings and Six Pence be

And the said Amendments were read; and are as paid for every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or followeth; viz. Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed,

Pr. 49. 1. 16. After " made" insert "Provided written, or printed, any Licence for selling Ale, Beer,

" that no Exchange or Exchanges or other Exciseable Liquors, by Retail in Great Brias aforesaid shall be made by the tain, over and above all other Duties chargeable <c Vicar of Ecclesfield aforesaid for thereupon.

" the Time being, without the Resolved, T,hat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

v " Consent and Approbation of the That every Person in Great Britain, qualified in reLord Archbishop of Yoj'k for spect to Property to kill Game, shall, previous to their " the Time being." shooting at, killing, taking, or destroying any Game,

Pr. 52. 1. 14. After " only" insert " except the register their Qualifications, if in England, with the " Vicar of the Parish Church of Clerk of the Peace of the County, if in Scotland,

" Ecclesfield aforesaid for the Time with the Sheriff Depute of the County where the u being. Lands shall be^ and Annually take out Certificates

The said Amendments being severally read a Second thereof.

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, agreed to by the House. That for every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate Annually

the. Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath issued to any Person qualified in respect of Property

agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord- to kill Game, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed,

ships. there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Two Pounds

Two Shillings.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, men' who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, That every Deputation or Appointment of a Game-or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon keeper, granted to any Person (not qualified in respect Thursday the First Day of this Instant July, were re- of his Property) by any Lord or Lady of a Manor, shall ported from the Committed of the whole House, to be registered, if in England, with the Clerk of the Peace whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for the County, and if in Scotland, with the Sheriff Depute

GOO^le

24 Geo. III. a6® Julii.373'

Depute of the County in which the Manor shall be, and the Gamekeeper so appointed shall Annually take out a Certificate thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate Annually issued to any Person acting as a Game-keeper (not qualified in respect of his Property) under any Deputation or Appointment, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be paid a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a. Duty of One Pound One Shilling be laid upon every Twenty hundredweight of Lead, cast or uncast, exported from this Kingdom, over and above all other Duties chargeable thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to all other Rates and Duties now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter, conveyed or carried by the Post, not exceeding One w hole Post Stage from the Office where ' such Letter may be put in, within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, the Sum of One Penny; for every Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to all other Rates and Duties now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within that Part of Great Britain called England, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter, conveyed or carried by the Post above One Post Stage, and not exceeding Two Post Stages -from the Office where such Letter may be put m, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Sum of One Penny; for every Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to all other Rates and Duties now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within that Part of Great Britain called England, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter, conveyed or carried by the Post above Two Post Stages, and not exceeding Eighty English Miles distant from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called England', the Sum of One Penny; for every Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to all other Rates and Duties now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post above Eighty EnglisK^lWea, and not exceeding One hundred and Fifty English Miles, distant from the Office where such Letter may Vo l. 40.

be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Ways and Great Britain called England, the Sum of One Penny; Means, for every Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to all other Rates and Duties now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post above One hundred and Fifty English Miles distant from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Sum of Two Pence; for every Double Letter Four Pence; for every Treble Letter Six Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Eight Pence: and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to all other Rates and Duties now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post from the General Post Office in London unto the City of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or from thence to the said General Post Office in London, and to and from Dumfries, or Cockburnspeth, and between either of those Places and the said City of Edinburgh, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post from the General Post Office in the City of London unto the City of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or from thence to the said General Post Office in the said City of London, and to and from Dumfries or Cockburnspeth, and between either of those Places and the said City of Edinburgh, the Sum of One Penny; for every Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to ^11 other Rates and Duties nowr payable for the Conveyance of Ixtters and Packets by the Post, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post above One Post Stage, and not exceeding Fifty English Miles distant from the Office where such

Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of One Penny; for every Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to all other Rates and Duties now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post above Fifty English Miles, and not exceeding Eighty English Miles, distant from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of One Penny; for every 5 C Double

374

26° Julii.

A. 1784.

Double Letter Two Pence; for every Treble Letter Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Corn Three Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Four Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from Distll,e7-

1 4* _ I - a. L Ilf I /vvm 1 1 I a ' «« X 4>V> Ki-K AX

Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to all other Rates and Dudes now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Jackets by the Post, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter con-

the Corn Distillery in Great Britain, from the 5th of July 1763 to the 5th of July 1784, distinguishing the Produce of each Year; and also distinguishing what Part of it was paid by the Corn Distillery in Londoji, or within Twenty Miles thereof.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is Lockton concerned in the Dill for dividing, inclosing, and im- Inclo8ure proving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the

veyed or carried by the Post above Eighty English Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in

Miles, and not exceeding One hundred and Fifty English Miles, distant from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of One Penny; for every Double Letter Two Pence; for the North Riding of the County of York; which Bill was, upon Friday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty

-j 1 — — j - — - 7 — — y i — ' # *> ' j

every Treble Letter Three Pence; and for every having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill,

Ounce in Weight Four Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to His Majesty, in Addition to all other Rates and Duties now payable for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say) For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter conveyed or carried by the Post above One hundred and Fifty English Miles distant from the Office where such Letter may be put in, within that Part of the said Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of Two Pence; for every Double Letter Four Pence; for every Treble Letter Six Pence; and for every Ounce in Weight Eight Pence; and so in Proportion for every Packet of Writs, Deeds, or other Things.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid the Sum of One Pound One Shilling for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, entered to start or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, the said Sum of One Pound

One Shilling to be paid every Time that such Horse, being read a Second Time; Mare, or Gelding, shall be entered to start or run as aforesaid; and that every Winning Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall also pay the additional Sum of Five Pounds Five Shillings for every Fifty Pounds of such Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, which such Horse,

Mare, or Gelding, shall so win, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Sum.

The Eighteen first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Resolution be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the Eighteen first Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Regulation of further Consideration the Report from the Committee East India of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better A wr8. Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies, was committed;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 91, 1. 6, were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 91, 1. 6, which was to insert " committed after the 1st Day of January 1785, in the " said Court of King’s Bench, whereupon the said " Court shall and may, at the Instance of the Prosecutor,"

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting before the Word " committed" the Words u which hath been or " shall be," and to leave out the Words " after the " 1st Day of January 178

And the Question being put, That the Words " which " hath been or shall be" be inserted before the Word t( committed;"

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being Severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill/ de-

claring, That the Commanders in Chief at the Pre- Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward sidencies shall not succeed to the Office of Governor

James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mt. Attorney General, Mr, General, or President, of Fort William, Fort Saint

Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rfise, do prepare, George, or Bombay, but in the Cases therein men-and bring in, the same. tioped.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Melasses Ordered, That there be kid before this House, an Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be

Distillery. Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the made Part of the Bui.

Melasses Distillery in Great Britain, from the 5th of Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, July 1763 *° the 5th of July 1784, distinguishing the for enabling the Court of Directors to make Provi-Produoeof each Year; and also distinguishing what Part sional Appointments of Governors General, or Presi-of it was paid by the Melasses Distillery in London, or dents, and Commanders in Chief, at Fart Saint George, within Twenty Miles thereof, or Bombay.

1 And

1

24 Geo. III. 0 — 2

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that when the Number of Members of the Councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, shall be reduced to Two, the Senior Civil Servant shall he called to Council.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were mode, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Horses. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable;

Resobed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

7° Julii. 37s

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Hats made or manufactured in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into the same;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Bucks, &c. Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same, was committed, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Mortis, 27° die Julii;

Anno 240 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1784*

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Printed Silks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, &c* upon the Bill for laying additional Duties on Silks,

Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Importation of Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with, Cotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Foreign Parts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Prevention of The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Smuggling. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House Means. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Prevention of The Order of the Day being read, for the House Smuggling, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties;

Resobed, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Goodhart's Act for naturalizing Emajtuel Goodhart, was read Nat* a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hogkton, Mr. James Luttrell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting certain Lands, Tens- Dock Yards, ments, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Deoon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. James Luttrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Bricks, &c. for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Supply Bill 5 The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ordered\ That the Bffl, with the Amendments, be

Hati. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ingrossed.

Vol. 40. A Bill

37 6

27° Juki.

A. 1784.

Supply Bill; A Bill for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coa^he? Coaches; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Prize Bounty. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty's Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty, for taking the French Frigate* called L’Amazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy;

Ordered, That the Report which, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Elliot Salter, late Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, of 36 Guns, and 255 Men, in Behalf of himself, her Officers, and Ship’s Company, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Licences *° res0^ve ^to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

East India' Company.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the East India Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company, be now read.

And the said Order bein<* read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Means*nd Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the last Resolution which was Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

SmuRgUng.0^ Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention

of Smuggling in this Kingdom was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next

Ordered, That Leave be given* to bring in a Bill Trade with for further continuing for a Time to be limited, an Americ*' Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required " from Ships belonging to the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said " United States:" And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Samuel Tyssen, Esquire, was delivered Colchester in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at Election* the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, which was had on the 12th and 13th Days of July 1784, on a Vacancy occasioned by a Committee of this House having determined a former Election of Christopher Potter, Esquire, to be void, Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, the said Christopher Potter, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that after the said Vacancy happened, and previous to and during the Time of the said Election, the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, was guilty of many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, by giving divers large Sums of Money to the Electors of the said Borough, and by corruptly promising to the said Electors, or some of them, large Presents, Gifts, Advantages, and Rewards, on Condition that they the said Electors would vote in the said Election for him the said Sir Robert Smyth; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, did, after the said Borough became vacant as aforesaid, and before and during the said Election, at the Charge of him the said Sir Robert Smyth, give, present, and allow, to divers Persons, having Voice or Vote in the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and Entertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, Rewards, Advantages, and Entertainments, to and for several Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and to and for the Use, Advantage,

Benefit, Profit, and Preferment, of such Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure him the said Sir Robert Smyth to be elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself his Agents, Friends, and Managers, by many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and by many other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, did corruptly and illegally procure a great Number of the Electors of the said Borough to vote for him the said Sir Robert Smyth at the said Election; and, by means of those and other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, the said Sir Robert Smyth did influence, obtain, and procure, a Majority of corrupt Votes over the Petitioner, and was returned as a Burgess duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester; whereas, if such corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices had not been used, the Petitioner would have had a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, and would have been returned a Member to $erve in Parliament for the said Borough: And

therefore

24 Geo. III. 27’ — a8° Julii.

377

therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that Justice may be done therein.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors in the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester, which was had on the 12th and 13th Days of July i *84, on a Vacancy occasioned by a Committee of this House having determined a former Election of Christopher Pottei\ Esquire, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to be void, Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, the said Christopher Potter, Esquire, and Samuel Tyssen, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents, and Managers, after the said Vacancy happened, and before and during the said Election, was guilty of many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and did actually bribe a great Number of the Electors of the said Borough, by giving divers large Sums of Money to many of the Electors of the said Borough, and' by corruptly promising to the said Electors, or some of them, large Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and Advantages, in order to induce them to vote for the said Sir Robert Smyth in the said Election; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself and his Agents and Friends, and at the Charge of him the said Sir Robert Smyth, did, after the aforesaid Vacancy of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and before and during the said Election, give, present, and allow to many Persons, having Voice or Vote in the said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and Entertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, Advantages, Rewards, and Entertainments to and for several Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and to and for the Use, Advantage, Benefit, Profit, and Preferment of such Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure him the said Sir Robert Smyth to be elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents and Managers, by many notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and by many other illegal and unwarrantable Acts, did, corruptly and illegally, procure a great many of the Electors of the said Borough to vote for him the said Sir Robert Smyth at the said Election, who would not otherwise have voted for him; and by Means of those and other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, the said Sir Robert Smyth did influence, obtain, and procure a Majority of corrupt Votes, and was thereby returned as a Burgess duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester, contrary to Law* in Violation of the Freedom of Elections, and to the great and manifest injury of the Petitioners and the rest of the uncorrupted Voters of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that Justice may be done therein.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 7 th Day of December next, at the same Time that the Petition of Christopher Potter, Esquire, is ordered to be taken iuto Consideration.

Memorandum .*

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the loth and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Von. 40.

Petitions were Ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speakfer do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Thutewith House, according to Order, a Bill for further conti- America, nuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to " the United States of America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the bettercarrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inha-41 bitants of the said United States :w And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House) according to Supply Bill) Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional B«CT Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Liccnces# Exciseable Liquors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28* die Julii;

Anno 24° Georgii IIltu Regis, 1784*

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter Radnor, &c.

and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Roads* Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford-, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several ftoads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New Malton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ# the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the Borough of New Malton, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Thomas Gascoigne, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s

28" Julii.

A. 1784.

Three Chiltern hundreds bf Stoker t)esbot&ughy and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr*

fypys:

Mr. Speaker,

Oak Bark, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An *c* Act to revive and continue an Act, made in' the

Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering: tihe Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time; and for extending several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Manufacture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

Supply Bill; Tfe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Paper, &c. for laying additional Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards; and for explaining certain Doubts respecting the Duties imposed by

Sn Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Mill-<c boards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and " for granting other Duties in lieu thereofwithout any Amendment: And also.

Estate^ The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by the tyi\\ of the late Sir William Rowley to apply Part of the Trust Monies in re-building the Mansion House called Tendring-Hall, and Offices, in the County of Suffolk; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

‘ And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Goodhart’s Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to Nau whom the ingroSsed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Goodkart, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the . Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 'fable.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

u for preventing certain Instruments from being required?

€€ from Ships belonging to the United States of America;

" and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain

Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce " between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions " and the Inhabitants of the said United States," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they bad directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to House of Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in Correction, the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, M An Act for the amending, and u rendering more effectual, the Laws in being, relative to Houses of Correction And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Raw and Account of the Quantities of Raw and Thrown Silk Thrown Silk exported from England, from Christmas 1780 to Christ- exporte mas 1783; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto, im-Account of the Quantities of Raw and Thrown Silk ported, imported into England, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Cotton Wool Account of the Quantities of Cotton Wool imported into England, from Christmas 1781 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year.

County Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Gaols. the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, <l An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties," and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had

§one through the Bill, and made several Amendments hereunto, which they had directed him to report to die House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of die Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Trade with Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

America. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of ‘die Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

9

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing, for a Time Trade with to be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-third America. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United " States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for of a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabit " tants of the said United States," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required " from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, u certain Powers for the better carrying'on Trade and " Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s <# Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States."

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

i4 Geo. Ill, i8°

Accounts The House being informed that Mr. Tomkynsy from presented. the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Imports awl An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Exports. Merchandize, exported from, and imported into, that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 17 & 2 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Place: And also.

Raw and An Account of the Quantities of Raw and Thrown Thrown Silk. Silk exported from England, from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year: And also* An Account of the Quantities of Raw and Thrown Silk imported into England\ from Christmas 1780 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year: And also, Cotton Wool An Account of the Quantities of Cotton Wool imported into England, from Christmas 1781 to Christmas 1783; extinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the First of the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Accounts Ordered, That the Three other of the said Accounts

referred. be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Dalrymples A Petition of Alexander Dalrymple was presented Petition. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner was appointed by the East India Company a Writer on the Madras Establishment, went thither in 1752, and was employed in the Company’s Service for many Years in various Offices and Stations, during which Time his Diligence and Integrity were unimpeached; and that the Petitioner returned to Madras in 1775, as a Member of the Administration, and, at the Desire of Lord Pigotr and those Members of his Council who supported his Lordship, came to England in 1777, to bring to the East India Company the Account of that Subversion of the legal Government, by Imprisonment of the Governor, which has drawn down on this Kingdom so many Calamities in India; and, the General Court of Proprietors having resolved that all the Members of the Madras Council should be called Home, in order that their Conduct should be inquired into, the Petitioner remained in England; and that, in April 1779, the Court of Directors determined to employ the Petitioner in England, to examine the Ships Journals, and to publish, from Time to Time, such Charts and other Documents, as might be conducive to the Safety and Advantage of Navigaf tion, probationary for a Year, with Intention of continuing the Petitioner on that Work in England, who accepted of the said Employment on express Condition, " that doing tins should by no Means be construed to invalidate his Pretensions on the Madras " Establishment; " and that the Court of Directors, having found no Part reprehensible of the Conduct of Messieurs Russell, Dalrymple, Stone, and Latham, the Members of the Council at Madras who supported Lord Pigot, determined, on the 24th of May 1780, that they should be again employed in the Company’s Service, and, thinking that the Petitioner could be more usefully employed in England than in India, on the tath of July 1780, unanimously resolved to continue , him in the Work on which he was then engaged, upon certain Conditions, which the Petitioner accepted expressly in Confidence that his Pretensions to the Company’s Service Abroad should not be forfeited by being for the present usefully employed at Home by the Company, in case the Petitioner should wish hereafter to return to his Station in India; and that, on Vol. 40.

Julii. 379

die 25th of January 1781, the Court of Directors appointed Mr. Russell to the Chiefship of Vizagapatam> and the Petitioners Juniors, Messieurs Stone and Latham, to the Chiefships of Gaitjam and Cuddalore, the Petitioner remaining in England employed by the Company on the moderate Gratuity of £.500 per Annum; and that the Petitioner had the Honour to be consulted by the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors on divers Occasions during the War, concerning the Passages of the Company’s Ships, and in some Degree contributed to their Safety, in which the Public Interest was essentially concerned; and that the Petitioner has already, in Execution of the Trust reposed in him by the Court of Directors in 1779, published Two hundred and Twelve Copper Plates relative to the Navigation of India, besides various Nautical Tracts, arid has made great Progress in his Collections towards a complete set of Charts and Nautical Instructions for that very important Part of our Navigation, which public salutary Purpose would have been prevented, and would now be defeated, by the Petitioner’s Return to his Station on the Madras Establishment; and that the Petitioner conceives, that a Clause in the Bill now depending for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, would be a great Injury to him, by placing him on the same Footing*with dismissed Culprits, or Men who, having forfeited the Company’s Service by Resignation, have no Claim of Right grounded on Public Faith, but can only return to India by special Favour, or through Compassion; whereas the Petitioner, in case the Objects of the Trust in which he is now engaged should be fulfilled, or he be desirous of returning Abroad, has the same Right to return to India, in the Company’s Service, as any Servant of the Company now in India has to remain in their Service, and he cannot but think it would be great Injustice to deprive him of his Right, because he has been found capable and willing to serve the Public; and the Petitioner conceives that an Act, intended to secure the Rights of the Indians, cannot intentionally do Injustice to an Individual in this Country, at the End of more than Thirty Years faithful Service:

And therefore praying, That he may not suffer for serving the Public disinterestedly, but that an Exception may be made in the Bill in Favour of his just Pretensions to return to India hereafter, in case his Services should not be wanted in England,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies, be read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hackney upon the Bill for laying an additional Duty on Hack- Coaches, ney Coaches; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis’ of Graham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Aniendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered,

8o 28° — 3

Transpor- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tation of for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other

Felons. Offenders, and to reduce the several Statutes concerning Transportation Into one Act of Parliament; to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do . prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ways and Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, foe the House

Means. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

East India A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Aflairs. posed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the principal Facts stated in the Reports of the Select Committee, and the Committee of Secrecy, on Indian Affairs, so far as the same relate to the State of the Natives, and the Conduct of those, w hether at Home or Abroad, who have been intrusted with the Concerns of this Kingdom in The East Indies;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy mid effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that there be laid before both Houses of Parliament, and the Court of Proprietors, a Copy of the Annual Account of the , Debts, Credits, and Effects of the Company.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Duration of the Act.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies.

Julii. 1784.

Ordered, That Mt. llenry Duiidas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hor*s* House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* Preventing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Smuggling. House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Twelve of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Veneris, 30° die Julii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr, Eames and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Trade with Act for further continuing, for a limited time, an Act America, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, %i An Act for preventing u certain Instruments from being required from Ships " belonging to the United States of America; and to " give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain " Powers fqjr the better carrying on Trade and Coramerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Exporting Act for the Preservation and Encouragement of the Hare Skins, Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or untawed British Coney Skins, and for preventing any of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom, Duty-free; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Com- port^and mittee, to whom the Bill for extending, amending, Clyde N&-and altering the Powers of an Act, made'in the Eighth Ration. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable.

" Cut or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at " or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde.

" at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the " County of Dumbarton, and also a Collateral Cut " from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication,

" fro^ri the Port and Harbour of Bori'owstounness, to " join the said Canal at or near the Place where it " will fall into the Firth of Forth," was committed;

' That

24 Geo. III. . 30" Julii. 381

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made a certain Rate, for a limited Time; and for extending several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- several Acts of Parliament, relative to the Manufac-rected him to report to the House; and he read the ture of Leather, to that Part of Great Britain called Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Scotland.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, the Amendments were Once read throughout; and an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for pre-Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by " venting certain Instruments from being required the House. " from Ships belonging to the United States of Arne-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " rica; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited

ingrossed. " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on

" Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His County Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said

Gaols. further Consideration the Report which was made " United States."

from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and An Act for the Preservation and Encouragement of amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth the Hat Manufactory within this Realm, by preventing Years of the Reign of King William die Third, inti- the Exportation of British Hare Skins, British Hare tuled, " An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build Wool, and British Coney Wool, and all undressed or " and repair Gaols in their respective Counties," and untawed British Coney Skins, and for preventing any for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, of the said Skins from being stained or dyed; and for be now read. the Importation of Goats Hair into this Kingdom,

And the said Order being read accordingly; Duty-free.

Ord&'ed\ That the said Report be taken into further An Act to discontinue the Petty Custom on Aliens Consideration upon Monday Morning next. Goods imported into Great Britain, and the Duty of

One per Centum on Goods exported to, or imported Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty from. The Mediterranean Seas, in unqualified Ships; B?er upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Excise- and for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the

Licences* abie UqUors> was rea(j a Second Time. Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. enacts that no Part of the Old Subsidy shall be drawn

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee back upon Goods exported to the British Colonies or

of the whole House. Plantations in America.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- An Act for enabling Sir Ashton Lever to dispose of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole his Museum, as now exhibited at Leicester House, by House, upon the said Bill. Way of Chance.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Royal Assent A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman an Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his

to Bills. Usher of the Black Rod: late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief

Mr. Speaker, " and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s " Dunheved, otherwise Launceston, and Parish of Saint

Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several " Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall;" and

Acts agreed unto by both Houses, do desire the imme- for vesting the Aftermowth of certain Common Lands

diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the within the Borough in Trustees, for the Purposes therein

House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. mentioned.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-to the House of Peers. sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for

And being returned; repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak, in

Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at Wtorsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine

the House of Peers, where a Commission under the of Lancaster; for making more effectual Provision Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, for repairing and widening the said Roads; and also for the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal called South Sea in Pendkbury, to Agecroft Bridge, and Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Britain' the Lord President of the Council, and several Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County, other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent An Act for altering and amending an Act of the to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great intituled, "An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Britain, and the Lord Osborne, named also in the said " Masters for assaying Wrought Plate in the Towns of Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the " Sheffield and Birminghamso tar as relates to the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as said Town of Sheffield.

followeth; viz. An Act for replacing the Sum of Five thousand Five

An Act for laying additional Duties upon Paper, hundred Pounds, raised by Sale of Six thousand Two Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards; and for ex- hundred and Six Pounds Four Shillings, Three per plaining certain Doubts respecting the Duties imposed Centum Consolidated Annuities, Part of Seventeen by an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of His present thousand Pounds, like Annuities, mentioned in the Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Marriage Settlement of John Dalrymple, Esquire, and present Duties upon Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Eleanor his Wife, and applied in the Purchase ot cer-‘ and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for tain Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estates, in the

4 granting other Duties in lieu thereof." County of Southampton; and for vesting such Estates in

An Act to revive and continue an Act, made in the Edward Morant, Esquire.

Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, An Act to enable the Trustees named in the Will of for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by Samuel Eger ton, Esquire, deceased, to make Leases of Vol, 40, ' 5 E certain

Supply Bill; Bricks, &c.

Supply Bill;

Hackney

Coaches.

Offices and Employments Indemnity

382 30 0 JuliLA. 1784.

certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised; and for vesting Part of the Timber on certain other Parts of the devised Estates in Trustees to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for dividing and allotting Part of the Town Fields, and the whole of the Town Green, of Ellington, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Lands, Commonable Woods, and Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a large Tract of Common or Waste Ground, called Loxlcy lying

Part within the Manor of Sheffield, and Part within the Manor of Wadsley, and also certain other Commons or Waste Grounds, and certain Common Fields and Mesne Inclosures, within the said Manor of , all

within tho-Parish of Ecdesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds- within the Manor and Township of Ecclesfield, and the several Soakes or Districts of Southey and Greimojirth, within the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Goodhart.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, ami for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbai, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures. of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that

Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Bills payable in the Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Transports, which were made out on or before the respective Days following; (that is to say) the 31st Day of August 1781, the 30th Day of November 1781, the 28th Day of February 1782, and the 30th Day of June 1782, who already have carried, or shall on or before the 31st Day of August 1784 carry, the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon, computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Office respectively) to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, shall have in Exchange for the same, from such Treasurer, or his Paymaster or Cashiter, a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for every entire Sum of One or more hundred Pounds, for which such Certificates are to be made forth, and also One other Certificate for the fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, being the Remainder of such Bill or Bills; and the Persons who shall be possessed of such first-ipentioned Certificates of the entire Sum of One or more hundred Pounds, shall, upon the Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, be entitled, in respect of the same, to the respective Sums following; (that is to say) to the Sum of £. 107. 105. 6 d. Capital Stock for each One hundred Pounds of such Bills, made out on or before the said 31st Day of August 1781; to the Sum of £. 106. 9o d.Capital Stock for each One hundred Pounds of such Bills, made out on or before the said 30th Day of November 1781; to the Sum of £. 105. 7 s.6 d. Capital Stock for each One hundred Pounds of such Bills, made out on or before the said 28th Day of February 1782; to the Sum of /. 104.

6 s. 0 d.Capital Stock for each One hundred Pounds of such Bills, made out on or before the said 30th Day of June 1782; the said respective Capital Stocks to be attended with Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of.

July 1784, payable Half Yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, the said Annuities to be irredeemable until Twenty-five Millions of the Public Debt, bearing Interest at the Rate of either £. 3 p Centum per Annum, or £ 4 Per Centum per Annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off; and the said Annuities to be charged upon a Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament, and for which the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security.

Resolved, That it is Opinion of this Committee,

That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Debentures payable out of His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, which were dated on or before the respective Days following; (that is to say) the 30th Day of November 1781, the 28th Day of Febmary 1782, and the 30th Day of June 1782, who already have carried, or shall on or before the 31st Day of August 1784 carry, the same to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, and shall have the Interest on such Debentures computed after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, from the Expiration of Fifteen Months from the Date thereof, to the 5th Day of July 1784, shall have -a Certificate for every One hundred Pounds.

2 contained

24 Geo. III. 30 JuliL3.83

contained in the Amount of the Principal and Interest of such Debentures, and also a Certificate for the fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, the first of the eald Certificates to be carried to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which such Persons shall be entitled, in respect of the same, to the respective Sums following; (that is to say) to the Sum of £. 107.00s. 6d. Capital Stock for each One hundred Pounds of such Debentures, made out on or before the said 30th Day of November 1781; to the Sum of £106. 9$. od. Capital Stock for each One hundred Pounds of such Debentures, made out on or before the said 28th Day of February 1782; to the Sum of

105. 7$. 6d. Capital Stock for each One hundred Pounds of such Debentures, made out on or before the said 30th Day of June 1782; the said respective Capital Stocks to be attended with Annuities, after the Rate of £. 5 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1784, payable Half Yearly, the said Annuities to be irredeemable until Twenty-five Millions of the Public Debt, bearing Interest at the Rate of either £. 3 per Centum per Annum, or £. 4 per Centum per Annum, shall have beeu redeemed and paid off; and the said Annuities to be charged upon a Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament, and for which the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons uttering or vending, by Retail, in Great Britain, any Hats commonly called or known by the Name of Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japan Hat, shall Annually takeout a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Licence granted to Persons uttering or vending by Retail, in Great Britain, any Hats commonly called Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japan Hat, Mho shall reside within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, there shall be charged a Duty of Forty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Licence granted to Persons uttering or vending by Retail any Hats commonly called Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japan Hat, who shall reside in any City or Market Town, other than the Cities of London and Westminster, or Borough of Southxoark, in the County of Surrey, there shall be charged a Duty of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Licence granted to Persons uttering or vending by Retail any Hats commonly called Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japan Hat, who shall reside in any other Part of Great Britain, not being a City or Market Town, there shall be charged a Duty of Ten Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any leather or Japan Hat, not exceeding the Price or Value of Four Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any Person or Persons taking out such Licences, there shall be charged a Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japan Hat, above the Price or Value of Four Shillings, and not exceeding the Price or Value of Seven Shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any Person or Persons taking out such Licences, there shall be charged a Duty of Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, or any Leather or Japan Hat, above the Price or Value of Seven Shillings, and not exceeding the Price or

Vol. 40.

Value of Twelve Shillings, which shall be uttered, Ways ana vended, or sold, by any Person or Persons taking out Means, such Licence, there shall be charged a Duty of One Shilling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for every Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hat, of any Leather or Japan Hat, exceecfing the Price or Value of Twelve shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold, by any Person or Persons taking out such Licence, there shall be charged a Duty of Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Three Shillings be laid upon the Importation into Great Britain of every Pound of Raw Silk, each Pound containing Twenty-four Ounces.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Two Shillings be laid upon the Importation into Great Britain of every Pound of Thrown Silk, each Pound containing Sixteen Ounces,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Duties shall also be subject and liable to the respective additional Duties of Five Pounds per Centum, and of Five Pounds per Centum, charged by Two Acts made in the Nineteenth and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be paid in Great Britain the further Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings for every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, entered to start or run for any Plate, Prize,

Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Letter or Packet, sent by the Post from any Place whatsoever within the Kingdom of Great Britain, directed by any Member of the House of Commons, ought to be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage according to the Rates established by the several Acts of Parliament now in Force, unless the whole Superscription upon every Letter or Packet so sent shall be of the Hand Writing of the Member directing the same, and shall have indorsed thereon the Name of such Member, together with the Name of the Post Town from which the same is intended to be sent, and the Day of the Month and Year w hen the same shall be to bp put into the Post Office, the Day of the Month to be in Words at Length, and the Whole to be of the Hand Writing of the Member; and that every such Letter or Packet shall be put into the General Post Office or other Post Office, or into any Receiving House or Place appointed by His Majesty’s Postmaster General for the Receipt of Letters and Packets, to be forw arded by the Post on the Day of the Date upon such Letter or Packet; and that no Letters or Packets directed to any Member of the House of Commons ought to be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage, unless such Letters and Packets as shall, during the Sitting of Parliament, or within Forty Days before or Forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation of the same, be directed to any such Member at the Place where lie shall actually be at the Time of the Delivery thereof, or at his usual Place of Residence in London, or at the Lobby of the House of Commons.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in,-upon the 1st and 2d of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr.

Aubrey, Mr, Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr.

3*4

30° J

A. 1784.

Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the 3d, 4th, 5th, . 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, and 10th of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the 11th, 12th, and 13th of the said Resolutions now agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made' payable, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the 14th of the said Resolutions.

Ord«r Ordered, That so much of the Order, made upon

discharged, the 1st Day of this Instant July, for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the Resolutions which were that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, as relates to Navy Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; and also, to the charging certain Duties upon Ribbands and Gauzes, be discharged.

Preacher Ordered\ That the Thanks of this House be given

thanked. to the Reverend Doctor George Prettyman, Prebendary of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House at Saint Margaret's, Westminster; and that lie be desired to print the same: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Wilberforce do acquaint him therewith.

And the Same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Ways and of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider Means-further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Duties payable upon Wax and Spermaceti Candles.

The House was moved, That the Report which, Transport* upon the 22d Day of March, in the last Session of tionLawa-Parliament, ivas made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Proceedings have been had in the Execution of an Act,* passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transporlation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment, of " certain Offenders," and to report the same to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Repoit, and the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Report which, Person* coupon the 1st Day of April 1779, was made from the victedof Committee who were appointed to consider the several Felomes* Returns which had been made to the Order of this House, of the 16th Day of December 1778, "That " there be laid before this House, an Account of Persons convicted of Felonies and Misdemeanors, and " now under Sentence of Imprisonment in the Gaols " and Houses of Correction in the City of London,

" and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Herts,

" Surrey, and Sussex, specifying their respective Crimes,

" the Time when, the Term, for which, and by what " Court, each Person has been imprisoned; together cc with an Account of the Allowance made for the " Maintenance of such Persons, and in what Manner " they are employed;" and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That an additional Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, for the Use of the Members of the House.

Payment* by 'the Bank.

Duties 011 Tea and Houses.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, A Petition of the ancient Subjects of the Crown of Government intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement Great Britain, residing in the Province of Quebec, was of Canada. " with the Governor and Company of the Bank of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That,

" England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions, after the Conquest of the Province of Canada, by the " towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One Arms of Great Britain, the Petitioners, by a Proclathousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," might be mation from His Majesty, made on the 7th Day of read. October 1763, received Invitation and Encouragement

And the same being read accordingly; from the Crown to quit their native Countries, and settle

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to and become established to reside in the new-acquired postpone the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, Province of Canada; and, the said Proclamation held advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank forth, and assured the Petitioners, that a Government of England towards the Supply for the Service of the and Constitution should be made and confirmed to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one: Petitioners and the Subjects of the Crown residing in And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, Quebec, similar to those of His Majesty’s Provinces in the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. America; and that the Petitioners, relying on the Pre-Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, rogative of the Crown to hold forth such Encourage- Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and ment, and to grant and confirm such a Government bring in, die same. in this Province as the Proclamation of His Majesty

promised to the Petitioners, they confiding in the Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Faith of the Crown, pledged by the said Proclama-House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the tion, did not hesitate to consider, and rest satisfied, several Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty that the Constitution, assured to the Petitioners and the other Duties in lieu thereof; and also, several addi- People of Canada, would be established under those tional Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and Considerations, they, from Time to Time, since issuing upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and the said Proclamation, have forsaken their native for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon; Countries, and transported themselves, their Families,

and

24 Geo. III. 30° Julii\ 385

and Possessions, to this Province, not in the diffident made to the System of Government which the Royal Government but the confident Belief of enjoying, in every Degree, Proclamation of 1763 hath promised to the Subjects of of Canada, the Benefit of those Laws, and that Freedom, Secu- the Crown of Great Britain who should thenafter and rity, and Comfort, in the Province of Quebec, which thereby be induced to reside in this Province; and, the Principles of the English Constitution afforded the Petitioners intreat, that such Alterations may in every Part of the Biitisk Dominions in America; be made and established by the Act of Parliament and that the Petitioners and the Inhabitants of the which may confirm to the People and Province of Province of Quebec, without a Murmur, chearfully, Quebec a Constitution and Government different from and on every Occasion, have acknowledged and obeyed the present.

the controlling Power of the Parliament of Great 1st. That the House of Representatives, or Assem-Britain to legislate over this its Colony; the Actions bly of the People, to be chosen by the Parishes, and the Conduct of the Petitioners, when truly repre- Towns, and Districts of the Province, eligible under sented, will best express the Sincerity of their Loyalty Qualifications similar to those established in the Royal and Attachment to the Crown and Government of Governments in America in 1763; and that the As-Great Britain; and, the Petitioners with Patience have scmbly may be renewed and re-elected every Three suffered, during a Period of Anarchy and War, rather Years.

than embarrass the Parliament with Remonstrances 2d. That the Legislative Council may consist oL a and Petitions at a Period w?hen the Safety of the Nation, greater Number of Members than Twelve, which, at and the Preservation of its Dominions, made sacred least may be the Majority requisite to carry the Vote every Moment of public Deliberation; and that the of any Measure before the Council; and that the Ap-Petitioners wish to forget, they forbear to animad- pointment of such Members may be during their Re* vert upon, the Constitution and the Government they sidence in the Province, and Life, yet subject to Tem-have lived under since the passing of the Quebec Bill, porary Leave of Absence as mentioned in the Eleventh whatever Reasons or Policy of State, whatever Idea of Article.

Necessity at that critical Period might have pressed 3d. That the Criminal Laws o{ England may be upon this People such an Act and Government, so continued as at present established by the Quebec contrary to the Growth, the Welfare, and Interest of a Act.

Commercial State, so adverse to the Liberty and the 4th. That the ancient Laws and Customs of the Happiness of the Petitioners and the Subjects of Great Country respecting Landed Estates, Marriage Settle-Britain in Quebec, so repugnant to the Royal Assurance ments, Inheritances, and Dower, be continued until of a limited and mixed Government, similar to the changed or altered by the Legislature of Quebec, save other British Colonies in America,. and in which the that Chvners may alienate by Will, as provided by the People legally qualified should participate; whatever Tenth Section of the Quebec Bill, such Necessities or Reasons of State might then be, 5th. That the Commercial Laws of England may the Petitioners presume, they can now no longer have be declared to be the Laws of this Province in Mat-Existence to support that Act, nor that any Considera- ters of Trade and Commerce; and that all Personal tion, adverse to the true Principles of the English Con- Actions may be tried by the Modes, and decided upon

stitution, will prevail with the Parliament of Great the Principles of the Common Law of England\

Britain to withhold from the Petitioners that Govern- until the same may be altered by the Legislature of x ment, that Liberty, Security, and Chmfort, that infinite Quebec.

Source of Prosperity and Happiness which, under 6th. That the Habeas Corpus Act of the Thirty-first the Royal Word, and Assurances of the Crown, have of Charles the Second, Chap. 2. be made Part of the been the Means to induce their Residence in the Constitutional Law of this Province, and that by a Province of Quebec: With the utmost Loyalty and perpetual Law of the British Legislature, subject how-Attachment to the Crown and Government of Great ever to Suspension by the Legislature of Quebec, if

Britain, the Petitioners approach this House of Com- need be.

mons, to intreat, from the Parliament of Great Britain, 7th. That Optional Juries may be granted on all a Repeal of the Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of Trials in Courts of original Jurisdiction; and that His Majesty, Chapter 83, making Provision for the Nine Members out of Twelve may in Civil Causes Government of this Province, and that an Act of return Verdicts, and be regularly ballotted for, and a Parliament may be passed for the Establishment of a Panel formed as in England\ either in the Cause of an Government in the Province of Quebec, formed to Ordinary or a Special Jury, at the Oplion of the Party move and exist upon the Principles which have raised applying for the same.

and supported the English Constitution: It is with 8th. That the Sheriffs be elected by the House of

Concern the Petitioners behold the Burthen of Great Assembly, and approved and commissioned by the,

Britain, and with great Pain and Commiseration they Governor at every Sitting of the Legislature; that they witness the infinite Distresses of the loyal Subjects of hold their Appointment during the Period elected for, the Crown, who, expelled from their native Country, and of their good Behaviour; that they find reasonable are daily taking Shelter, and seeking a poor and even Security for a faithful Discharge of their Trust and a painful Existence in this a British Colony: However Duty.

their Distresses may yet subdue their Petitions or their 9th. That no Officer of the Civil Government,

Claims, the Parliament of Great Britain will readily Judge, nor Minister of Justice, be suspended by the perceive, that a free Constitution, and a Government Governor nor Commander in Chief, for the Time be-similar or superior to that under which they had been ing, from the Honours, Duties, Salaries, or Emolu-born, had lived, and were happy, will be considered ments of his Appointment, but with the Advice and by those, the injured, the distressed Subjects of the Consent of His Majesty’s Council for the Affairs of the Crown, as the first Protection and Comfort which the Province, which Suspension shall not continue after Parliament and the Nation, in Relief to their Dis- the First Sitting of the Legislative Council, unless it be tresses, can now grant, and the more so as it will be approved by the same; the Cause of Complaint, if a Protection and a Blessing, not merely granted to approved, to be then after reported to His Majesty by them, but extended to their Children and Posterity; the said Governor and Legislative Council, for Hearing and that the Petitioners, persuaded that the Welfare, and Judgment thereon.

Happiness, and Prosperity of the People and Province 10th. That no Commission be granted by the Goof Quebec are Objects of the serious and benign Con- vernor, nor Commanded in Chief, for the Time being, sideration of Parliament, humbly presume td suggest, nor any Appointment made to a vacant Trust or Of-and ardently pray, that some Amendment may be fice, of what Nature soeyer, nor any new Office Vol. 40. ' 5 F created

386 30 0 JuliiA. 1784.

created, or Commission granted by the said Governor, but with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's said Council, to be approved by the Legislative Council, as in the preceding Article.

nth# That all Offices of Trust be executed by the Principal in the Appointment, unless from Leave of 'Absence from the Governor, with the Advice and Consent of the said Council, which Leave of Absence shall not extend to more than Twelve Months, nor be renewed by the Governor, but with the Approbation and Consent of the Legislative Council

12th. The Petitioners sensibly feel, that, were the most wise and fit Laws established among this People, yet their Welfare, their Security, and their Comfort, must entirely depend on a just and impartial Execution of such Laws: Whatever Constitution the Subjects of the Crown in the Province may obtain, the equal and true Administration of Justice must be the Basis of their Happiness; nor is it but with the utmost Fervency the Petitioners implore that the Seats of Justice may be filled by Men of Jurisprudent Learning, and whose Abilities at the same Time they are adequate may be so rewarded as to be confined to the Functions of administering Justice, and that their Appointment may be made to them to hold during their good Behaviour; that every Cause of Accusation to a Removal proceeding from the Governor shall follow the Rule laid down in the 9th Article, and every Accusation to a Removal on the Part of the Public, shall proceed from the House of Assembly, and be heard by the Legislative Council, which, if well founded, shall operate a Suspension, and in either Case be decided on Appeal and Report to His Majesty by the Lord Chancellor and Twelve Judges of England: The Ministers of Justice so appointed and protected must be a Comfort and Happiness to any Country or People, and the Parliament may be assured that the ancient Subjects of the Crown, in the Province of Quebec, will be ever ready to acknowledge with Gratitude its fostering Protection in granting such a fundamental Security to the Welfare and Happiness of this People.

13th. That Appeals from the Courts of Justice in this Province to the Crown may be made to a Board of Council, or Court of Appeals, composed of the Right Honourable the Lord Chancellor, and the Judges of the Courts of Westminster Hall.

Such are the Prayers and Intreaties of the Petitioners the loyal and affectionate Subjects of Great Britain residing in the Province of Quebec, that from the Wisdom, the Justice, and Bounty of the Crown and Parliament, they may obtain to this Province a Constitution and Government, a Quietude and Prosperity, that may call from the present People and Age their unceasing Acknowledgments and Gratitude, and the future to feel, as may the present, that the only Means of Happiness to the People and Province of Quebec is a Union and Submission to the Crown and the Government of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Means. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself, into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Steele also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hats, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Hats made or manufactured in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

The House was moved. That so much of the 5 th India Affain. Report which, upon the 18th Day of June 1782, was made from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, as contained certain Parts of the Evidence given by Major Scott before the said Committee, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Ditto, pies of all Letters, Instructions, or Minutes relative to the Seiznreof the Person of a Native of India, resident in the Country of Oude, called Almass All Khan, and for putting the said Native to Death.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Ditto, pies of all Letters relative to any Demand of Money, or Orders to take the same from the Mother and Grandmother of the Soubah of Oudc, since the 1st of January 1782.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Ditto, posed, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Sale of the Jewels and other Effects of the Mother and Grandmother of the Soubah of Oudc, together with the Account Sales;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, Supply Bill; for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the ^sted&c whole House, upon the Bill for laying additional Duties s’ on Silks, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Importation of Linen Cloths and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with, Cotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Foreign Parts;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Excise upon the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences ^lcences* to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in,

Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to East India resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company, upon the Bill for the Relief of the East India. Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

k Mr.

1

24 Geo. III.

3o° Julii. — 2°

387

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Prevention of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

mugging. wj10je j|ouse> j;0 whom the Bill for the more

effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom was re-committed, be received upon Monday Morning next. ♦

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Horses. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His M^esty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable. Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Prevention of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Smuggling. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lance, 2° die Augusti;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

PrixeBounty. A N ingrossed Bill for authorizing the Treasurer JljL of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty, for taking the French Frigate called LAmazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty, for taking the French Frigate called LAmazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of , War belonging to the Enemy.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

flow’s

late.

Mr. Wilbraham Bootle reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for investing the Estates late of Thomas Barlow, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees to be sold, to raise Money to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Legacies charged upon and affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Alle-Vol. 40.

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbraham Bootle do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for extending, amending, and al- Forth an<* tering the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An 8 " Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut,

" or Canal, from the Firth or River of Forth, at or " near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the Coun-" ty of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or " near a Place called Dulmuir Burnfoot, in the County u of Dumbarton; and also, a Collateral Cut from the " same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the " Port and Harbour of Borrowstoumess, to join the " said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into <c the Firth of Forth," was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 38. After u Canal," to insert " or shall " drop her Anchor or Anchors* in " any Part of the Fair-way of the " said River Carron."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending, amending, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Apt " for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or " Canal, from the Firth or River of Fcnih, at or near " the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of " Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a " Place called Dalmuir Bunij'oot, in the County of u Dumbarton; and also, a Collateral Cut from the " same to the City of Glasgow, and for making a Na-u vigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from the " Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said tc Canal at or near the Place where it will fail into the " Firth of Forth"

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Edm on stone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Houses of Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Correction, jesty, intituled, "An Act for the amending, and rendering more effectual, the Laws in being relative to " Houses of Correction," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert,

Sir Harbord Harbord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Downton thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Election. Downton, in the County of Wilis, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of One Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of the Honourable Edward Bouvcrie, whose Election was adjudged to be void on the Ground of an Equality of Votes with the Ho? noufable Henry Seymour Conway, the Honourable Hi I liam Seymour Conway and the said Edward Bouverie were proposed as Candidates; and that notwithstanding the late Adjudication of the Committee who tried the Merits of the last Double Return entered upon

the

1

East India Company.

Ditto,

388 a° Augusti. A. 1784.

the Journals of this House, and published by their Authority, and read to the Voters at the Public Cross in the said Borough; viz. " That John Dagge, Gen-€i tleman, was the legal Returning Officer," the Poll of the said John Dagge was interrupted by Mr. James Serle, who, upon the same Pretences as were alledged at the former Election by Mr. Henry Harrison, who then acted for the said Mr. Serle as his Deputy, claimed to be Returning Officer, and actually took a Poll in Defiance of the express Words of the said late Determination, and hath made a false Return of the said Mr. Conway as duly elected for the said Borough: And therefore praying, on the Behalf as well of the said Edward Bouverie, who was duly elected and is returned by the said John Dagge, as of themselves and others. Electors of the said Borough, That the said Return of the said James Serle may be taken off the File, or that such other Relief may be had in the Premises, as so gross a Contempt of the late Decision, and so palpable an Injury to the Electors, may justly warrant

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 9th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the United East India Company, commencing on the 1st Day of March 1783, and ending on the 1st Day of March 1784; together with a State of the Debts of the said Company in England, on the 1st Day of March 1784, made - up pursuant to an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s -Reign.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Profit and Loss upon the Whole of the Trade and Revenues of the United East India Company, commencing on the 1st Day of March 1783, and ending on the 1st Day of March 1784; together with a State of the Debts of the said Company in England on the 1st Day of March 1784, made up pursuant to an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Instructions relative to the " Seizure of the Person of a Native of India, resident " i? the Country of Oude, called Almass Ali Khan, " and for putting the said Native to Death."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within the Township and Manor of Lockton, and in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at £3. 6 s. 10 d. per Annum, and of Eight Houses having Common Right, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Quantity of Land to be affected by the Bill is so assessed at £. 18. 5s. 10d.per Annum; and the whole Number of Houses having Right of Common is Forty-three) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of a proper Piece of Ground, for erecting an Office for the Clerk of the Records kept in the Rolls Chapel; and that they do report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Steele, Mr. Duller, Mr. Hussey, the Marquis, of Graham, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Brett, Mr. Graves, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Baring, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Main-zvaring, Mr. Hare, General Burgoyne, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Wilbraham Bootle, Mr. Salt, Mr. Popham, Mr. Ord, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Pye, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Eden, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Gregory, Sir James Johnstone, Sir William Dolben, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Page, Sir James Pennyman, Mr. Smith, Sir Edward Astley, Mr. Strutt, Mr. Hunter Blair, and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air.

Lockton

Indosurt.

Supply Bill i

I lackncy Coaches

Rolls Record Office.

Colonial Establishments.

24 Geo. III. 20 Augusti, 389

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotta, for the Year 1784: And also,

Estimate of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 1st of January 1784 to the 1st of January 1785: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of East Florida, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 24th of June 1783 to the 24th of June 1784: And also, Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick in America, from the 24th of June 1784 to die 24th of June 1785: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil

Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton in America9 from the 24th of June 1784 to the 24th of June

1785.

Mr. Rose also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the British West India Produce imported into America for Four Years, distinguishing each Year; and also, the Quantity of each Species of Goods imported into the States from that imported into our remaining Colonies: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Rum exported from the States of America for Four Years, distinguishing each Year, and to what Place exported.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1784.

To an additional Salary to the Governor ....

To a Salary to the Lieutenant Governor - ....

To - D® - Chief Justice -

To - D° - Attorney General -

To an Allowance to the Secretary, for himself and Clerks -

To - D° - to the Naval Officer

To — D° - to the Register - - . - -

To - D® - to the Surveyor of Lands, and contingent Expences attending that Establishment

Tq the Salaries of a Secretary and Messenger to the Council -

To the Hire of a House, and other contingent Expences attending the Secretary’s Office To sundry Stipends and Allowances for House Rent, to the Ministers, and Schoolmasters, in the different Districts of the Province - -

To an Allowance for Fire Wood for the Use of the Governor’s House and Public Offices -To the Salary of an Agent -

To - D® - Treasurer ——

To an Allowance to Mrs. How, who, after long and meritorious Services of her late Husband, is left destitute, under Age and Infirmity - -

To an Allowance for a Magistrate on the Island oCBreton -

To Henry Monk, Esquire, Superintendant of Indian Affairs - - - , -

To an Allowance to Jonathan Binney, Esquire, Magistrate, and Superintendant at Canso -To an Allowance upon Account for Fees upon the Receipts and Audits of Monies granted by this Estimate -

To an Allowance upon Account, in full for the Fees paid and to be paid to the AuditQr of the Imprest upon several Yearly Accounts of the Agent already passed that Office, and for others now depending ——

£ s. d.

500----

500-----

900-----

182 10 — 262 10 — 182 10 — 182 10 — 321 15 —

06 12 — 52 6 —

440----

288’ 15 —

200-----

50----

100 — 1 —

100-----

300----

100-----

200----

600----

Total

- £

5,559 8 —

Vot.

G ESTIMATE

39°

2° Augusti.

A. 17 ^4*

ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 1st of January 1784 to the 1st of January 1785.

To the Salary of the Governor in Chief - -

To - D* - Chief Justice - - - .

To - D* Attorney General - -

To - D* - Secretary and Register - -

To - D* - Surveyor of Lands - - - .

To - D* - Minister of the Church of England - -

To - D° - King’s Agent - -

To - D* Clerk of the Crown and Coroner - -

To - D* - Clerk of the Council -

To - D* - Naval Officer - # - - - ‘ - ' m

To - D‘ - Provost Marshal -

To - D* - Schoolmaster - - . - .

To an Allowance for a Private Secretary, and for Dispatch Boats to and from the Continent, and also Stationary, Firewood, &c. -To an Allowance upon Account for Fees to be paid upon Orders for the Receipt, and upon the Issue of the Monies granted upon this Estimate

Total

£ * d-

1,000----

400 -

200 -

300 -

180 —: —

150-----

150-----

120 -

80-----

100-----

100 -

50-----

170-----

1.50----

3,150 —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of East Florida, and x>ther incidental Charges attending the same, from the 24th of June 1783 to the 24th of June 1784.

To the Salary of the Governor....

To - D° - Chief Justice -

To - D° - Attorney General.....-

To - D* - Secretary -

To * D* - Register -

To - D* Receiver of Quit Rents -

To - D* Surveyor General -

and for an Assistant -

To - D* Minister of St. Augustine -

To r D* Minister of St. Mark’s -

To - D° - Schoolmaster -

To - D* - Provost Marshal -

To - D° - Agent....

To - D# - Pilot - -.....-

To an Allowance for unforeseen contingent Expences -

Total - -

£. s. d

1,200 -

500 -

150 -

150----

100----

100 — —

120----

30-----

100----

100-----

50-----

100----?

200 -

50-----

1,000----

3,950 —

estimate

4 Geo. Ill

2° Augu

39*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick in America, from the 24th of June 1784 to the 24th of June 1785.

To the Salary of the Governor -To - D° - - Chief Justice - -

D* - - Attorney General - -

D° - - Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council D° - - Naval Officer -

D* - - Surveyor General of Lands -

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers ..

To the Salary of an Agent -

To an Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies

To

To

To

To

To

1,000

500

150

250

100

150

300

150

500

o j 0 ——

from the 24th June 1784 to the 24th June 1785.

To the Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

To - D° - the Chief Justice - -

To - D* - the Attorney General -

To - D* - Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

To - D® - the Naval Officer - -

To - D° - the Provost Marshal -

To - D* - the Minister - -

To - Dw - the Surveyor General -

To - D* - the Agent -

To an Allowance for Contingencies - -

To - D* - on Account for Fees on the Receipts and Audits

£. 3,100

% ape Breton in America,

£ 500

300

100 — —

- 150

100

- 100 — ' —

- 70

100

100 —

13° -

- 100

£ 1,750

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Office* and Mr. Hose presented to the House, according to Or-Employ- der, a pill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Si/"* to themselves for Offices and Employments,

and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law', or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors i And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Vol. 40.

Order, a Bill to postpone the Payment of the Sum of Payment* by Two Millions advanced by the Governor and Company the Bank, of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Beer upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty an addi- L*®®11®*8-tional Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

392 2° At

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1785, to be exchanged, and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1785, to be exchanged, and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Duties payable upon Candles of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles, made in Great Britain, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pence be laid upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Wax imported into Great Britain, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pence be laid upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles, made in Great Britain, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pence be laid upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles made of Spermaceti, or usually called or sold for Spermaceti Candles, made in Great Britain, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maker of Wax or Spermaceti Candles in Great Britain shall take out a Licence Annually, and pay for the same the Sum of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person trading in or selling Wax or Spermaceti Candles in Great Britain shall take out a Licence Annually, and pay for the same the Sum of Five Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties shall also be subject and liable to the respective additional Duties of Five Pounds per Centum, Five Pounds per Centum, and Five Pounds per Centum, charged by Three Acts, made in the Nineteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

gusti. A. 1784.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bulla', the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Prevention oi the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Smuggling, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W’here the Report was read.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BiH;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Duties on cond Pleading of the Bill for repealing thfe several Tea and Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Housei' Duties in lieu thereof, and also, several additional Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Colfee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the East Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for company. the Relief of the East India Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fol. 11. 1. 15. by inserting, after the Word " respectively," the Words " together with Interest " on £. 923,5*9. 5s. 2d. at the Rate of £.5 per " Centum per Annum?

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The

African

Company.

24 Geo. III. 2° Augustu 393

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^irf^T} 27*

Tellers for the Noes,|^ } 85.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Jbe ingrossed.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House an Account of the Money granted in the Year 1782, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act* of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa;" and that they have invested the Money granted in 1783 for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the said Forts and Settlements were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition by the Royal African Company, and the Sums Annually granted by Parliament for their Support and Maintenance being nearly expended in the Civil and Military Establishments, and in the necessary contingent Charges, there remained little or nothing for the Purpose of Repairs, so that several of them still continue in a very defenceless State; and that sundry Abuses having been alledged to exist in the Conduct of the Officers employed by the Petitioners on the Coast of Africa, and more particularly in the Management of the Public Money committed to their Care, the Petitioners thought proper, in the Year 1779, to suspend their Governor in Chief and the Council at Cape Coast Castle, and to appoint certain Commissioners to examine in Africa into the Conduct and Accounts of the Officers, from the Beginning of the Year 1770, and the said Commissioners having made their Report upon the Accounts of Richard Miles, Esquire, Governor of Cape Coast Castley and the Petitioners having themselves gone through a very long and most careful Examination of the said Accounts, they find, in Confirmation of the Report of the Commissioners, that the Sura of £.5,544. 9$. 5d. Company’s Pay, is due to the said Richard Miles, which they are not at present in any Condition to pay without the Assistance of the House; and that there are several other Sums of Money claimed by the said Officers, which the Petitioners cannot at present deride upon, the Report of the Commissioners upon the Accounts of the said Officers being but lately arrived from Africa, and not yet examined; and that the Petitioners, by Advices from Africa, find, that a very considerable Expence has been incurred by the Hostilities on that Coast between the Subjects of this Country and of the States General of the United Provinces, for which po Provision has been made, but having received no particular Accounts of the said Expenditure, they cannot at present ascertain the exact Amount; and that the Petitioners being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be necessary for the effectual Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements in Africa, for the Payment of the Debt already ascertained to be due to Richard Milesy Esquire, for discharging any other Debts which may

Vol. 40.

appear to be justly due to their Officers and Servants, and likewise such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way® and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, <an8’ to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbei't took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House-will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Restoring Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for vesting in His Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors,

" and for more effectually discovering the same, and " applying the Produce thereof to the Use of His Majesty, and for ascertaining and satisfying the " lawful Debts and Claims thereupon," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably, c< and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors " thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing " the same, and applying the Rents and Profits thereof " for the better civilizing and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders, there for " the future," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were vested in a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, for granting to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, and recommends the same to the Consideration of the House.

Then the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were vested in a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

5 H The

394 3° — 3°

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Marquis of Graham accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain* Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland\ which were vested in a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act.

And the Marquis of Graham moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were vested in a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act: And that the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Advocate of Scotland\ Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dempstei', and Sir Henri/ Hoghton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Rowley's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable the Trustees of the Estates devL>ed by the Will of the late Sir William Rmley to apply Part of the Trust Monies in re-building the Mansion House called Tendring-Hall, and Offices, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fe?b ton Cmthorne, the Lord Delcroat, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply Bill; Mr/ Rose presented to the House, according to Or-Annuities. der, a Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

County Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build " and repair Gaols in their respective Counties," and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Printed Silks, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the &c* whole House, upon the Bill for laying additional Duties on Silks, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Importation of Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with. Cotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Foreign Parts.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Hordes. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Ma-

Angusti. A. 1784.

jesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of RicUng, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Prevention of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Smu£Sling* House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 3° die Augusti;

Anno 240 Georgii III,il Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tugby for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Eields, inclosure. Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tughy, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An DockYardi. Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Turner, from Trade with the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the America. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A List of the Ships and Vessels cleared out to America from London, and the other Ports of South Britain, particularizing at each Port the Number of Tons and the Number of Men, from the 24th of March 1783 to the 24th of March 1784: And also,

A List of the Ships and Vessels cleared Inwards from America in London, and the other Ports of South Britain, particularizing at each Port the Number of Tons and the Number of Men, from the 24th of March 1783 to the 24th of March 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lists were read.

Ordered, That the said Lists do' lie upon the Table, ' to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lists are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Paton, from the Melasses Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was and Com called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, distillery, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Melasses Distillery in England, from the 5th of July 1763 to the 5th of July 1783, distinguishing

the

Transportation of Felons.

Ditto.

Supply Bill; Loans, &c.

Supply Bill; Candles.

Supply Bill;

additional

Loans.

Supply Bill; Beer Licences.

24 Geo. III. 3" Aifgusti.

3 95

the Produce of each Year; and also distinguishing what Part of it was paid by the Melasses Distillery in the Country and in London: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Corn Distillery in Englandfrom the 5th of July 1763 to the 5th of July 1783, distinguishing the Produce of each Year; and also distinguishing what Part of it was paid by the Corn Distillery in the Country and in London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. William Selxvyn be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to reduce the several Statutes concerning Transportation into One Act of Parliament; to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

c-

Mr. William Selwyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to reduce the several Statutes concerning Transportation into One Act of Parliament; to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

OrderedThat the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Buis, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and for granting in lieu thereof other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read, throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, >vere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Horny Dundas presented to the House, accord- Restorin'; ing to Order, a Bill to enable Mis Majesty to grant to Scotch for the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms feitedEstale8, and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Secqnd, and to repeal the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Tenants to allow Tenants and Sub-Tenants, employed in the Service in Fisheries of Great Britain, to commute for Money all Fisheries. Personal Services which they are bound to perform to their Landlords: And that Mr. Dempster, the Marquis of Graham, and Sir James Johnstone, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com- Expences of mitteewho are appointed to enquire into, and consider Committees of, the Expences incurred by the Clerk to the Com- on East mittee, to whom the Paper, intituled, " The Report Affairs>

" of the Court of Directors of the United Company " of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies,

" in Obedience to an Order of the Honourable " House of Commons, dated 23d January 1784;" and also, the Paper," intituled, " Report of the Court " of Directors of the East India Company, containing " such further Information as has been received since " making up their Report presented to the House on " the 16th of February last," were severally referred; together with what Compensation may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerk for his Trouble and Attendance on the said Committee, and to report the same to the House, That they do enquire into the Compensation proper to be allowed to the Clerk of the Committee, appointed in the last Session of Parliament to enquire into the illicit Practices used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the same, for his actual-Expences and Trouble in attending the said Committee.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command, .

An Account of Monies issued by His Majesty’s Or- American ders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry Loyalists. American Civil Officers, and others who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government: And also,

An Account of Money issued, to.' Thomas Cotton, Bills from Esquire, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners Nova Scotia, of the Treasury by John ParY Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia; and other Services.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follpweth; viz.

Vol. 40.

An

3* Autps

A. 1784

3 9s

AnACCOUNT of Monies issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government

33d October 1783. .30th January 1784. nth May 1784. 21st May 1784. 11th June 1784. 8th July 1784. 31st July 1784.

£ s. d.

To Samuel Remnant, Esquire - - - 15,000

For Fees attending the Receipt 777 13 6

ToD*- 15,000

For Fees attending the Receipt of 15,000 777 13 6

To John Martin Leake - - - 5,000

For Fees attending the Receipt 264 12 —

ToD" - - 5,000

For Fees attending the Receipt 264 12 —

To D* 5,000

For Fees attending the Receipt 264 12 —

To D* 15,000

For Fees attending the Receipt of £. 15,000 777 13 6

To D* 12,000

For Fees attending the Receipt 623 17 —

a

£. s.

15.777 13 6

15.777 13 6

5.264 12 —

5.264 12 —

5.264 12 —

15.777 13 6

12,623 17 — 75,750 13 6

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, and other Services.

1784

13th January. For Provisions and Accommodations furnished to the Refugees in Nova Scotia -To repay Messieurs Gray and Ogilvie for the present Relief of some discharged Soldiers, sent from New York to be settled in Nova Scotia, who were blown off the Coast of America by Stress of Weather, and

put into Falmouth....

To pay the Fees attending the Receipt of the above Sums - -

16th April. To purchase Lumber for the Use of the Refugees in Nova Scotia -

To pay the Fees attending the Receipt thereof -8th July. In Part of Payment for surveying and laying out Lands for the Refugees in Nova Scotia -To pay the Fees attending the Receipt thereof -8th D* To purchase Lumber for the Use of the Refugees in Nova Scotia -

To pay the Fees attending the Receipt thereof -29th July. In Part for laying out Lands for the Refugees in Nova Scotia - -

To pay the Fees attending the Receipt thereof -D* To purchase Lumber for the Use of the Refugees in Nova Scotia -

To pay the Fees attending the Receipt thereof -U* *To purchase Instruments for the Surveyors appointed for marking out Lands in Nova Scotia - -

To pay the Fees attending the Receipt thereof

1,345 2 4 1

100----

82 12 —

4,241 4 Hi\

226 13 6 /

1,838 4 — 1 102 11 ~ j

1.000 -----"i

59 15 — /

1,500---- I

85 8 6 /

2.000 -----1

111----]

no 3 1

14 1 6 /

Total

if, 4 d,

1,527 14 4

4,467 18 5! *

1,940 15 —

1,059 15 — 1,585 8 6

2,111 —

124 4 6 12,816

Ordered,

Navy and

Victualling

Ityls.

Lockton

luclusure*

Expences of Committee on Kust India Affairs.

24 Geo. IIL 30 Augusti. 3^7

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being a Committee appointed at a General Meeting of Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills, on behalf of themselves and of the said Proprietors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by a Resolution of the House of the 30th of July last, that it is intended to fund all Navy and Victualling Bills made out between the 31st of May 1781, and the 30th of June 1782, upon certain Terms expressed in the said Resolution, and that the Petitioners are Holders of Navy and Victualling Bills made out within that Period, to a very considerable Amount; and representing to the House, that it has not hitherto been usual for Government to suffer Navy and Victualling Bills to remain undischarged so long as even the latest of those now proposed to be funded, and, there is no Precedent for any Deduction or Abatement whatever from the Principal and Interest of such Bills; and that the Petitioners, relying on the Faith of Government, which they apprehend to be pledged to them for the Payment of the entire Sum of their Bills, together with the Interest due thereon, conceive that they shall be essentially injured if they accept the Terms proposed in the said Resolution, or, if they refuse them, be obliged to wait an indefinite Time, without any certain Prospect of Payment; and, the Petitioners submit to the House, whether a Choice of Two Evils, either Composition or indefinite Time (when the Debt is not only specific as to the Sum, but actually due according to acknowledged Precedent and Custom) can be considered as a fair Option, or whether it does not rather partake of the Nature of Compulsion, which the Petitioners are confident would be contrary to the Intentions of the House; and that, when the Petitioners became possessed of this Species of Public Security, they had every Reason, from the Consideration of sound Policy as well as of Justice, to expect the same Punctuality which the Public Creditors of Great Britain of all Denominations have ever experienced; And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall appear just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Jfilbcrforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Dundas reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Expences incurred by the Clerks, Solicitors, and other Persons employed by the Committees of Secrecy, appointed to enquire intp the Causes of the War in The Carnatic, and of the Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts; and also, in Support of the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold\ Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire, for certain Breaches of Public Trust, and High Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed by them whilst they respectively held the Offices of Governor and

Vol. 40.

President, Counsellors and . ^embers, of the Select Committee of the Settlement of Fort Saint George, on the Coast of Coromandel, \n The East Indies; together with what Compensation may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerks, Solicitors, and others, for their Trouble and Attendance upon those Occasions, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had considered the several Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- _ eth; viz.

Your Committee find, That the Expence attending the Sittings of the said Committees, amounts to the Sum of £.3,263. 19$. $d. for which Vouchers have been produced to Your Committee in every Instance where the Nature of the Business made it practicable.

That the Sum of £.2,343. 10.9. has already been advanced upon Account of the said Committees; and that, in order to make up the above Sum of £.3,263.

19a', gd, the Sum of £.920. os* 9d. now remains to be paid.

And Your Committee further find, That the Expences attending the Support of the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold,

Baronet, for which Vouchers have been produced to Your Committee in every Instance where the Nature of the Business made it practicable, amounts to the Sum of £.3,587. 9$. 6d. upon Account of which no Payment has been made.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Long reported from the Committee, w ho were Expences of appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Ex- Committees pences incurred by the Clerks and other Persons em- Indl1

ployed by the Select Committees appointed to take tt into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengaly Bahar, and Orissa; together with what Compensation may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerks and others, for their Trouble and Attendance upon those Occasions, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House -r and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, That the Expence attending the Sittings of the said Committees, during the Course of Four Sessions of Parliament, amounts to the Sum of £.3,529. 135. for which Vouchers have been produced to Your Committee in every Instance where the Nature of the Business made it practicable.

That the Sum of £. 1,750. has already been advanced upon Account of the said Committees; and that, in order to make up the above £. 3,529. 13$. the Sum of £.1,779. 13$. now remains to be paid.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, who wrere Ditto! appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Expences incurred by the Clerk to the Committee, to whom the Paper, intitqled, " The Report of the " Court of Directors of the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to The East Indies,

" in Obedience to an Order of the Honourable House " of Commons, dated 23d January 1784;" and also, the Paper, intituled, " Report 01 the Court of Di-<c rectors of the East India Company, containing such " further Information as has been received since " making up their Report presented to the House oq " the 16th of February last," were severally referred; together with what Compensation may be proper to be allowed to the said Clerk for his Trouble and 5 I Attendance

Preventing

Smuggling.

Ways and Means.

August I.

A1784.;

Attertdiance rt the‘ sai<F Coriiinittee, and to report the same to the House; and who were'instructed to erf-quire into the Compensation proper to be allowed to the Clerk of the Committee appointed in the last Session of Parliament, to enquire into the illicit Practiced used* in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the same, for his actual Expences and Trouble irr attending the said Committee; That the Committee had cor^idered the several Matters'to them referred, and' directed him to make a! Report thereof to the "House; and he rehcT the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, That the Expence attending the Sittings of^ the first-mentioned Committee, amounts toX 11(). 16 s. 6d no Part of which has yet been paid!

And that the Expence attending the Sittings of the last mentioned Committee, amounts to £. 220, no Part of which has yet been paid.

Or dandy That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the' said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this- House will, upon Friday Moffn-

Sg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ouse, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties.

Mr. Gilbert according to Order, reported frbm the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Common Brewer, who shall brew Small or Table Beer, not being a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, be obliged to lake out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Duty of One Pound.

} Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Common Brewer, who shall brew Strong Beer, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged, with the Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall hot exceed. Within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of One thousand Barrels.

T Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Common Brewer, who shall brew Strong Beer, be obliged to take out a-Licence, Which Licence shall be charged with the Duty of Two Pounds, If the Quantity of beer brewed by him 'shall exceed, *

within the* Ye&r‘ehding the Fifth Day of Julyin each Year previous; to his taking out the Licence, thet Quantity of One thousand Barrels, and be under Two thousand Barrels.

Resolved, That iff is the Opinion of this Committee;, That every Common Brewer, who shall brew Strong: Peter, be obliged to take out’ a Licence, which Licence,* shall be charged with' the Duty oft Five Pounds; iff the Quantity of Beer brewed by> him shall exceed*. Within Jthe Year ending the Fifth- Day of July, in eacht Year’ previous to has taking out the^ Licence, ther Quantity of Two thousand Barrels, and be under Five> thousand Barrels.

Resohedi That it is the Opinion of thin; Committee;, That every Common Brewer, who shall brew Strong; Beer, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Duty ofi Ten Bounds*, if the* Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each. Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the: Quantity of Five thousand Barrels, and be under Tea thousand Barrels;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Common Brewer, who shall brew Strong Beer, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Duty of Twenty Founds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shalfc exceed, within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July iii each Year previous to his taking out the Licence the Quantity of Ten thousand Barrels, and be under Twenty thousand Barrels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That every Common Brewer, who shall brew Strong Beer, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Duty of Thirty Pounds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Twenty thousand Barrels, and be under Thirty thousand Barrels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Common Brewer, who shall brew Strong Beer, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Duty of Forty Pounds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Thirty thousand Barrels, and be under Forty thousand Barrels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Common Brewer, who shall brew Strong Beer, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Duty of Fifty Pounds, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Forty thousand Barrels.

Resofoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall not exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Fifty Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take Out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Twenty Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Fifty Quarters, and be under One hundred Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Master, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be

obliged

Address — Money issued inAddrc&bes.

Monies in Exchequer.

Expence of Convicts.

Prevention of Smuggling.

County

Gaols.

24 Geo. III. 30 — 40 Augusti. 399

obliged to take.'Caiti a. Licence, which: Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Forty Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Yean ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Yiear previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of One hundred Quarters, and be under Two hundred Quarters.

Resolved,. That it is* the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of MaJt for. Sale, be obliged, to take out a Licence} which Licence shall he charged with the Yearly Sum of Three Pounds, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of Ja^ip each Year previous to his taking out thft Licence*, the Quantity of Two- hundred Quarters*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comtnktoej That' every Distiller, or Maker of Low Wipes or Spirits for Stile, or for Exportation, and every Rectifier of Spirits, shall take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with a Yearly Sum equal to the Amount) of One. Halfpenny per Gallon of the Conr tents of every Still or Stills of each Description, which shall hane been in die Possession, of every spcb Distiller or Rectifier within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year previous to Ins taking opt the

Licencei

The said Reaslutioes being severally read a Second Time, -were, upon the Question severally puk theper upon! agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com-noktae of the whole. House, to whom the Rill for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be tpkeo out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned! is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Rill* pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there he laid before this House* an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. v

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Bill to ex-

Vo 1. 40,

pfoinapd amend- an. Act; in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign, q£ Riqg the

Third, intituled, " An Apt, to enable Justifies, of Peace " to build and repair Gaols ip foeir resppctiyq Coqpt " tips," and for other Purpose? therein, ippntiqoiecl, wa? committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary, tp, be to, tftp aajd

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Rill be re-commitjfed. Resolved, That the said. Rill be re-coipmftteiji tQ! tke Committee to whom the same was committed.

And then, the House adjourned till To-iqorrqw Mprnipg, Ten of the Cfocfo

Mercurii, 4° die

Anno. 24" Georgii III,a Regia, 1784*

Praters.

THE House was moved, That (he Petition of Bishop’* George Bishpp, Proprietor of the Maidstone Ge- Geneva, neva Manufactory, wbjfih was presented to the House upon the 3d Day 9$ June an4 tlipn ordered tp lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the samp- being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Petition he refold to tbfi

Consideration of a Committee: And t|ia^ tftfiy examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as ft shall, appear to them, to the House:

And k is. referred tp My. Edwm tyr. Gjfbfft%:

And they are to aapet Tp-nmrrmv at Hipje of

foe Clonk, in the Speaker’? Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Issue of to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Frampton Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, h*'!08"* Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the bounty of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The Reaches, Marsh, and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. James Lrnther reported from the Committee, to Kirkby-whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging Steven High the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second ea Year of the -Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Kirkby-Steoen High Lane Head, in the County of

" Westmorland, through Sedbergh,to Greeta Bridge, in

" the County Palatine of Lancasta-, and from " ken-Bar-Gate,near Askrigg, in the County of

" through Sedbergh, to Kirkby-Kendal, and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends in Marthrvaite, to

" the

Restoring

Scotch

forfeited

Estates.

Monies paid to Secretaries of Commissioners of Accounts, &c*

400 40 Angusti. 1784,

" the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hausf, leading from American Loyalists, which have not been made good by u Appleby to Kirkby-Kendal, in the said County of Parliament. u Westmorlandwas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Mr. Chancellor of the* Exchequer reported to the Answer to found the same to be true; and that the Committee House, That1 their Address of Yesterday (that His Address, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions ments thereunto, which they had directed him to re- that the Account therein mentioned might be laid port to the House; and he read the Report in his before this House) had been presented to His Ma-Place; and afterwards dejivered the Bill, with the jesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where -the acquaint this House, that He will give Directions Amendments were Once read throughout; and then accordingly, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally , put thereupon, were agreed to by the The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Account* House. the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he Was called presented.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant ingrossed. to their Orders,

An Account of such Monies as remain in the Receipt Monies in Ordered,\ That the Order of the Day, for the Second of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parlia- Exchequer. Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant ment: And also,

to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Expence of

Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scot- Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, Convict*.

land, which were put under the Management of a and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and

Board of Trustees by an Act, passed in the Twenty- which have not been made good by Parliament: And

fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King also,

George the Second, and to repeal the said Act, be now An Account of the Monies paid to the Secretaries of Monies paid read. the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, to Sec"ta‘

And the said Order being read accordingly; the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and to the Com- [^sLercof

The said Bill was read a Second Time. missioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the Accounts.

Resolved, That tl^ Bill be committed. American Loyalists, which have not been made good by

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Parliament, of the whole House. Mr. Hughson also, from the Exchequer, presented

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Ma*

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon jesty,

the said Bill. An Account of all Sums of Money which have Monies

been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the issued 0,1 Ordered\ That there be laid before this House, an Addresses of this House, and which have not been made Addrem Account of the Monies paid to the Secretaries of the good by Parliament.

Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, And then he withdrew.

the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and to the Com- And the Titles of the said Accounts Were read.

missioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the The said Accounts are as followeth; viz*

To

4 Geo. Ill*

4° Angu

401

To the Honourable the^ Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer* subject to the

Disposition of Parliament.

t)uty on Gum Senega A* 1765 - - - .

Sugars, &c. since 29th September 1764 -

Cambricks, &c. A01766 ——

Melasses, &c. since 1st November 1766 - -

Apples imported -

Subsidy on Rice exported, which was imported Duty-free -

Money repaid by Sir Henry Clinton, K. B. Commander in Chief in North America

John Smith, Esquire, Secretary to D° -

Major Richard Baily, Deputy Commissary -

Robert Skene, Esquire, Inspector of the Roads in North Britain -

Joseph Stephenson and John Blackbume, Contractors at Halifax - -

The Administrators of the Right honbU Charles late Paymaster

General of His Majesty’s Forces -

Colonel Thomas Carlton

Major General Christie

John Durand, Esquire, -

Henry Edward Fox, Esquire, Paymaster of the Widows Pensions Major General Townshend -

Robert Adair, Esquire, Surveyor General of the Military Infirmary Alexander Mercer, Engineer at New York

Frederick Vane, Esquire, Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital Lord Momtstuart, Envoy Extraordinary at the Court of Turin, on Account of Two Ships, the St. George and Minorca -George Cherry, Esquire, Agent for the Sale of Army Provisions in the West Indies - -

Lord Cathcart, Surveyor of the Military Camps in North America William Brummell, Esquire, Agent for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital ——

Charles Sloan, Lord Cadogan, upon Account of the Copper Coinage -Mathew Forster, Commissary General in Charibbee Islands Major Henry Socage, Quarter Master in America - -

Exchequer, the 4th Day of August 1784.

I.

John Hughson.

£. s. d.

342 5 1

4,744 n if 1,639 8 5 f>°56 ti 9f 300 9 —

1 8 71 *,354 2 — 19>570 2 9 835 1 8* 2,795 u 6f 17,402 13

5.000 -

550 12. 3

41 13 8

680 7 1 5,500-----

2.000 — — !59 — 7 482 10 —

6,739 19 8

i,eoo-----

5,000-----

3,785 12 11

20,000-----

4,158 17 1 278 8 4 398 18 if

105,818 5 nf

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled,

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for confining, maintaining, and employing, Convicts on the River Thames ---- Between 5th July and 10th October 1783. Between 10th October 178S and 5th January 1784. Between 5th January and 5th April 1784. Between 5th April and 5th July 1784.

£. s. d. 607 18 11 £ s. d. 5,082 6 — £. s. d 3,383 1 4 £. s. d. 3,139 5 3 607 18 11 5,082 6 — 3,383 1 4

Total Sum issued to Duncan Campbell Esquire - - £. 12,212 11 6

Exchequer, the 4th Day of August 1784.

John Hughson.

, Vol. 40.

5 K To

402

4* Augu

A. 1784.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, inc Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to the Secretaries of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, which have not been made good by Parliament.

18th August 1780.

30th October.

13th June 1781. 14th November.

2d March 1782. 8th July.

6th November.»

25th February 1783. 2d June.

13th November 1783. 11th February 1784. 25th May.

3d November 1783.

1784.

8th March.

To JVm Molleson, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for stating the Public Accounts ' -

_To D® - -....

To D° - -

To D° -

To D° - ....

To D° - - - ....

To D° -

To D®....

To D° - -

John Lane, Esquire, Secretary as above

To D° - -

To D°....

To John Foster, Esquire, for the Use of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists r -

To D°.....-

Exchequer, the 4th Day of August 1784.

£ s. d.

500----

500----

500----

500----

500----

500----

500----

500----

500----

s. d.

500----

500----

500----

500

500

4,5o —

1,500 —

6,000

— 1,000

1 7,000

John Hughson.

To

g

eg'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

o

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of this House,

and which have not been made good by Parliament; viz*.

To John Hatsell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons -

To William Evatt> Esquire, for defraying the Expence incurred by him in Business done under the Direction of the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa -To Mr. James Cobb, one of the Clerks of the East India House, for his extraordinary Trouble in

Between 5th July and 10th October

*783-

attending the above Committee

To Mr. Robert Fitzhugh, another of the Clerks in the East India House, for the like Service To Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esquire, to enable him to satisfy and discharge sundry Bills of Exchange drawn upon him by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, for the Relief of the Poor

in the Northern Counties - -

To John Nichols, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of the

House of Commons - -- --....

To George White, Esquire, Clerk of the Committee of Secrecy appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts To Henry Dwidas, Esquire, Chairman of the said Committee, to be paid over in equal Portions to Mr. Thomas Morton, and Mr. William Ramsay, Clerks at the East India House, for their extraordinary Trouble in attending the said Committee - - -.

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, in full Satisfaction for defraying the Expences attending the Printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, printed by Order of the House of Commons -To John Nichols, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of printing 1,250 Copies of Parliamentary and other Records ——

To John Bacon, to complete the Sum of £. 6,oooo*or erecting a Monument to the Memory of the late Earl of Chatham ——

To Joseph Nollekens, Statuary, being the First Payment due to him for erecting a Monument to the Memory of Captains Blair, Baine, and Lord Robert Manners - -

To Sir Robert Taylor, Knight, Master Mason of the late Board of Works, to be by him applied in full Satisfaction and Discharge of the Expences, and other Charges, for the compleat Repair of the Damages done to the King’s Bench, and Fleet Prison, during t}ie tumultuous Riots in the Month of June 1780 ——

To Simon Fraser, Esquire, to be applied towards the Relief of the Inhabitants of the Island of Shetland ——

Exchequer, the 4th Day of August 1784.

9°o----

500----

150 — -200 — -

Between loth October Between 5th January 1783 and 5th January] and 5th April

1784.

10,346

482

3 6

500 -

400----

13,478 3 10

John Hughson,

5,101 17 8

4,258 io 3

3,000-----

1784.

Between 5th April and 5th July 1784.

1,500-----

1,585 8 6

6,300 — -

12,360 7 11 - - - 9,385

Total of Address Monies

Between 5th July and 10th October 1784.

1,617 1 3

8 6 13,478 3 10

12,360 7 11

9,385 8 6

- £ 36,841 1 6

24 Geo. III. 40

Supply Bill \ Beer Licences.

Supply Bill $ Loans, &c.

Supply Bill; Caudles, &c.

Supply Bill;

Further

Loan.

Payments by the Bank*

Offices and Employments Indemnity.

404

4° Augusti. A. 1784.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and for granting in lieu thereof other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to postpone the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted

to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Supply Bill* Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Deben- Annuities, tures, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Exporting Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 'V1jeatt0 intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of Co omes*

" certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to " His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to " the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Mer*

" chants of England trading to The East Indies, and of " Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia,

" Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying " all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into €t Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council already c< made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and " other Articles," might be read,

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue several Laws " relating to the giving further Encouragement for " the Importation of Naval Stores from the British " Colonies in America; to the Landing of Run*

" or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before " Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation " of Tallow, Hog’s Lard, and Grease; to the regu-t€ lating the Fees of Officers of the Customs and " Naval Officers in America; to the allowing' the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other *' Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Aim-€t rica; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties " on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on " Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive and continue so much of the said Acts as relates to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; and, to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Gascoyne Junior, and Mr. Gilbert,' do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein, to extend the Provisions of an Act, of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles, and other Packages.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Bahama Command, Islands.

Estimate of the Sums necessary to perfect the Purchase of the Soil of the Bahama Islands, and to support the

Civil

34 Geo. III. 40 Augusti.

405

Civil Establishment of the said Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid out of the Duty Fund to the Public Officers: And also,

Estimate of Salary proposed to be allowed to the

Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1784 to the 24th of June 1785.

And the Title of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to perfect the Purchase of the Soil of the Bahama Islands, and to support the Civil Establishment of the said Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid out of the Duty Fund to the Public Officers.

To the Governor - £.

Chief Justice - -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - -

Provost Marshal - .

Attorney General - -

Minister ——

Surveyor General of Lands -

Agent, and Fees on Receipt and Audit -To perfect the Purchase, and for unforeseen contingent Expences

' 100----

200-----

100-----

90 —

80-----

30-----

100 ,-----

150-----

7,000 — ' —

7,850-----

ESTIMATE of Salary proposed to be allowed to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1784 to the 24th of June 1785 ----- £. 500-

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Prevention of Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from

Smuggling, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report ta the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Rates and Duties granted and imposed upon Low* Wines and Spirits for Ilome Consumption, by any Act or Acts now in Force, be discontinued for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seven Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Five Pence Halfpenny be laid upon every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquet made or brewed from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned) or from any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Pence be laid upon every Gallon of Fermented Wort or Wash made or brewed from Vol. 40.

Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Shilling be laid upon every Gallon of Wash composed of Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar) or any Mixture therewith for extracting Spirits, for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several additional Rates and Duties imposed by an Act of the Twentieth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, upon Rum and Spirits imported into Great Britain, being of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Islands in The West Indies, and also the several and respective additional Imposts and Duties after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centumy imposed by Three several Acts made in the Nineteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty’s Reign, upon Rum and Spirits imported into this Kingdom, be suspended for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Exemption from the Duties of Excise payable upon Spirits made from Corn growing within the Lands of Ferrintosh, claimed by Arthur Forbes, of Culloden, in the County of Inverness, Esquire, be wholly taken a.way and extinguished.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second, Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. .

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said. Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Butler, the Marquis of Graham,

5 I, ' Mr.

40 6 4 ° AugustuA. 1784.

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

East India An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the East India Company. Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Rider, for adjusting the Priority of Payment of the Bills of Exchange.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Rider.

The Amendment following was proposed to* be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 24. After " respectively" to insert " toge-% " ther with Interest on £923,519.

" 5 s. 2 d. at the Rate of £-5.per " Centum per Annum."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted.

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 10. 1. 19. To leave out " Eight," and insert " Six" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word Ci Eight" stand Part of the Bill.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of the East India Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due tQ the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the Reports which were Yesterday made from the several Committees who were appointed to enquire into, and consider of, the Expences incurred by the Clerks, Solicitors, and other Persons employed by certain Committees of this House; and also, into the Expences incurred in Support of the Bill for inflictiri^ certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rigmbold, Baronet, and Peter Perring, Esquire; together with what Compensation may be proper to be made to the said several Persons for their Trouble and Attendance upon the said Committees, and on Account of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to provide for the defraying such Expences, and making such Compensation.

Ordered, That the said several Reports be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 1st , of January to the 1st of January 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying 7

the Civil Establishment of the Province of East Florida, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 24th of June 1783 to the 24th of June 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nezo Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1784 to the 24th of June 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton in America, from the 24th of June 1784 to the 24th of June 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, and other Services, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum wanted to carry on the Works at Somerset House, for the Service of the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing Africat the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, represented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an of Act of Parliament,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Captain Edward Thompson, inclosing the Reports, dated on board the Grampus in Accra Road\ the 21st of May 1784: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of Santa Apolonia Fort, dated the g5th of April 1784: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Bivcove Fort, dated the 26th of April 1784: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of Commcnda Fort, dated the 28th of April 1784: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle, dated the 30th of April 1784: And also,

N° 6. State and Condition of Tantumquerry Fort, dated the 10th of May 1784: And also,

N° 7. State and Condition of Winnebah Fort, dated the 16th of May 1784: And also,

8. State and Condition of Accra and Pra%pram and IVhydah Forts, dated the 19th of May 1784: And also,

K* 9. State and Condition of Annamaboe Fort,

dated.....May 1784.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And

Franking Letters by Members.

Transportation of felons.

Ways and Means.

24 Geo. III. 4° — 5 Augusti. 407

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved’ That, from and after the present Session of Parliament, no Member of this House do frank any Letter or Packet, unless the whole Superscription be in his own Hand-writing, and unless, together with the Name of such Member, the Name of the Post Town from which the said Letter or Packet is intended to be sent, and the Day of the Month and Year when the same shall be put into the Post Office, shall be at the same Time superscribed upon such Letter or Packet, which Day of the Month shall be in Words at Length; ai^d that no Member of this House do permit any letter or Packet to be directed to him at any Place, except where he shall actually be at the Time of the Delivery thereof, or at his usual Place of Residence in Londont or at the Lobby of this House.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath come to a Resolution, That, from and after the present Session of Parliament, no Member of this House do frank any Letter or Packet, unless the whole Superscription be in his own Hand-writing, and unless, together with the Name of such Member, the Name of the Post Town from which the said Letter or Packet is intended to be sent, and the Day of the Month and Year when the same shall be put into the Post Office, shall be at the same Time superscribed upon such Letter or Packet, which Day of the Month shall be in Words at Length; and that no Member of this House do permit any Letter or Packet to be directed to him at any Place, except where he shall actually be at the Time of the Delivery thereof, or at his usual Place of Residence in London, or at the Lobby of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do go to the Lords, with the said Message.

A Bill for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to reduce the several Statutes concerning Transportation into One Act of Parliament; to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordercdy That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Comriiittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again. r

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Vol 4<).

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, Horses, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for E.xclse laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by lcences* the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply Bill; ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole P"ntedSllks> House, upon the Bill for laying additional Duties on Silks, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Importation of Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with, Cotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, m Foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Prevention of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more Smu8S1Dfr effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, was again re-committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis9 5° die Augusti;

Anno 240 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, by Army

His Majesty's Command, Estimate*

Estimate of the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot, from 25th June 1784 to 24th December' following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

5° Augu

A. 1784,

Supply.

408

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot, from 25th June 17S4 to 24th December

following, both inclusive, being 183 Days.

Pay of the Commission and Non-commissioned Officers of General Lamb tons, Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1784 to 24th December following -Lieut. General Shfirard's D° -Earl of Suffolk's D° - Total for Pay - Agency -Allowances to Captains, Surgeons, and Paymasters NUMBERS. CHARGE. - TOTAL.

t 47» 471 471 1,413 3.89215 7 3.89215 7 3,892 15 7 11,678 6 9 2,842 9 11 1,105 8 3

- 1,931 11 9 241 18 2 669

In all 1,413 L 15,625 4. 11

War Office, 5th August 1784*

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year

1784.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the 4he Island of Saint John in America, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 1 st Day of January 1784 to the 1st Day of January 1785.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of East Florida, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 24th Day of June 1783 to the 24 th Day of June 1784.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of t\\c Province of New Brunswick in America, from the 24th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of June 1785.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton in America, from the 24th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of June 178.5.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-five thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief-and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, hot exceeding Twelve thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum, which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to discharge Bilk drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by. John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotiaand other Services.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion’of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Joseph White, Esquire, in full for the Expences attending the Support of the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Rumbold, Baronet, in the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

.....That

1

a4 Geo. III. 50 dugusti. 40$

That a Sura, not exceeding Nine hundred and Twenty Pounds and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to George White, Esquire, Clerk to the Committees appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War that subsists in The Carnatic, and of the present Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, in full for the Expence attending the Sittings of the said Committees in the Years 1781 and 1782.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine Pounds and Thirteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. William Evatt, Clerk to the Select Committees appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, in full for the Expence attending the Sittings of the said Committees during the Course of the Four last Sessions of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One hundred and Sixteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. White, Junior, Clerk to the Select Committees, to whom the Paper intituled, " The Report of the Court of Directors " of the United Company of Merchants of England u trading to The East Indies, in Obedience to an " Order of the Honourable House of Commons, * dated 23d January 1784;" and also the Paper intituled, " Report of the Court of Directors of the €i East India Company, containing such further Information as has been received since making up their " Report presented to the House on the 16th of February last," were severally referred, in full for the Expence attending the Sittings of the said Committees during the last and this present Session of Parliament

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. Arthur Benson, Clerk to the Committee appointed in the last Session of Parliament, to enquire into the illicit Practices used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of prerenting the same, for his actual Expences and Trouble in attending the said Committee.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Kirkby- An ingrossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarg-

Steven High- ing the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second

Lane Head Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Roads. ^ct for repairing an(J widening the Roads from " Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head, in the County of " Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from Bracken-41 Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, <( through Sedbergh, to Kirlcby-Kendal, and also the " Road from the Four Lane Ends in Martkwaite, to " the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause, leading from " Appleby to Kirkby-Kendal, in the said County of 11 Westmorland," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from €t Kirkby-Steven High Lane Head, in the County of " Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, " in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from " Bracken-Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of " York, through Sedbergh, to Kirkby-Kendal, and also " the Road from the Four Lane-Ends in Marthwaite, " to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg House, leading

Vol. 40.

<c from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County fC of Westmorland."

Ordered, That Mr. John Lcrwthei' do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, Loans, &c, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Houe, resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fof the House Payments by to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the upon the Bill to postpone the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill to resolve itself into a Commitee of the whole House, Further upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans, &c. Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill*

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Horses. ’

granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable, was committed, the Amendments wdiich the Committee had made to the Bill, and w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

5 M Ordered,

410 5* AugusA. in84.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be shall be bleached or dyed in Great Britain, not being ingrossed. Lawns or Gauzes of Linen ornamented, figured, or

sprigged with Cotton.

Supply Bill; Ordered\ That the Order of the Day for receiving The Second Resolution of the Committee being read

Excise the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to a Second Time;

Licences. whom the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Li- An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto,

cences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers by adding at the End thereof, " not being Lawns or

in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned, was " Gauzes of Linen ornamented, figured, or sprigged

committed, be now read. " with Cotton."

And the said Order being read accordingly; And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Monday Morning next. Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That a t Ways and Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Duty of Two Pence per Yard, Square, be laid upon Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- all Stuffs made of Linen and Cotton mixed, and Stuffs ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions’ that shall be of the Value of Three Shillings, and up-which the Committee had directed him to report to the wards, per Yard in Length, without respect to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards Breadth, as shall be bleached or dyed in Great Britain, delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were not being Lawns or Gauzes of Linen ornamented, read; and are as followeth; viz. figured, or sprigged with Cotton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee be-That a Duty of One Penny per Yard, Square, be laid ing severally read a Second Time, were, upon the upon all Stuffs made of Linen and Cotton mixed, Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in House.

Great Britain, that shall not be of the Value of Three Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com-Shillings per Yard, in Length, without respect to mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for lay--the Breadth, as shall be bleached or dyed in Great ing additional Duties on Silks, Linens, and Stuffs,

Britain. printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and also additional Duties upon the Importation of That a Duty of Two Pence per Yard, Square, be laid Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with, Cot-upon all Stuffs made of linen and Cotton mixed, and ton printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Foreign Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Parts, is committed, That they have Power to make Britain, that shall be of the Value of Three Shillings, Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Reso-and upwards, per Yard in Lehgth, without respect to lutions. the Breadth, as shall be bleached or dyed in Great

Bt 'itain. Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Duties on

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House, according to Order, a Bill to discontinue for' Spu-iu*

That every Bleacher, or Dyer of Stuffs made of Linen a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low and Cotton, or of Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for wove in Great Britain, shall Annually take out a Licence, granting and securing the due Payment of other Du-and pay for the same the Sum of Two Pounds. ties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of

Risolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the making and vending British Spirits, as well for

That a Duty of Three Farthings per Yard, Square, be Home Consumption as for Exportation, and for de-laid upon all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Linen stroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Cloth in Great Britain made of Flax, or Hemp, except Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Ma-such Linen Cloth as shall be dyed throughout of One jesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Feren*

Colour only. tosh, in the County of Inverness; and for discontinu-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties

That a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny per Yard, Square, upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West

be laid upon the Importation of all Stuffs made of Indies: And the same was received; and read the First or mixed with Cotton not painted, printed, stained, Time.

or dyed. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Orda'ed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time That the said Duties be charged with the additional Tomorrow Morning.

Duties laid by Three Acts of the Nineteenth, Twenty-

first, and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty’s Reign, Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Tenants for granting additional Duties upon the Produce of the Order, a Bill to allow Tenants and Sub-tenants, era- Service in several Duties under the Management of the respective ployed in the Fisheries of Great Britain, to commute Fisheries. Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great for Money all Personal Services which they are bound to Britain. perform to their Landlords: And the same was received;

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a and read the First Time.

Second Time; Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, Ordered, That the said Bill be printed, by adding at the End thereof, " not being Lawns or

" Gauzes of Linen ornamented, figured, or sprigged Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill;

" with Cotton." to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, £rintedSllk4»

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question upon the Bill for laying additional Duties on Silks, C

put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the in Great Britain; and also additional Duties upon the

Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That Importation of Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or a Duty of One Penny per Yard, Square, be laid upon mixed with, Cotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, all Stuffs made of Linen and Cotton mixed, and Stuffs in Foreign Parts, be now read, wholly made ot Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, And the said Order being read accordingly; that shall not be of the Value of Three Shillings per Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning It ard in Length, without respect to the Breadth, as next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

7 A Message

24 Geo. III. 50 Augustu411

A Message from the Lords, by "Mr. Montagu and Mr, Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have taken the Subject Matter of the Message from this House into Consideration, and have come to the following Resolutions:

Pranking Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, by the Lords Spiri-MUCbe anc* ^emPora^ *n Parliament assembled, That,

em rs' from and after the End of the present Session of Parliament, no Member of this House do frank any Letter or Packet, unless the whole Superscription be' in his own -^land-writing, and unless, together with the Name of such Member, the Name of the Post Town from which the said Letter or Packet is intended to be sent, and the Day of the Month and Year when the same shall be put into the Post Office, shall be at the same Time superscribed upon such Letter or Packet, which Day of the Month shall be in Words at Length.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, That, from and after the End of the present Session of Parliament, no Member of this House do permit any Letter or Packet to be directed to him at any Place, except where he shall actually be at the Time of Delivery thereof, or at his usual Place of Residence in London: And also,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bricks, &c. Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same; without any Amendment: And also,

Prize Bounty. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for authorising the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty, for taking the jVrench Frigate called L'Amazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford\ and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties; w ithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pranking The House was moved, That the last of the Resolu-Letters by tions which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Members. Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as follow eth; viz.

" Resolved\ That no Letter or Packet sent by the u Post from any Place whatsoever, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, directed by any Member of " the House of Commons, ought to be exempted

u from paying the Duty of Postage according to the

" Rates established by the several Acts of Parliament now’ in force, unless the whole Superscription of -upon every Letter or Packet so sent shall be of the " Hand-writing of the Member directing the same, and shall have indorsed thereon the Name of such " Member, together with the Name of the Post Town - " from which the same is intended to be sent, and the Day of the Month and Year when the same

" shall be to be put into the Post Office, the Day of " the Month to be in ’Words at Length, and the " Whole to be-of the Hand-waiting of the Member; " and that every such Letter or Packet shall be put Vox.. 40.

1

" into the General Pdsl Office, dr other Post Office,

" or into any Receiving House or Place appointed,

" by His Majesty’s Postmaster General, for the Receipt " of Letters and Packets to be forwarded by the Post, on " the Day of the Date put upon such Letter or Packet;

£< and that no Letters or Packets directed to any Member " of the House of Commons ought to be exempted from " paying the Duty of Postage, unless such Letters and " Packets as shall, during the Sitting of Parliament, or " within Forty Days before, or forty Days after any " Summons or Prorogation of the same, be directed to " any such Member at the Place where he shall actually " be at the Time of the Delivery thereof, or at his usual " Place of Residence in London, or at the Lobby of the " House of Commons."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Pill, pursuant to the 9th, loth, nth, 12th, 13th, 14th,

15th, 16th, 17th, and 18th of the Resolutions which, upon the 26th Day of July last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, that no Letter or Packet sent by the Post from any Place whatsoever, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, directed by any Member of either House of Parliament, be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage according to the Rates established by the several Acts of Parliament now in force, unless the whole Superscription upon every Letter or Packet so sent shall be of the Hand-writing of the Member directing the same, and shall have indorsed thereon the Name of such Member, together with the Name of the Post Town from which the same is intended to be sent, and the Day of the Month and Year when the same shall be to be put into the Post Office, the Day of the Month to be in Words at Length, and the Whole to be of the Hand-writing of the Member; and that every such Letter or Packet shall be put into the General Post Office, or other Post Office, or into any Receiving House or Place appointed by His Majesty’s Postmaster General, for the Receipt of Letters and Packets to be forwarded by the Post, on the Day of the Date put upon such Letter or Packet; and that no Letters or Packets directed to any Member of either House of Parliament be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage, unless such Letters and Packets as shall, during the Sitting of Parliament, or within Forty Days before, or Forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation of the same, be. directed to any such Member at the Place where he shall actually be at the Time of the Delivery thereof, or at his usual Place of Residence in London, or at the Lobby of either House of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving Prevention of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Smuggling, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdem was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Frampton, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill inti- &c* Inc*0" tuled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several sure*

Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land called The Reaches, Marsh, and Holmess, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton.

And, the said Amendments tfere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Frampton, &c. Inclo-iure.

411

Pr. 29.

Augusti

A. 1784.

L 11. Leave out "Four," and insert " Five."

L. 13. Leave out " Five," and insert " Six," and, in the same Line, after " Acres" insert " Quality " and Situation considered."

Pr. 31. L. 35. Leave out " Four," and insert

" Five."

L. 40. After " Acres" insert " and an " Half."

Pr. 32. L. 32. Leave out " Four," and insert

" Five."

L. 33. Leave out " Five," and insert

" Six."

L. 34. After " Acres" insert ct and an " Half."

L. 35. Leave out " Two," and insert

" Three," and in the same Line, leave out " and an."

' L. 36. Leave out " Half."

L. 39. Leave out from "to" to " and" in Press 33. Line 2, and insert " make such additional Allotments as are herein after spe-" cified and directed, to the " Owners of Houses herein after " named."

Pr. 33. L. 38. Leave out from " be" to u and" in Press 34. Line 37, and insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And whereas Samuel and William Haslewood, William Jarvis, William Andrew, Matthew Bacon, a Minor, the " Heirs of John Crooks, deceased, Henry Blaxley and " James Foster, Ann Smith,

" Thomas Smith, Thomas Money, Sir Charles Frederick,

" Thomas Barber, John Garjit,

" James Harvey, Robert Boyall, William Ancill, Thomas " Cope, Martin Bacon, and the " Heirs of Shearcroft, de-

" ceased, are the Owners of " certain Houses which have " Right of Common on the " said Fen, and the same arc " so situated, by Reason of " their Vicinity thereto, as to " enable the Owners thereof at " present to reap a greater Advantage from the said Fen,

" than the Owners of other " Common Right Houses at a " greater Distance from the " same: Be it therefore Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Two of " them, be, and they are hereby authorized and required " to make an additional Allotment to the said Samuel " and William Hazleicood\ Wil~

" liam Jarvis, William Andrew, " Matthew Bami, a Minor, " the Heirs of the said John u Crooks, Henry Blaxley and " James Foster, Ann Smith, u Thomas Smith, Thomas Money, Sir Charles Frederick, " Thomas Barber, John Garjit, " James Harvey, Robert Boyall, " William Ancill, Thomas Cope, u Martin Bacon, and the Heire

" of the said John Shearcroft,

" as will make up the Allotments.

" hereinbefore directed to be " made to them respectively* for " each Commonable House,

" equal to Six Acres of the " Medium Value of the Lands " to be inclosed under and by " virtue of this Act." pr# 38. L. 32. Leave out from " them" to " and" in Press 39. Line 3, and insert " in the Proportion " which the Annual Value of " the Allotments so to be " made to the said John Tun-.

" nard, his Heirs and Assigns " as aforesaid, and of the " Tythes of the Sea Marsh 1 f< herein after mentioned, shall,

" in the Judgment of the said " Commissioners, or any Two , " of them, bear to the Annual

" Value of the Allotments so " to be made to the said Robert " Barlow, his Heirs and Assigns,

" in respect of such Glebe Lands " as aforesaid, and the Annual Value of such Glebe " Lands."

Pr. 60. L. 3. Leave out " Rent or."

L. 6. Leave out from "Assigns" ,to " held" in Line 7, and insert " for or on Account of any " Lands to be allotted under " this present Act, in respect " of any Lands or Tenements cc now."

L. 7. After <c held" insert " by Leases."

L. 11. After "any" insert " Lands to

" be allotted under this Act in " respect of any."

L. 14. Leave out from "aforesaid" to " in" in Line 19.

L. 20. Leave out " such/' and insert " any."

L. 25. After " Hereditaments" insert " so to be allotted."

L. 26. After " be " insert respectively."

Pr. 82. L. 17. After " made" insert Clause (B).

Clause (B). " Provided always, and be it <c Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid. That nothing contained in this Act shall erttend, or be construed to extend, to affect or prejudice " any Right which the said " Brownlow Earl of Exeter " hath or may claim to have*

" as Grantee of the Crown,

" to the said Plot of Land " called The Reaches Marshy " provided he makes any such " Claim on or before the First " Day of April, in the Year of " our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-

' " five.,>

And the House being informed, that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments, as far as Clause (B), were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Clause

Wigtown

Writ.

Restoring Scotch forfeited Estates.

York Buildings Company’s Estates.

34 GeO. III. 6° Augusti, 413

Clause (B) the last Amendment being read a Second had directed him to report to the House; and he read Time; the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Several Amendments were proposed to be made Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: thereunto, by leaving out the Words " makes any," Where the Report was read.

and inserting the Words " shall establish ;" and by And the House being informed* that several other leaving out the Word " Claim," and inserting the Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Word " Right" instead thereof. Bill;

And the same were, upon the Question severally put Resolved\ That the said Bill be re-committed* thereupon, agreed to by the House. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon Committee to whom the same was committed, the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Ordered, That all, who come to the said Committee,

Ordered, That Mr. Fenton Cawthonie do carry the Have Voices.

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House

hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Andovrf

ships to the said Bill, with some Amendments to One to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Wnt* of them; to which Amendments this House doth desire for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present the Concurrence of their Lordships. Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir John Griffin Griffin,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Knight of the Most honourable Order of the Bath, now the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Lord Howard, Baron Howard of Walden, called up to the electing of a Commissioner to servq in this present ' the House of Peers.

Parliament for the Shire of Wigtown, in the room of the Honourable Keith Stewart, who, since his Election Orderedt That the Order of the t)ay, for the House Offices and for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Receiver to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Employmeito General of the Land Tax in that Part of Great Britain upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omit- lndemmty* called Scotland. ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ-

ments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or The other Order of the Day being read; others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and whole House upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to for g^g further Time for those Purposes; and to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpora-certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in ti°ns> an(f Borough Towns, whose Admissions have Scotland, which were put under the Management of a keen °mltted to be stamped according to Law, or.

Board of Trustees by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth having been stamped, have heen lost or mislaid, and Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georg? the for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly Second, and to repeal the said Act. stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. as have to make and file Affidavits of the

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Committee. Solicitors, be now read.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Com- Ortfem/, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made That they have Power to receive a Clause for several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed {?vln» further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to him to report, when the House will please to receive the Pay duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures or v r Contracts. # '

Then the House resolved itself into the scud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

‘ Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill 5 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Loans, &c.9 rT'HE Lord Advocate of Scotland Reported from raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loan or Exche-X the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand and amending an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was committed, the of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for expe- Amendments which the Committee had made to the " diting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland, belonging Bill, and which they had directed him to report to 41 to the Yoi'k Buildings Company, for the Relief of the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

" their Creditors," in order to have the unsatisfied and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-Purchase Money of the several Estates distributed ments, in at the Clerks Table: Where tile Amend-among the several Creditors, under the Direction of ments were Once read throughout; and then a the Court of Chancery, subject to certain Restrictions, Second Time, One by One; ana, upon the Question was committed; That the Committee had examined the severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; House.

and that the Parties concerned had given their Con- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; ingrossed. and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

and made several Amendments thereunto, which they Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Vo l. 40. . 5 N Committee

same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.


t

Veneris, 6° die Augusti;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP Regis, 1784. Prayers.

4H

A. 17 84,

Committee of the whole House, to trhom the Bill to postpone the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they'had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-. tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossedl

Supply Bill; Mr. Gilbert4 according to Order, reported from the furtherLoans. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for raising a further Sum of Mqney, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was committed, the Amendments which die Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Excise ia The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Scotland. the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Excise Duties granted as Part of the Funds for Payment of Annuities established by the Acts of the Nineteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty’s Reign.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Restoring Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do Scotch for- make the Report from the Committee of the whole feitedEstates. House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland\ which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, ana to repeal the said Act, was committed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they, had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill, be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Duties on Reading of the Bill to discontinue, for a limited Time, Spiriu. the Piayment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation, and for destroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indiesbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That An Act, made in the British-made Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Cordage.

" An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of " British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the " Drawbacks upon Foreign Rough Hemp exported," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the several Laws " therein mentioned relating to encouraging the making " of Indigo in the British Plantations in Anerica; to €t the registering the Prices at which Corn is sold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the {i Quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the " manufacturing of Leather, by lowering the Duty €< payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when " the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate;

11 to the allowing Timber and Wopd to be exported " from the Island of Dominica into any other of the " British Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in America;

" and to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of u British-made Cordage," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said last-uientioned Act

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Exporting Order, a Bill to revive and continue several Laws r^ea:et0^ relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain oonAe5, Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties GameCertion Certificates issued with respect to the killing of ficates* Game: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

f -

34 Geo. III. 6°

4i5

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot, from 25th June 1784 to 24th cernber following, both inclusive, befog 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to the Secretaries of the Commissioners appointed tq examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to perfect the Purchase of the Soil of the Bahama Islands, and to support the Civil Establishment of the said Islands, in addition to the Salaries now paid out of the Duty Fund to the Public Officers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of Salary proposed to be allowed to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 178410 the 24th of June 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of this House, the making such Compensation to the said Commissioners as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grunted to His Majesty, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being a Committee appointed at a General Meeting of Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills, on behalf of themselves and of the said Proprietors, which

Vol. 40.

was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the -said Committee have Power to make such Alterations as they shall think fit, in the Terms which were offered to the Proprietors of Navy and Victualling Bills by the Resolution of this House of the 30th Day oiJuty last. i

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. . , ‘ ’

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That, they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Orcler, resolved itself Duties ou into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Tea and for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for grant- Hous®* ing to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and also, several additional Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom County the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Gaol* Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties," and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bril, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Hat Licences, on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail, and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on

all

4 i6 6° — 70

all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Prevention of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Smuggling. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Laws made to prevent the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods, and Goods liable to *the Payment of Duties.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Candles. , ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and for granting in lieu thereof other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Annuities. ’ ing next, resolve itself into a Comufittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Transpor- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-tation of ingnext^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Felons. House, upon the Bill for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to reduce the several Statutes concerning Transportation into One Act of Parliament; to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Prevention of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Smuggling, the whole House, to whom the Bill for ‘he more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, was again re-committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 7° die Augusti;

Anno 24° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

SuPPty* TV/f R- Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the -IYJL Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; add are as followeth: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Six hundred Twenty-six Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot, from the 25th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of December following, both Days inclusive, being One hundred and Eighty-three Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability in the Execution^ of the Tru^t reposed in them by Parliament; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven, thousand Pounds,

Augusti A, 1784.

be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been paid to the Secretaries of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, and to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That It is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Eight hundred and Forty-one Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing* maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Two hundred and Twelve Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders* to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Eight hundred and Fifty Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to perfect the Purchase of the Soil of the Bahama Islands, and to support the Civil Establishment of the said Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid out of the Duty Fund to the Public Officers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Salary proposed to be allowed to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of June 1785.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the \Vavs and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee ^ad directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any ' Bills payable in the Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Transports, which were made out on or before the 30th Day of June 1782, who already have carried, or shall, on or before the 10th Day of October 1784, carry the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Offices respectively) to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, shall have, in Exchange for the same, from such Treasurer, or his Paymaster or Cashier, a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for every entire Sum of One or more Hundred Pounds, for which such Certificates are to be made forth, and also, One other Certificate for the Fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, being the Remainder of such Bill or Bills; and the Persons who shall be possessed of such first-mentioned Certificates of the entire Sum of One or more Hundred Pounds, shall, upon the Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, be entitled, in respect of the same, to the Sum of One hundred, and Seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, Capital Stock, for each

One

24 Geo. III. 70 Angus ti. 417

Orta hundred Pounds of such Bills made but on Resolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ways and

or before the said 30th Day of June 1782, the said That an additional Bounty of Two Shillings for every Means. Capital Stock to be attended with Annuities after the Pound Weight Avoirdupoise be allowed upon the Rate of £.5 per Centum per Annum, to commence from Exportation of all Ribbands and Stuffs of Silk (except the 5th Day of July 1784, payable Half-yearly, in lieu Gauzes) made in Great Britain. of all other Interest, the said Annuities to be irre- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

deemable until Twenty-five millions of the Public That an additional Bounty of Two Shillings and Debt, bearing Interest at the Rate of either £. 3 per Eight Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise be Centum per Annum, or £.4 per Centum per Annum, allowed upon the Exportation of all Silks and Ribbands shall have been redeemed and paid oft', and the said mixed with Gold or Silver made in Great Britain.

Annuities to be charged upon a Fund to be established Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee,

in this Session of Parliament, and for which the Fund, That an additional Bounty of One Shilling and Nine commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be a Collateral Pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise be al-Security. lowed upon the Exportation of all Silk Stockings, Silk

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Gloves, Silk Fringes, Silk Laces, Stitching or Sewing That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Silk, made in Great Britain.

Debentures payable out of His Majesty’s Office of Resolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordnance, which were dated on or before the 30th That an additional Bounty of Six Pence for every Day of June 1782, who already have carried, or shall, Pound Weight Avoirdupoise be allowed upon the on or before the 10th Day of October 1784, carry the Exportation of all'Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yam same to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Office of Ord- made in Great Britain.

nance, and shall have the Interest of such Debentures Resolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committed,

computed after the Rate of £4 per Centum per Annum, That an additional Duty of Eight Pence for every from the Expiration of Fifteen Months from the Date Pound Weight Avoirdupoise be allowed upon the Ex-thereof, to the 5th Day of July 1784, shall have a Cer- portation of all Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton made tificate for every One hundred Pounds contained in the in Great Britain.

Amount of the Principal and Interest of such Deben- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tures, and also, a Certificate of the fractional Parts of That an additional Bounty of Four Pence for every One hundred Pounds; the first of the said Certifi- Pound Weight Avoirdupoise be allowed upon the cates to be carried to the Governor and Company of Exportation of all Silk and Worsted made in Great the Bank of England\ for which such Persons shall be Britain.

entitled, in respect of the same, to the Sum of One Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

hundred and Seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Six That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be Pence, Capital Stock, for each One hundred Pounds obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be

of such Debentures, made out on or before the said charged with the Yearly Sum of Five Shillings, if the

30th Day of June 1782, the said Capital Stock to be Quantity of Malt made by him shall not exceed, with-attended with Annuities after the Rate of £.5 per in the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in Centum per Annum, to commence from the said 5th each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Day of July 1784, payable Half-Yearly, the said An- Quantity of Fifty Quarters.

nuities to be irredeemable until Twenty-five millions Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the Public Debt, bearing Interest at the Rate of That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be

either £. 3 per Centum per Annum, or £.4 per Centum obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be

per Annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off, charged with the Yearly Sum of Ten Shillings, if the and the said Annuities to be charged upon a Fund to Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within be. established in this Session of Parliament, and for the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in which the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund' each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the shall be a Collateral Security. Quantity of Fifty Quarters, and be under One hun-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, died Quarters.

That towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

jesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Eight That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be hundred thousand Pounds out of such Monies as have obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Ex- charged with the Yearly Sum of Fifteen Shillings, if cesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues com- the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, with-posing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund. in the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the That, towards making good the Supply granted to Quantity of One hundred Quarters, and be under One His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of One hun- hundred and Fifty Quarters.

dred and Five thousand Eight hundred and Eighteen Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence Farthing, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be Disposition of Parliament charged with the Yearly Sum of One Pound, if the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within That, for and upon all Silver Vessels, Plate, or Ma- the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in nufacture of Silver whatever, which shall be imported each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the and brought into Great Britain, there shall be paid a Quantity of One hundred and Fifty Quarters, and Duty of Six Pence for every Ounce Troy thereof, and shall be under Two hundred Quarters, so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, over Resolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

and above all other Duties now payable thereon. That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be That, for and upon all Gold Vessels, Plate, or Manu- charged with the Yearly Sum of One Pound Five facture of Gold whatever, which shall be imported Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall and brought into Great Britain, there shall be paid a exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day Duty of Eight Shillings for every Ounce Troy there- of June in each Year previous to his taking out the of, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quan- Licence, the Quantity of Two hundred Quarters, and tity, over and above all other Duties now payable shall be under Two hundred and Fifty Quarters, thereon. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

V o l. 40. 5 O That

4*8 7°"9° AugustuA. 1784.

Ways and That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be

leans. obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Two hundred and Fifty Quarters, and be under Three hundred Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be

obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of One Pound Fifteen Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Three hundred Quarters, and be under Three hundred and Fifty Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Three hundred and Fifty Quarters, and be under Four hundred Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds Five Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Liqence, the Quantity of Four hundred Quarters, and be under Four hundred and Fifty Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day qS June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Four hundred and Fifty Quarters, and be under Five hundred Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds Fifteen Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Five hundred Quarters, and be under Five hundred and Fifty Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Three Pounds, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Five hundred and Fifty Quarters.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the First and Second of the said Resolutions.

The House was moved, That the Second of the Resolutions which upon the First Day of July last were reported from the Committee of the whole ' House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and w ere then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, the Sum of Four hundred and " Forty-one thousand Seven hundred and Two " Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence Half-< " penny, out of the Monies or Savings of the several " Army Services, be applied towards defraying the " Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land " Forces, and other Services incurred between the " 1st Day of February 1783, and the 24th Day of " December' following, and not provided for by Parliament."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution, and also pursuant to the 3d and 4th of the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which upon Monday the 26th Day of July last were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, and 12th, of the said Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 9° die Augustin

Anno 24* Georgii III. U Regis, 1784.

Pra ykrs.

MR. Villiers reported from the Committee, to Rowley’s whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- States, tuled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir William Roxvley, to apply Part of the Trust Monies in re-building the Mansion House, called Tend)ing-Hull, and Offices, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Villiers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Offices and Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill tp Empl°y-indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify deranity1" themselves for Offices and Employments, and to 9 indemnify


24 Geo. III. 90 Augusti,410

indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. ’

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rolls Record Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee

Office. who were appointed to consider of a proper Piece of Ground, for erecting an Office for the Clerk of the Records kept in the Rolls Chapel, and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, by the Evidence of John Kipling, Esquire, Clerk of the Records in the Rolls Chapel, That the House now occupied by him as his Office, is Part of the Rolls Estate, and was purchased in the Year 1772, under the Direction of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s 'Treasury, in pursuance of an Address of this House to His Majesty, for the Term of Eleven Years, being 'the Remainder of a Lease held by the Earl of Mac-clesfield, as Residuary Legatee in the Will of Sir Thomas Clarke, late Master of the Rolls; That the said Lease expired on the 5th Day of January, 1783, and that in consequence of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Master of the Rolls is restrained from granting Leases other than at Rack Rent of any Part of the said Estate; That if the present House was to be continued to be used as an Office for the Clerk, it will be necessary to provide an Annual Fund to defray the Expence of Rent, Taxes, and Repairs; That the said J House is inconveniently situated, being at a Distance

from the Rolls Chapel, and the Rooms are not sufficiently large for the Purpose of transacting the Public Business of the said Office; and that the present Master of the Rolls has therefore consented that a New Office should be erected upon a Piece of Ground adjoining to the Rolls Chapel, which will be more conveniently situated for transacting the Business of the said Office.

And it appeared to Your Committee, by the Evidence of Sir William Chambers, principal Officer of His Majesty’s Works, That an Office may be conveniently erected upon the said Piece of Ground, and that the Expence of the said Building will amount to the Sum of 1,500; and he added, that there is included in the said Estimate, an Apartment for the necessary Accommodation of the Secretaries to the Master of the Rolls, the Expence of which will amount to Three hundred Pounds.

Upon which Your Committee came to the following Resolution:

V o l. 40*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a certain Piece of Ground adjoining to the Rolls Chapel, and belonging to the Master of the Rolls in Right of his Office, is a proper Piece of Ground whereon to erect an Office for the Clerk of the Records in the Rolls Chapel, including an Apartment for the Secretaries to the Master of the Rolls.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, American That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remove all Loyalists. Doubts concerning the State and Condition of American Loyalists as Subjects of this Kingdom.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money Supply Bill; by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Loan, &c. One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to postpone the Payment of the payments by Sum of Two Millions advanced by the Governor and the Bank. Company of the/ Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven bun-dren and Eighty-one, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to postpone the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty cer- Supply Bill; tain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, Horses, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Restoring to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Scotch Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland; ^rfelted which were put under the Management of a Board of Lstates’ Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving Interest on the Money to be paid to the Register Office, and the Canal.

And the said Clause was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland\ which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth

Year

420

A. 1784,

Exporting Wheat to Colonies, &c

Cences.

Supply Bill; Game Certificates.

Order

discharged.

Ditto.

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Henrij Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in* Casks, to "Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the "whole House.

Resolved, That this. House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail, and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Thursday last, c‘ That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for u laying additional Duties on Silks, Linens, and " Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Im-M portation of Linen Cloth and Stuffs made of, or u mixed with, Cotton printed, painted, stained, or 11 dyed in Foreign Parts, is committed; That they u have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pur-u suant to the Resolutions which ’were that Day re-u ported from the Committee of the whole House, to " whom it w as referred to consider further of Ways " and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying additional Duties on Silks, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; and also, additional Duties upon the Importation of Linen Cloth and Stuffs, made of, or mixed with, Cotton printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Foreign Parts, be no w„ read.

And the said Order hiring read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

The House was moved) That the Resolutions which, Ways and upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee Means, of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as amended and agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth: viz.

u Resolved, That a Duty of One Penny per Yard,

" Square, be laid upon all Stuffs made of Linen and

tc Cotton mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton

" Wool, wove in Great Britain, that shall not be of " the Value of Three Shillings per Yard in Length,

" without respect to the Breadth, as shall be bleached " or dyed in Great Britain, not being Lawns, or " Gauzes of Linen ornamented, figured, or. sprigged " with Cotton."

" Resolved, That a Duty of Two Pence per Yard,

" Square, be laid upon all Stuffs made of Linen and

" Cotton mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton " Wool, wove in Great Britain, that shall be of the " Value of Three Shillings and upwards per Yard in " Length, without respect to the Breadth, as shall " be bleached or dyed in Great Britain, not being " Lawns, or Gauzes of Linen ornamented, figured, u or sprigged with Cotton." c< Resolved, That every Bleacher or Dyer of Stuffs " made of linen and Cotton, or of Stuffs wholly

" made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, shall

" Annually take out a Licence, and pay for the same " the Sum of Two Pounds."

" Resolved, That a Duty of Three Farthings per <c Yard, Square, be laid upon all printed, painted,

" stained, or dyed Linen Cloth in Great Britain, made

" of Flax or Hemp, except such Linen Cloth as shall " be dyed throughout of One Colour only."

" Resolved, That a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny i€ per Yard, Square, be laid upon the Importation of all " Stuffs made of, or mixed with, Cotton not painted,

" printed, stained, or dyed."

" Resolved, That the said Duties be charged with a the additional Duties laid by Three Acts of the " Nineteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years " of His Majesty’s Reign, for granting additional Duties " upon the Produce of the several Duties under the " Management of the respective Commissioners of the <c Customs and Excise in Great Britain"

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And That Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr.

Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose, presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Sinking of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying Fund* certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Frauds m who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Postage, pursuant to the 9th, loth, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th,

16th, 17th, and 18th of the Resolutions which, upon the 26th Day of July last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w>as referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and w^ere then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in Relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage.

Mr.

24 Geo. III. 90 Augusti. 421

Treaty with Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the

Tippoo House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Sultaun Copy of a Treaty of Peace with the Nabob Tippoo

Sultaun Bahauder, signed the 11th Day of March

1784.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

The said Copy is as followeth; viz.

/ The Company’s \ TREATY of Peace with the Na-V Sod- t bob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder.

t Tippoo Sultaun’s \ _ _ , _ .

\ Seal.,) Treaty of perpetual Peace and

Friendship, between the Honourable the English East India Company and the Nabob Tippoo Saltaun Bahauder, on his own Behalf, for the Countries of Seringapatam, Hyder Nagur, &c\ and all his other Possessions, settled by Anthony Sadlier, George Leonard Staunton, and John Huddleston, Esquires, on Behalf of the Honourable English East India Company, for all their Possessions,' and for the Carnatic Payen Gaut, by virtue of Powers delegated to the Right honourable the President and Select Committee of Fort Saint George for that Purpose, by the Honourable the Governor General and Council, appointed by the King and Parliament of Great Britain to direct and controul all Political Affairs of the Honourable the East India Company in India, and by the said Nabob, agreeably to the following Articles, which are to be strioly and invariably observed, as long as the Sun and Moon shall last, by both Parties; (that is to say) by the English Company and the Three Governments of Bengal, Madras, and Bombay, and the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder.

Article 1st.

Peace and Friendship shall immediately take place between the said Company and the Nabob Tippoo Sul-taun Bahaudet'j and their Friends and Allies, particularly including therein the Rajahs of Tanjore and Trail encore, who are Friends and Allies to the English and the Carnatic Payen Gaut; also Tippoo Sultaun s Friends and Allies, the Biby of Cannanore, and the Rajahs or Zemindars of the Malabar Coast, are included in this Treaty. The English will not, directly or indirectly, assist the Enemies of the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder, nor make War upon his Friends or Allies; and the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder will not, directly or indirectly, assist the Enemies, nor make War upon the Friends dr Allies of the English.

Article 2d.

Immediately after signing and sealing the Treaty by the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder, and the Three English Commissioners, the said Nabob shall send Orders for the complete Evacuation of the Carnatic, and the Restoration of all the Forts and Places in it now possessed by his Troops, the Forts of Amboorgur and Satgur excepted; and such Evacuation and Restoration shall actually and effectually be made in the Space of Thirty Days, from the Day of signing the Treaty; and the said Nabob shall also, immediately after signing the Treaty, send Orders for the Release of all the ‘Persons who were taken and made Prisoners in the late War, and now alive, whether European or Native, and for their being safely conducted to and delivered at such English Forts or Settlements as shall be nearest to the Places where they now are, so that the said Release and Delivery of the Prisoners shall actually and effectually be made in Thirty Days from the Day of signing the Treaty; the Nabob will cause them to be supplied with Provisions and Conveyances for the Journey, the Expence of which shall be made good to him by the . Company: The Commissioners will send an Officer, or Officers, to accompany the Prisoners to the different Places where they are to be delivered; in particular, Jbuul JVahab Cawn, taken at Chitoor, and; his Family, 40. . -

shall be immediately released, and, if willing to return to Treaty with the Carnatic, shall be allowed to do so. If any Person Tippoo or Persons belonging to the said Nabob, and taken by the Company in the late War, be now alive, and in Person w in Bencoolen, or other Territories of the Company, such Person or Persons shall be immediately released, and, if willing to return, shall be sent without Delay to the nearest Fort or Settlement in the Mysore Country;

Baswapa, late Amuldar of Palicacherry, shall be released, and at Liberty to depart.

Article 3d.

Immediately after signing and sealing the Treaty, the English Commissioners shall give written Orders for the Delivery of Onore, Carwar, and Sadashevagada, and Forts or Places adjoining thereto, and send a Ship or Ships to bring away the Garrisons. The Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder will cause the Troops in those Places to be supplied with Provisions, and any other necessary Assistance for their Voyage to Bombay (they paying for the same): The Commissioners will likewise give at the same Time written Orders for the immediate Delivery of the Forts and Districts of Caroor, Auracourchy, and Daraparam; and immediately after the Release and Delivery of the Prisoners, as before mentioned, the Fort and District bf Dindigul' shall be evacuated and restored to the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder, and none of the Troops of the Company shall afterwards remain in the Country of the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahaiuler.

Article 4th.

As soon as all the Prisoners are released and delivered, the Fort and District of Cannanore shall be evacuated and restored to Ali Rajah Biby, the Queen of that Country, in the Presence of any One Person, without Troops, whom the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder may appoint for that Purpose; and at the same Time that the Orders are given for the Evacuation and Delivery of the Forts at Cannanore and Dindigul, the said Nabob shall give written Orders for the Evacuation and Delivery of Amboorgur and Satgur to the English, and in the mean Time none of the Troops of the said . Nabob shall be left in any Part of the Carnatic, except in the Two Forts above mentioned.

Article 5th.

After the Conclusion of this Treaty, the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder will make no Claim whatever in future on the Carnatic.

Article 6th.

All Persons whatsoever, who have been taken and carried away from the Carnatic Payen Gaut (which includes Tanjore) by the late Nabob Hyder Alt Cawn Bahauder, who is in Heaven, or by the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder, or otherwise, belonging to the Carnatic, and now in the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder s Dominions, and willing to return, shall be immediately allowed to return, with their Families and Children, or as soon as may be convenient to themselves; and all Persons belonging to the Vencatagcherry Rajah, who were taken Prisoners in returning from the Fort of Vellour, to which Place they had been sent with Provisions, shall also be released, and permitted immediately to return. Lists of the principal Persons belonging to the Nabob Mahomed Ali Cawn Bahauder, and to the Rajah of Vencatagcherry, shall be delivered to the Nabob Tippoo Sultauns Ministers; and the Nabob will cause the Contents of this Article to be publicly notified throughout his Country.

Article 7th.

This being the happy Period of general Peace and Reconciliation,4 the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder, as a Testimony and Proof of his Friendship to the English, agrees that the Rajahs or Zemindars on this 5 P Coast,

4$*

p° Angus

A. 1784*

Cftflst, wlid hate favoured the English in the tote War, shall not he molested on that Account.

Article 8th.

The Nabob Tippoo Sultaunhereby re-

news and confirms all the Commercial Privileges and Immunities given to the English by the late Nabob Hyder Ali Cawn Bahauder,who is in Heaven, and particularly stipulated and specified in the Treaty between the Company and the said Nabob, concluded the 8th of August 1770.

Article 9th.

The Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bdhauder shall restore the Factory and Privileges possessed by the English at Callicut until the Year 1779 (or 1193 Hegira) and shall restore Mount Dilly and its District, belonging to the Settlement of Tellicherryand possessed by the English, till taken by Sadar Cawn at the Commencement of the late War.

Article t oth.

This Treaty shall be signed and sealed by the English Commissioners, and a Copy of it shall afterwards be signed and sealed by the President and Select Committee of Fort Saint George, and returned to the Nabob Tippoo Sultaun Bahauder, in One Month, or sooner, if possible; and the same shall be acknowledged under the Hands and Seals of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and the Governor and Select Committee of Bombay, as binding upon all the Governments in India; and Copies of the Treaty, so acknowledged, shall be sent to the said Nabob in Three Months, or sooner, if possible.

In Testimony whereof the said contracting Parties have signed, Sealed, and interchangeably delivered Two Instruments of the same Tenor and Date; to wit, The stud Three Commissioners, on Behalf of the Honourable English East India Company and the Carnatic Payen Gout; and the said Nabob Tippoo Sultaun ! Bahauder,on his own Behalfj and the Dominions of Seringapatttm, and Hyder Nagur, &c\ Thus executed bt Mangalore {otherwise called Codial Bunder) this 1i th Day of March, and Year 1784 of the Christian ./Era, and 16th Day of the Moon Rabillasany, in the Year of the Hegua 1198.

Signed,

Tippoo

amjBuStg

AnthJ Sadleir,

Geo. Leonard Staunton,

John Huddleston,

A true Copy.

JV. C. Jackson, "Secretary to the Embassy.

Ordered, That the said Copy do life upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; Postage.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to 'Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Ratfes of Postage for Conveyance of Letters " for Sale, be obliged to take out a

*-j t» 1 1 *ii. nr? . ..l _ t/i_j__ a t il.h 1 1____ 1 . *,1

and Packets by the Post, within the Kingdom of *Great Britain, and for further preventing 'Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with Cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Supply B21; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Lutiesaa on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also, Pate* certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Silks der, a Bill for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, and for allowing a Drawback upon the Export tation of Silks and Stuffs mixed with Silk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Excise for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out Licence*, by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned, was commuted.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in bk Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be-recommitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House w>as moved, That the Twelve last of the Waysanl Resolutions, which, upon Saturday last, were reported Means, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the -Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read iaccordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt

for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, whidi u Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Five Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall not exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to ihfe taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Fifty Quarters."

Resohed, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt

Licence, which

Supply Bill;

Printed

Liueos.

Mr. Rode presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting ito His Majesty additional ^Duties on Linehs printed, -painted, stained, or dyed, :in Great Britain, and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and,

Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of " Ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by u him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twentythird Day of June in each Year previous to his taking " out the Licence, the Quantity of Fifty Quarters, and u be under One hundred Quarters." c< Resohed, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt u for 'Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which t( Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum Of " Fifteen Shillifigs, if the Quantity of Malt made by iC him1 shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenr " ty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his 2 " taking

44 Geo. III.

9° Augusti,

taking out the Licences* the Quantity of One hundred Quarters, and be under One hundred and Fifty Quarters."

" Rqsolved, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of One Pound, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of One hundred and Fifty Quarters, and shall be under Twq hundred Quarters."

" Resolved That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of One Pound Five Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within die Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Two hundred Quarters, and shall be under Two hundred and Fifty Quarters."

" Resolved, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings, if the Quaptjty of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Two hundred and Fifty Quarters, and he under Three hundred Quarters."

" Resolved, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum One Pound Fifteen Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Three hundred Quarters, and be under Three hundred and Fifty Quarters."

" Resolved, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty*-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Three hundred and Fifty Quarters, and be under Four hundred Quarters."

M Resolved, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, be obliged tp take out ,u licence, which licence shall ,he charged with the Yearly Svw of Two Pounds Five Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Four hundred Quarters^ and be under Four hundred and Fifty Quarters."

" Resolved, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt rfor Sale, be obliged to take out a Licence, which Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings, if the Quantity of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out the Licence, the Quantity of Four hundred and Fifty Quarters, and be under Five hundred Quarters."

" Resolved, That every Maltster, or Maker<of Malt for Sale, bp obliged to fake out a Licence, which licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of Two Ppunds Fifteen Shillings, if the Quantity »of Malt made by him shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third JDay of June in :eaeh Year previous to U\s taking out ,the Licence, [the Quantity of Five hundred Quarters, , and be under Five hundred and Fifty Quarters."

Resold, That every Maltster, or Maker of Malt

\ you 40. - ....

423

" for Sale, be obliged tp take out a Licence, which " Licence shall be charged with the Yearly Sum of " Three Pounds, if the Quantity of Malt made by him " shall exceed, within the Year ending the Twenty-third " Day of June in each Year previous to his taking out " the Licence, the Quantity of Five hundred and Fifty " Quarters."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying certain Duties uppn Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned, is re-committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, American That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State Loyalist*, and Condition of Persons, w ho, not being Natives of America, but have been resident there, and have during the late Troubles adhered to His Majesty, and have, iii consequence thereof, suffered vexatious Losses and Distresses, and have been obliged to take Refuge within some Part of His Majesty’s Dominions.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuities, upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Thq House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please tp receive the sameP i

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrovy Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lockton Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the C(om- Inclosure* man Arable Fields Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Dewes' for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend Estates. John Dewes, Clerk, in the Counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out 4be Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The

Supply Bill;

Hackney

Coaches.

Regulation of East India Affairs.

Bows s\ &c. Estates,

4 H

90 Augu

A. 1784.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to irapower Margaret Bowes, Spinster, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Thorotont and Jwwe his Wife, and the Reverend Robert Croft, and Elizabeth his Wife, to grant Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Northumberland\ and County Palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain Parts of the same Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to impower Margaret Bowes, Spinster, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Thoroton, and Anne his Wife, and the Reverend Robert Croft9 and Elizabeth his Wife, to

5rant Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Northumberland, and County Palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain Parts of the same Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dewes’, &c. < An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend John Dawes, Clerk, in the Counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon,in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out* the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, wa9 read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Starch and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Soap Dunes. 5^^ securing the Duties on Starch and Soap: And that Mr*. Rose, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Prevention of Mr. Gilbei't, according to Order, reported from the Smuggling. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tho more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom - was again re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

- and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were,

with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, That Persons apprehended for a Misdemeanor, shall enter into a Recognizance to a certain Amount „ before they are admitted to Bail.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks; Which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

declaring, That Persons charged with obstructing Officers, contrary to this Act, where the Offence is within the Meaning of the Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, may be committed to be tried on the last mentioned Act

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt Vessels coming from Russia for a limited Time.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Pleasure Boats from the Penalties of the Act for having Arms on Board.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving the whole of the Seizure to the Officer prosecuting, under a certain Value.

And the said Clause was read the First Time; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Biff, declaring, That Offenders in Scotland shall enter into a certain Recognizance.

And the said Clause was twice read with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for punishing Offenders not surrendering after Proclamation.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks.

And it being proposed to subject such Offenders to a capital Punishment;

Resolved, That the 3aid Clause be committed. Resohed, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said 'Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clausej with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And the said Clause was added by the House to the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for punishing Persons harbouring Offenders against whom a Proclamation shall have been issued.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank. And it being proposed to declare that such Persons, returning from Transportation before tthe Expiration of their Term, shall be deemed guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy;

Resohed, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.'

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the ’House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the 'said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Clause,

24 Geo. lit 9* — i<? Jugusti. 425

Clause, with the Amendment, in at llie Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the said Clause was added by the House to the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrosed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Plympton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Earle Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton Earle, in the County of Devon, in the room of Paul Treby Oimy, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough^ hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Des borough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Supply Bill;* Otrlered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Candles* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britavi, and for granting, in lieu thereof, other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, apd upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Cronty An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act,

GaoU. made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign

of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Counties;" and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for authorizing Individuals and Corporate Bodies, being Proprietors of Gaols, to rebuild and repair them under the Powers of this Act

And the said Clause was read the First Time; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 26. 1. 26. To leave out " said 1st Day of " September 1784," and insert " 24th Day of June 1785," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to By the House; and the Bill was. amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their " respective Countiesand for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Vol. 40.

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Transport*-upon the Bill for the effectual Transportation of Felons tion of and other Offenders, and to reduce the several Statutes Felont* concerning Transportation into One Act of Parliament; to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be.now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten'of the Clock.

Martis, 10° die Augiisti;

Anno 240 Georgii IIP Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons whose j)ownto Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of Election? the Borough of Downton, -in the County of Wilts, was delivered m at the Table, and read; Setting forth,

That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Dazvnton, the Honourable William Seymour Conway, and the Honourable Edward Bouverie, were Candidates; and that the said Election came ou at Downton aforesaid on the 26th Day of July last, and a Poll being demanded, the same was taken before James Serle, Esquire,

Bailiff of the Hundred and Borough of Downton aforesaid, who acted as the Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that John Dagge, Esquire, under an Appointment as Deputy to Joseph Elderton, Esquire, the Steward of the Manor and Borough of Downton aforesaid, did also take upon himself to act as the Returning Officer of the said Borough, and a Poll was also taken by the said John Dagge; and that a very great Majority of the legal Votes of the said Borough were tendered in Favour of the said William Seymour Conway by the Petitioners and divers other Freeholders of the said Borough unto the said James Serle, and also' to the said John Dagge; and that the said James Serle did unlawfully reject divers legal Votes which were tendered unto him in Favour of the said William Seymour Conway, as aforesaid, and received several illegal Votes in Favour of the said Edward Bouverie, yet nevertheless a very great Majority of legal Votes having been tendered and given at the said Election, and admitted by the said James Serle in Favour of the said William Seymour Cqnway, the said James Serle did thereupon declare the said Widiam Seymour Conway to be duly elected, and hath accordingly returned him as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said John Dagge, at the said Poll so taken by him, did unlawfully and partially reject several legal Votes which were so as aforesaid tendered in Favour of the said William Seymour Conway, and did receive many illegal Votes in Favour of the said Edward Bouverie, and under Colour of a pretended Majority in Favour of the said Edward Bouverie, did declare him to be duly elected, and, notwithstanding the said real Majority in Favour of the said William Seymour Cofizcay, hath taken upon himself falsely and illegally to make a Return of the said Edward Bouvei'ie as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the said William Seymour Conway, and in direct Violation of the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners, and of the other legal Electors of the said Borough, and, the Sheriff of the said County of Wilts hath annexed to his Writ the Indentures of both the said Returns; and that the said Edward Bouverie, by himself and his 5Q Agents,

4 26 10° Augu A. 1784.

Agents, and divers other Persons in his Behalf, were guilty of Bribery, and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, at and before the said Election, in order to procure him the said Edward Bouverie to be returned for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the said William Seymour Coirway, and in violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and of the Law of Elections: And therefore praying the House, as well on the Behalf of the said William Seymour Conway, as of themselves and others Electors of the said Borough, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 9th Day of December next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Dawnton, in the County of Wilts, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or t Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,

the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Offices and An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Employ- f' omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ-?udeS 'tv Bients> andt0 indemnify Justices of the Peace or others,

1 who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and tile Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices arid Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, 01 to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Christ Sir Herbert Mackxvorth reported from the Commit-

Church Poor. tee> whom the Bill for providing a Workhouse within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and for raising Money for that Purpose, and to discharge Debts already contracted on Account of the Poor, and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and' pre-

serving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Church* warden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer of the same Parish, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Landlords, Owners, and Inhabitants of Houses and Land, within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Edwards reported from the Committee, to Bishop* whom the Petition of George Bishop, Proprietor of the Geneve. Maidstone Geneva Manufactory, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Samuel Bicknell being examined, said, That he is a Dealer in Spirits, and lives in Bishopsgate Street —

That he was employed by Mr. Bishop, of Maidstone (the Petitioner), merely as his Agent for the Sale of Geneva, in London — That he opened the Warehouse in Bishopsgate Street in 1779 > Mr. Bishop residing at his Manufactory at Maidstone, making it necessary for him to have some House in Town for the Sale of the Geneva — That Mr. Bishop lived in Holland a considerable Time — That Holland Geneva was universally allowed to be superior to any other, till Mr. Bishop brought his to Perfection; when his was esteemed to be at least equal, if not superior, to that made in Holland, insomuch that it is very difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish the one Spirit from the other —

That many People who have dealt in Spirits, and have bought Mr. Bishop's Geneva, have declared they could not distinguishsit from Foreign — That he is acquainted with the Nature of Mr. Bishops Process in making the Geneva, and knows, that the larger the Quantity of Wash is that is used in making the Geneva, the better the Quality of it is.

That when Mr. Bishop'first brought this Geneva to Market, he had a great Sale for it, and the Demand increased very much — That he had no Complaint with regard to the Quality; and that Orders were received for such great Quantities, that Mr. Bishop could not make it fast enough to supply his Customers; but that since- Mr. Bishop was prevented l^y the Law from working in the Manner he used to do, he has received Two or Three hundred Letters, complaining that the Quality of the Spirit then manufactured by him was so bad, that it was not saleable — That Mr. Bishop's greatest Sale was where the most Smuggling was carried on; and that, the Smugglers could not supply themselves with Foreign Geneva on lower Terms than they could be supplied with it from Mr. Bishop — That there are People called Duffers, who hawk Liquors about Town, who used to buy Spirits from Ships, and run it in; but when Mr. Bishop made iiis Geneva, of the Quality he did (till stopped working by the Act of Parliament) they bought it of him, and sold it for smuggled Holland Geneva* — That Mr. Bishop used

24 Geo. III.

io° Aug

427

to send great Quantities of Geneva to the tVest Indies, whither scarce a Ship went without some; that before they were supplied from his Manufactory, they used Xo take British Brandy and smuggled Geneva, as he has been informed, but it not being so good as Mr. Bishop's Spirit, they had not a proper Sale for it. — And being asked, What he should suppose the Price per Gallon of the Maidstone Geneva as distilled by Mr. Bishop would be, supposing the Prayer of his Petition to be granted? he said 5s. 6d. per Gallon, if the Duties are taken off, and 6$. 6d. if not — That the Proportion of the Proof of the Maidstone Geneva to that smuggled from Abroad is, as near as can be calculated, One Shilling per Gallon in Favour of the former.

That the Price of smuggled Holland Geneva in London, is from 6s. to 6s. 6d. per Gallon; and that generally only the ordinary Sort of Geneva is smuggled. — And being asked, What Price Mr. Bishop's Geneva sold for in London ? he said. The same as at Maidstone; the Carriage being by Water, and so low, as not to be a Farthing a Gallon.

Mr. Edward Layton being then examined, said, That he is a Backmaker in Southwark — That Mr. Bishop's Geneva is entirely different from any other British Spirit that he ever tasted or heard of — That he travels a great deal in Kent and Sussex, and particularly those Parts where Smuggling has been greatly carried on — That during the Time Mr. Bishop's Distillery was in fullest Work, the People of the Towns and Villages on the Coast preferred his Geneva to that smuggled from Abroad; and that in general it was called for in particular by Name.

That during the first Ten Years of Mr. Bishop's Manufactory, his Bill to him as a Backmaker did not exceed £ 500; but in the Space of Two Years and an Half from the Year 1780, he received of Mr. Bishop £. 1,099. 9* for Work done in his Branch of Business only.

Mr. John Rixon being examined, said, That he is a Cooper — That about Ten Years ago he was in the Spirit Trade — That he was employed by Mr. Bishop to sell his Geneva in London, and sold it with great Success before the Time he opened the said Warehouse in Bishopsgate Street — That he found some Difficulty at first, from Persons having imbibed a Prejudice against JSri/isA-made Geneva, from having tasted the Spirit then made by some Dutchmen at Islington, which Manufactory has since been discontinued; but that some Time after he began to sell it, he had so great a Demand, that he sold it as fast as he could draw it — That it was equal to the best Holland Geneva; that it mixes perfectly fine with Water, and better than any other British Geneva, which mixes foul, and with h Blue Cast — That he never met with any Person who could distinguish it from Holland Geneva; and that, could he have been furnished with it at 6d. a Gallon cheaper, he could have sold great Quantities to the People called Duffers — That the Reason why he gave up the Sale of the Geneva, was, that when he made Application for more, Mr. Bishop had stopped working.

Mr. James Dace being then examined, said, That he is a Merchant, and has been a Captain in the French and Dutch Trade for near 30 Years — That he has often, in the Course of Trade, brought home some Quantities of Holland and Dunkirk Geneva — That while Mr. Bishop made his Geneva in its full Perfection, it was preferred to the Holland Geneva — That the Average Price of Geneva Abroad is about 18 d. per Gallon — That the Smugglers now sell it in the Medway from 4*. to 6,?. per Gallon — That he has known One Man bring into the River Medway near 40,000 Gallons in a Month — That he has known the Smugglers buy Mr. Bishops Geneva, in order to sell it again for Holland Geneva.

V^l. 40.

Your Committee thinking it necessary to be in- Bishop’s formed of the Nature of the Process used by Mr. Geneva-Bishop, in the making of his Geneva, called him before them; when he informed Your Committee, That the Materials from which his Geneva is made, are Barley, Rye, and Malt; that he is obliged to use a large Portion of Rye, which is an indispensable Article in the Manufactory, and is of such a glutinous 1 Quality, that it must be diluted very much, or the Wash made from it will burn out the Bottom of the Still, which is frequently the Case in Holland, where they often burn out the Bottom of a Still in Six Weeks — That if he was to make the Wash from the Materials not so diluted, and strong enough to produce One Gallon of Spirits (One in Ten over Hydrometer Proof) out of every Six Gallons of Wash, the Still would be destroyed perhaps in One Day; and that supposing it could be made without destroying the Still, he could not from such Wash make the Sort of Spirit that could be put in Competition with the Holland Geneva.

Mr. Bishop wras then asked, Whether there is any Mode of ascertaining the proportional Density of his best Wash, compared with that of other Distillers, as allowed by Law ? to which he said, That the best Mode is by a small Still, to distil a Part of it; that Method would do it to the greatest Nicety, and the Officer might do it in a small Time — The Officer might try out of every Back 12 Gallons, out of 3,000. —

And being asked, What Length of Time it would take to distil 12 Gallous? he said, From Three to Four Hours —

That Nobody ever made this Sort of Geneva in England, except himself.

Mr. Bishop being then asked, If he could form any Idea of the Quantity of Geneva smuggled into this Country? said, That, according to the best Calculation he can make, it must be about Four Millions of Gallons annually. — Being asked, What he thinks the Average Price of Holland Geneva landed on our Coast, and not lowered, to be? he said, 3s. 6d. a Gallon; and that he believes no Geneva is smuggled but what is lowered; that they lower it on the other Side of the Water; and that they grant a false Proof likewise, but that such Proof will be detected by the Hydrometer.

And being then asked. What the Price of Holland Proof Spirit is at Amsterdam ? he said, 1 s. 6d> a Gallon; but that it is of Two per Cent, lower Proof than that made by him.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House w as moved, That the Report which Rolls Record was Yesterday made from the Committee who were Office, appointed to consider of a proper Piece of Ground for erecting an Office for the Clerk of the Records kept in the Rolls Chapel, and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for erecting an Office for the Use of the Clerk of the Records in the Rolls Chapel, including an Apartment for the Secretaries to the Master of the Rolls, upon a certain Piece of Ground adjoining thereto, and belonging to the Master of the Rolls in Right of his Office; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred thereby.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Report, together with the Resolution of the Committee, be humbly laid before Hfe Majesty, at the same Time with the said;

Address.

A Message

J.28

10* Aug.

1784.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

OrUinatirnof The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Foreigners to imp0Wer the Bishop of London, for the Time being, Londou.°P 0t or any ot^er Bishop, to be by him appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon, or Priest, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty’s Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of Allegiance as appointed by Law; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Whitworth’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estates. vesting Part of the several Estates of Richard Whitworth, Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled Estates, in the same County, of greater Value; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordination of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An b° Bishop of to imPower the Bishop of London, for the Time London. being, or any other Bishop, to be by him appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon, or Priest, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty’s Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of Allegiance as appointed by Law, was read the Pirst Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Whitworth’s

Estates.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the several Estates of Richard Whitworthy Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled Estates, in the same County, of greater Value, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Starch and Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to

Soap Duties. Order, a Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch and Soap: And the same was received; and read the , First Time.

Rcsolvedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also, certain

Plate. Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rcsolvedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mornings resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain addi- Supply Bill j tional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Postage. Packets by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum Supply Bill; of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying Sinking certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the I un Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Supply Bill j the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Candlei. for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and for granting, in lieu there* of, other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Du-Duties on ties on Linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Linens. Great Britain, and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuff's bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with, Cotton,

not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Silks irn- A Bill foi; granting additional Duties upon Raw and ported. Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britabi into Parts beyond the Seas, and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk, was read a Second Time,

Mr. GUbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bilh Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Annuities-granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, wras committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Colonial posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Powers granted to His Majesty, by an Act of . menca the Twenty-third Year of His Reign, for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies or

V

ft

*1

Frampton

Inclosure.

Colonial Trade with America.

24 GeO. Ill* lo° Augusli. 4^9

or- Plantations in America, %Vith rgs)3ect to fc^rtain Arti-ticles therein to be mentioned.

Resolved, That the said Proposition be referred to . the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Proposition.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow -eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Powers granted to His Majesty in Council, by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of His Reign, to give such Directions, and make such Regulations, with respect to Duties, Drawbacks, or otherwise, for carrying on the Trade and Commerce between the People and Territories belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, and the People and Territories of the United States of America, as to His Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and necessary, should extend in like Manner to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the Bi'itish Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same relates to Iron, Hemp, and Sail Cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on The Baltic, which may be exported from this Kingdom.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.*

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfoi'd and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to One of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Parcels of Common, Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland\ in the County of Lincoln; and also, certain Plots of Land called 7'he Reaches March and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of General James Murrdy, late C&ptain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Afi-norca, and Vice Admiral of the same, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in consequence of a Verdict obtained against the Petitioner, for the Payment of a Sum of Money, a Minute was made by the late Board of Treasury, on the 15th Day of December last, for paying to the Petitioner the said Sum, which, he is informed, the present Commissioners of the Treasury do not think themselves warranted to pay; and, under these Circumstances, he finds himself compelled to the Necessity of seeking Relief from the House; but, not having been aware of any Difficulty in the Payment of the Money above-mentioned, he did not present a Petition within the Time limited by the House for receiving private Petitions: And therefore praying That the

House will (under the particular Circumstances above stated) permit the said Petition to be received in the like Manner as if the same had been presented on or before the 16th Day of June, pursuant to the Order of the House.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said General James Murray„

Then a Petition of General James Murray, late Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Minorca, and Vice Admiral of the same, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read Setting forth, That the Petitioner, being entrusted with those arduous and important Offices in the said Island, did conceive himself, agreeable to his Commissions and Instructions, invested with the Power of removing or suspending till His Majesty’s Pleasure should be known, any Officer whose Conduct appeared either seditious or disobedient to the just and necessary Regulations of his Government; and repre* senting to the House, that James Sutherland, being Commissary or Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court of the Island of Minorca, did commit divers Things, tending to involve the former Governors, as well as the Petitioner, in Disputes with the Natives of the Island, by raising Jealousies and Discontents amongst them, and did likewise hold a secret Correspondence with Doctor Franklin, the American Ambassador to the Court of France, as appears by his intercepted Letters in the Office of His Majesty’s Secretary of State; and when it appeared to the Petitioner, that the Deputy Registrar of the Admiralty Court, a Man of very mean Circumstances, and of a suspicious Character, was interested in most of the Privateers of the Island, which created Jealousy and Suspicion of Partiality, not only in the Minds of the Inhabitants, but of the Neutral Powers, and the Petitioner judged it indispensably necessary that such Deputy Registrar should be suspended, he publicly and peremptorily refused, in open Court, to accept another, appointed, pro Tempore, by the Petitioner, and thereby endeavoured to obstruct all Proceedings at Law in the said Court; and, to such Breaches of Duty, in his Official Situation, did add the most insolent and gross Behaviour towards the Petitioner, thereby endeavouring to destroy all Obedience to Government, and Subordination whatever: Thus circumstanced, the Petitioner found it absolutely necessary, for the Peace of the Island, and to prevent the Anarchy into which it was falling in the latter End of July 1780, to suspend the said James Sutherland from his Office, until His Majesty’s Pleasure should be known, and to send an 5 R Account

Murray

Claims.

430 10° Avg A: 1784.

Account of the Petitioners Proceedings to the Earl Of Hillsborough, His Majesty’s Secretary bf State, anti also to the Earl of Sandwich, First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, desiring their Advice and Direction what further Steps the Petitioner should take, to prevent the like Abuses in future; and that, immediately upon Suspension of the said James Sutherland, he left the Island, and from Leghorn wrote a most abusive Defiance and Challenge to the Petitioner*) and, upon his Arrival in England, laid his Case before Lord Hillsborough and Lord Sandwich, with a Request to be restored to his Office, who, after hearing the Representation of his Case, thought proper to write Letters approving of the Conduct of the Petitioner, and refusing to restore the said James Sutherland without the Petitioner’s Consent, and in that only upon his making and signing a public Submission to the Petitioner for his atrocious and disobedient Conduct in the Island; and that, immediately $fter His Majesty’s Pleasure was made known to the Petitioner, he consented to receive the said James Sur tkertand on the prescribed Conditions, and he was actually proceeding, as the Petitioner hath been informed, to Minorca, when the Island was invested by the Spaniards', and that, soon after the Petitioners Return to England, in the Month of June 1782, the said James Sutherland commenced a Suit against him in the Court of Exchequer, where it was adjudged* that the Petitioner had no legal Power to remove the said Mr. Sutherland, notwithstanding the Petitioner s Instructions, and the said Mr. Sutherland recovered a Verdict against him for £. 5,000, being the supposed Amount of the Fees received by his Successor in Office* Mr. Collins, whom the Petitioner appointed to act in his Place during the Time of his Suspension, and which Sum, to the great Distress of the Petitioner, was obliged to discharge, together with the Costs of Suit, amounting, in the Whole, to £. 5,525. 17$.; and that the Petitioner, immediately thereupon, presented a Memorial to His Majesty, stating the great Hardship he had suffered, from no other Cause than liia Zeal for His Majesty’s Service, and, that his Conduct having been fully and decidedly approved of by His Majesty’s then Ministers, he expressed his Hope, that he should be relieved* and which the Petitioner apprehends he is entitled to, as his Conduct was so approved, and the great Amount of the Damages was calculated upon the Length of Time the said Mr. Sutherland was continued; in Suspension by His Majesty’s Ministers after the Matter was laid before them; and that, in consequence of his Representation, the Petitioner’s Case was referred to the late Board of Trear sury, who, after a due Consideration, had, as appears by a Minute of that Board, agreed to discharge the same; and; that the Petitioner, in Expectation, from Time to Time, of being reimbursed the said. Sum of £. 5>525* 17$. which he intended, to appropriate to the defraying of some private. Debts* which he has since contracted, had at last the Mortification of being informed, that, notwithstanding the Minute before referred to, some Doubts: have appeared to the Board of the Propriety of defraying the same, agreeably to that Minute, but that it would be proper to apply to this House for Relief: And therefore hoping, That the House will be convinced that the Petitioner, in the Measure he pursued in the Removal of Mr. Su+ therland from hia Office* was actuated by no other Motives than his Zeal for the proper Execution of His. Majesty’s Service* and that the House will grant hin> such Relief as to them shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that thfey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, f as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Johnstone, Mr. Solicitor General* &c<: And they, are to meat Tonnor-e*

row* Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, East India That there, be laid before this House, Copies or Ex-Affairs, tracts of the Correspondence between the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Directors of the East India Company, so far as relates to the Conduct of Major General Sir John Burgoyne, and to the Causes* of his Arrest.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Duties m further Consideration the Report from the Committee Tea of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing 1Iouses* the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and also, several additional Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and Upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yea,]]*; 4Wi( . } 143-

TellersfortheNoc} 40.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 9. 1. 5. were accordingly severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 9. 1. 5. which was to fill the Blank with " Three Shillings," being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " Three," and inserting the Word " Two" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word "Three’* stand Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, several of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House*

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for delivering Tea for Exportation, free of Duty.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; \

which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Fo. 20. I. 11. by leaving out the Word " Three,’* and inserting the Word " Two" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Three* stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Fo. 45. 1. 2. by inserting after the Word " any " the Words " Manse or House of Residence " provided for the Parochial Ministers of the Church of " Scotland, or any."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bilk

Ordered,

24 Geo. III.

io° — 11°

JuguSti.

43*

Colonial Trade with America.

Supply Bill; Hat Li-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing th^ Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail, and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into tins Kingdom,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mornr ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of a Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in^ Exciseabie Commodities therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow* at Twelve of the Clock* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the effectual Transport tation of Felons and other Offenders, and to reduce the several Statutes concerning Transportation into One Act of Parliament; to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other; Purposes therein mentioned. *

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ^loming, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Augusti;

Anno 240 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

Holla Record rpHE Lord Gallway reported to the House, That Office, X their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for erecting an Office for the Use of the Clerk of the Records in the Rolls Chapel, including an Apartment for the Secretaries to the Master of the Rolls, upon a certain Piece of Ground adjoining thereto, and belonging to the Master of the Rolls in Right of his Office ;, and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred thereby) bad been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He jvill give Directions accordingly.

Supply Bill 5

Excise

Licences.

Transportation of Felons.

made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,:

A Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch and Starch and Soap, was read a Second Time. ! t

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Housse. ( j , Clv *

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill... y.

Christ

Church,

Middlesex,

Poor.

Soap Duties

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for providing q Workhouse within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and for raising Money for that Purpose, and to discharge Debts already contracted on account of the Poor, and for further regulating the Manner ,of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving fill Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer ,of the same Parish, was re-committed; That the Committee had Vol. 40,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intjtuied, An Ordinatio»ef Act to impower the Bishop of London, for the Time Foreigners by being, or any other Bishop, to bp by him appokitpek. to admit to the Order of Deacon, or Priest, Persons being n 0IU Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty’s Dominions, without requiring them to takp she Oath of Allegiance as appointed by Law, was read a, Second , r Time, \ ? 1 ' .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed* ,* -t,

Resolved, That the Bill he qqmmitted tOrfl. Committees of the whole House. . ,.vr;

Resolved, That thij House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houses upon the said Bill. ()J f .; i

The . House, accordingly resolved itself mto tta said Committee. ’ xi . ..r

Mr. Speaker left the Chair* /_; t[i, \ t

Mr. Eden took the Chair of the Cqrmmttee^l Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and bad directed him to y ".

report the same to the House, without,) any Amend* ment; and he delivered the Bill in Clerk'd

Table, f; .: .

An ingrossed Bill for granting Annuities; to satisfy Supply Bill; certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bifts* and Annuities. Ordnance Debentures, was read the Third Time#

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert dp carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.; j

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Melasses the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at ^dcjorn the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Dl8U to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the j\juount of the Revenue arising from the Melasses Distillery, from 5th July 1763 to 5 th July 1784, distinguishing the Produce of each Year:

And also,

A11 Account of the Amount af the Revenue arising from the Corn Distillery, from 5th July 1763 to 5th July 1784, distinguishing the Produce of each Year,

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Transpor-a Committee of the jvhple House, upon . the Rill £Uoo of for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other e 0DS'

Offenders,

Supply Bill; Beer Li* tences.

Hemp and

Flax.

Colonial Trade with America.

Duties oh Spirits.

432 iie Augu A. 1784:

Offenders, and so reduce the several Statutes concerning Transportation into One Act of Parliament; to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases'; atld for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair or the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.'

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, And made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the sturife.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish: '

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ate, arid other Exciseable Liquors; without any Amendment.

Arid then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Dtindas presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

Ah Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with the Amount of the Claims for the Bounties granted by Parliament, as exhibited to, and allowed by, His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter Sessions held in their respective Counties at

*783-‘

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to extend the Powers of an Act; made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and'Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies arid Plantations in Amerita, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discontinue. for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation, and for destroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill; and made several

Amendments thereunto 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rrisolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain' Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from.Postage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, for the Loss of certain Privileges taken away by an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations concriming the Portage and Conveyance of Letters " and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and " Ireland."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue by the Importation of prohibited Goods, dr Goods on which a Duty is payable, in Letters or Packets sent by the Post*

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made sevefal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Ordfer of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The

Supply Rill; Gama Certificates.

Supply Bill { Postage.

Supply Bill;

Excise

Licences*

Prevents of Smuggling.

4 Geo. III.

ii

Supply Bill; The House* according to Order, resolved itself into Duties on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Plate, granting to His Majesty certain Duties ont all Gold/ and Silver Plate imported, and also, certain; Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought* Plate made, in Great Britain1 v , v - >,): .;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert todk the Chadr of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker'resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That j^ie Report be received Tomorrow Morning. # ]'

%ppiy

Pinted

£ueus.

Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or ayed in Great Britain, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with, Cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

import- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks and Stuffs mixed with Silk.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Ordered, Thatv the Order of the Day for the House IiatLicences* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties <on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail, and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Exporting Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Whwt to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Colonies, &c. VoL, 40.

Jugusti. 43 3

upon the Bill to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, ana other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the -Supply Bill; House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sinking House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Fund# certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for appropriating the Monies arising by the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, and also by a Land Tax granted to His Majesty by Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament; and also, for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown being applied Jo the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Houses of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Correction. Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, w An Act for the amending, and " rendering more effectual, the Laws in being relative to " Houses of Correction," was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert have Leave to make a Motion, it being Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to 5 S the

Christ

Church,

Middlesex,

Poor.

Downton

Election.

43 44 11W29

the* said BilPbeing' severally1 read- a Second1 Time, vVere^ upon the Question severally* put thereupon, agreed1!© by> the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,’ with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

't.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 1-2* die Augustii , .

' . i .;

Anno 240 Geprj^i IIItu Regis, 1784;

Prayers.

AN ingrossed’ Bill for providing a Workhouse within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, and for raising Money for that Purpose, and to discharge Debts already contracted on Account of the Poor; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden, and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer of the same Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts contracted, on Account of the Poor within the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present? Workhouse of the said Parish, and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden, and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer of the same Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the Honourable Edward Bouverie and the Honourable William Conway were Candidates; and that the Election came on the 26th Day of July last, and a Poll being demanded, the said Edward Bouverie had a clear Majority of legal Votes, and was returned by John Dagge, Gentleman, who is the only proper and legal Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that James Scrie, Gentleman, took upon himself to act also as Returning Officer (although he had no Right so to do) and, on the Poll taken by him, to reject several Votes that offered to poll before him for the said Edward Bouverie, and to admit several Votes for the said William Conway that ought not to have been admitted, and has made a Return of the said William Conway as duly elected, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in manifest Violation of the Freedom of Election, and the Law of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Merits of the said Election into their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem just

A Petition of Charles Hill and James Millett, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election; of a Representative for the said Borough, the Petitioners legally tendered their Votes for the Honourable Edward Bouverie, but, for some Reason unknown to the Petitioners, and to their manifest Injury, tire same were

Augwti. A, 1784-

not received^ uponthePoll: And therefore praying,

That they may 'have an (Opportunity of establishing'

Votes so tendered at the said) Election, in' such Manner astotheHouseshali seemi meet.

And the^sakl Petitions were/sevenrilyt ocdfered) to be taken into Consideration upon Thursdaythe 9th Day of December next, at the same Time that the Petition of 1 the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed;. Freeholders of the' Borough ofi Bwmtxm, in the< County of Wilts^ is ordered! to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts; madfe in (the 10 th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to' regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, *

or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, 1

the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent/ I

to the'Parties,; accompanied with Orders for 4

their Attendance, by. themselves, their Counsel, *

or, Agents; at the Time on which the said Pe- .

titions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Exporting Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Wheat to to revive and continue several Laws relating to the Colonies, allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, n

and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback of the 1

Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on v

board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Transporta-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tionoffdoni. the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to reduce the several Statutes concerning Transportation into One Act of Parliament; 40 authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ordination ot to impower the Bishop of London, for the Time being, Foreigners by or any other Bishop, to be by him appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon, or Priest, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions,

%4 Geo. III. . itfjfagustf.

435

Sifcimport*

erff&c*

Sqpply Rill Postage.

(efkpply Bill;

printed

Linens.

Dominions, without: requiring them to tajke the Oath of tAllegiance as appointed by Law, was read the /Third Time.

Resolved, TfaaUtherfiiU dojpass.

Ordered, That Mr. Eden do camr the Bill; to the Lords; and acquaint them/ thatth&rHouse hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gilbert, according tq Order* reported' from, the Committee of the whole House,1 to whom the Bill for. granting: additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, , and upon Lead exr ported from Great Britain: into Parts beyond the Seas, and foriiallpwing/aDrwbaclc upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk, was committed* the Amendments which the Committee, had ntado ta the Bill, and which they had directed himto report to the House; and he read the Report in hia Place;land afterwards delivered r the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the; Amendments

were Once read throughout;. and then a, Second Time, One by One; ana, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were.agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and; receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage, was committed,

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to he reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as, far as. Clause (G) being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (C) the next Amendment made by the Committee to;the said Bill, for making Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State; for the Loss of certain Privileges taken away by an Act: of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing " certain Regulations concerning the Portage and 4t Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post u between Great Britainand Ireland," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered tobe added to the Bill, to.exr tend the Provisions thereof to Persons authorized by any Act of Parliament, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens printed, painted, stained; or dyed in Great Britain, and Vol. 40.

for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed, m, \Grmt)Br\tqxn, and on Licences for, bleaching oje dying, the satpe* upon the Importation of Stuffs; nipde. of, or mixetf with, Cotton, not pointed, pointed, stoned, or dyefl, in Foreign Rarts, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; an*L ytfiich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at, the Clerk’s Table:, Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thqreupop, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with thp Amendments, be mgro$$ed.:

Mr. Gilbert, according In Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying, certain Duties upon Licences, to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned, was re-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein, mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; add had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Tuesday last, for referring the Petition of General James Murray, late Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Minorca, and Vice Admiral of the same, to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

Supply Bill 3

Excise

Licences.

Colonial Trade with America.

Murray's

Claims.

Supply Bill; Game Certificates.

43<S

i 2° Aug

A\ 1784.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from die Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had.directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords,' by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

’ Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Loans, &c. Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Buis, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four; without any Amendment: And also,

Payment* by The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the Bank. Act to postpone the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the . Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one; without any Amendment: And also,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hors.s, Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for repealing the present Duties Candle*. upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and for granting, in lieu thereof, other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and for granting, in lieu thereof, other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply BiUj Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the l)uue*ou Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ttte" granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

in

Supply Bill; Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

cenxe* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail, and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which thay had directed him to report to the House; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Starch tod to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Soap Duties, upon the Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch and Soap, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.


Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Duties on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Spirits, &cv Bill to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation, and for destroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Tuesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Bishop, Proprietor of the Maidstone Geneva Manufactory, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, to be added to the said Bill, for granting Relief to the said George Bishop, with respect to the Matter alledged in his Petition.

And a Clause was accordingly offered to be added to the Bill, for that Purpose; which was Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill one of the said Blanks with a Penalty of £. 500 on Mr. Bishop, in certain Cases;

The House was informed, that the said Mr. Bishop was desirous that the Clause should be so amended and agreed to, if the House thought fit

And the said Blanks were filled up; and the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The House proceeded to take into Consideration

the

24 Geo. III. 12° Augusti.

437

Regulation of East India Affairs.

the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed iu The East Indies.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth: viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 15. Pr. 20. 1. 20.

Pr. 20. 1. 34.

Pr. 20. 1. 38.

Pr. 22. 1. 10. Pr. 23. 1. 31.

Pr. 29. 1. 22. Pr. 32. 1. 30.

Pr. 34. 1. 19.

Pf- 35- i- 23. Pr. 38.1. 2 & 3. Pr. 38. 1. 20. Pr. 38. 1. 25. Pr. 49- 4-

Pr. 49- ! 30. Pr. 49- 1- 35-Pr. 49- 1- 38-

Pr. 51. 1. 39.

Pr. 53- L 17-Clause (A).

Vol. 40,

Leave out "and," and insert "or." After " Directors" insert " or " from the Secret Committee " of the said Court of Directors."

After " Directors" insert " or " from the Secret Committee " of the said Court of Directors."

After " Directors " insert " or " from the Secret Committee " of the said Court of Directors."

After " Directors" insert " or " of the Secret Committee of " the said Court of Directors." After " Directors " insert " or " from the Secret Committee " of the said Court of Directors."

After " the " leave out " House " of Commons," and insert " Two Houses of Parliament." After " Service " insert " or from " the Company of Cadets in the Royal Regiment of Artillery "

After " be " leave out " and the iC same is herebyand in Lines 19 and 20, after " repealed," insert " from and after the First " Day of January One thousand " Seven hundred and Eightyfive, provided that no Prosecutions or other Suits already " commenced, or to be commenced before the First Day " of January One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, " upon the said Act, shall be " affected by such Repeal." Leave out "whatsoever," and insert " whomsoever."

Leave out "whatsoever," and insert " whomsoever."

After " Persons leave out " so " as last."

After " has " insert " or they " have."

Leave out "January? and insert " March."

After "and" leave out " so soon " as," and insert " when."

Leave out " forthwith," and insert " within Ten Days."

After " provided," insert " upon " a Motion to be made within " a Time to be limited by the " said Court of Kings Bench " for that Purpose."

After " Prosecutor " insert " and " also to the Party accused." After "Voice" insert Clause (A).

" And be it further Enacted, That " the Members of the House " of Peers, hereby directed to " be named by the said House

Pr. 55. 1. 22. Pr. 55. 1. 26.

Pr. 56. 1. 29. Pr. 60. 1. 11.

Pr. 64. 1. 22.

Pr. 64. 1. 30. Clause (B).

€t for the Purposes aforesaid, " shall be chosen, nominated, " and appointed, im the Manner following (that is to say); " That at any Time within " Thirty Days from the Commencement of the next and " every future Session of Parliament, when it shall appear " that there are Fifty Lords " Spiritual and Temporal, at " the least, then present, the " Lords shall be cajled, and if " there are Fifty present, the " Lords shall thereupon proceed to deliver in at the " Table Lists, each of which " Lists shall contain the Names " of Twenty-six Lords, and " shall be signed by the Lord " who delivers such List; which " List, being delivered in, shall " be referred to a Committee " of Lords, to be then appointed, who shall examine the said " Lists, and forthwith report to cc the House the Name of every " such Lord whose Name shall " appear on Ten such Lists; " and if the Names so returned " shall not amount to Twentysix at the least, the Lords " present shall be required to . " deliver in fresh Lists, each " List containing a Number of " Names equal to that Number " by which the List returned " shall fall short of Twenty-six, " and so as often as the Case " shall happen; and no Lord " present when the House shall " be called over shall depart " until the said Lists of Twenty-six Peers shall be made ad " aforesaid."

Leave out from " challenges " to " to," in Line 24 of the same Press.

After " out " insert " and to assign for Cause of Challenge " any such Matter as, in the " Opinion of Three Judges, or " the Majority of them, shall " appear, in their Discretion, " sufficient to set them aside, " for the Purpose of obtaining " them equal Justice."

After "to" insert "appoint and." Leave out from " remain" to " and, " in Line 13 of the same Press, and insert " for such " Time as the said Special Commissioners shall appoint, unless the said Commissioners " shall order them to be released " sooner, which they are hereby " iropowered to do."

Leave out from "same" to "to," in Line 23 of the same Press. After " directed" insert Clause (B.) " Provided always, And it is hereby further Enacted, That " no Information, or Plea, or " Deposition, which by this " Act is directed to be delivered over by the Chief T " Justice

bnties on Tea and Houses.

Prevention of Smuggling.

438 12° — 13® A. 1784.

,f Justice of the Court of King’s " Bench, or One of the Judges " of the said Court, to the Lord " High Chancellor, or Lord " Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the " Great Seal of Great Britain, K shall be so delivered over, at " any other Time than during " some One of the Three ususd u and accustomed Terms herein after mentioned (that is to " say) HikryTerm, EasterTerm, " or Michaelmas Term."

tr* 65. I.38. Leave out from "Witnesses" to w upon," in Press 66. Line 1.

Pr. 66. 1. 4. After " Purpose " insert " or by " Commission, as the Case shall u require."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordship?.

The Bill, now ingrossed, for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and also, several additional Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for authorizing the Commissioners of the Treasury to remit, under certain Conditions, the Duties already paid upon certain Quantities of Prize Tea, now in the King’s Warehouses.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that the Act shall not extend to discharge any Indictment where the Offender is liable to Corporal Punishment.

And the Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L 30. To leave out " or," and insert

" and " instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1, 33. After " Limits " to insert " or " Distance."

Pr. 5. 1. 17. To leave out from " Ammuni-

" tion" ft) "Provided," in Pr. 6.1. 16.

Pr. 12. 1. 13. To leave out "the."

1. 18. After "shall" to insert " not."

1. ly. After u committed" to insert " within any County, but within the Limits of any Port as " aforesaid, or."

Pr. 13. 1. 20. After " Delivery" to insert " or " Great Sessions."

1. 37-Pr. 16. 1. 33-

Pr. 17. 1. 6, 1. 20. Pr. 21. 1. 1. Pr. 22. 1. 35. Pr. 25. 1. 26.

1. 26. 1. 27. Pr. 40. 1. 20.

Pr. 41. 1. 3.

After " Delivery " to insert " or " Great Sessions."

After "Delivery" to insert "or " until such Persons shall be delivered by due Course of " Law."

To leave out " Two," and insert " Three" instead thereof.

To leave out " Two," and insert " Three " instead thereof.

To leave out " their," and insert " his " instead thereof.

After " Persons," to insert " hdving competent Authority."

To leave out " of," and insert " which shall not exceed" instead thereof.

To leave out the First " of."

To leave out " or under."

To leave out "has," and insert " may have " instead thereof.

To leave out " passing of this " Act," and insert " 24th Day " of June 1784" instead thereof.

Pr. 45. I.31. To leave out "and," 'and insert " or " instead thereof.

1. 39. After " Customs," to insert " or " Excise."

Pr. 46. 1. 22. After " Suit," to insert " or of " any Person imprisoned by , " Reason thereof."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for SiukiugFuud. granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then tie House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 13° die Augusti;

Anno 24* Georgii III. Regis, 1784.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bowes\&c.

Act to impower Margaret Bowes, Spinster, Estate. Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Thoroton, and Anne his Wife, and the Reverend Robert Croft, and Elizabeth his

Denes’, &c. Estate.

Supply Bill; Loans.

Exporting Meat to Colours.

(Supply Bill;

Printed Unui.

24 Geo. III. 13° August.

439

his Wife, to grant Leases of their settled Estates, in the County of Northumberland, and County Palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain Parts of the same Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money m other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calvert, Mr. Solicitor General, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend John Dezves, Clerk, in the Counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Calvert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That die Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with, Cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts, was read the Third Time.

Vo 40.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed.in Great Britain, and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with, Cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the BH1 to the'

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyheux, Gentleman Royal Asaemt Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Osborne, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tile9 made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same.

An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable.

An Act to postpone the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature, for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in The East Indies.

An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purpose?.

Supply

Sinking

iund.

13° Aug

44°

An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former Proprietors thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Officers and Men belonging to His Majesty’s Ship Santa Margaretta, the like Bounty, for taking the French Frigate called LAmazone, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of Wes belonging to the Enemy.

An Act to impower the Bishop of London for the Time being, or any other Bishop, to be by him appointed, to admit to the Order of Deacon, or Priest, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions, without requiring them to take the Oath of Allegiance as appointed by Law.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, repairing, and widening several Roads, in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said Counties.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Sir William Rowley to apply Part of the Trust Monies in re-building the Mansion House called Tendring Hall, and Offices, in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for investing the Estates late of Thomas Barlow, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, to raise Money, to be applied, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in Payment of the Debts, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Legacies, charged upoa and affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. _

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Commonable Places, in Tugby,. in the County of Leicester.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Common Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Township of Lockton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Frampton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Plots of Land, called The Reaches, Marsh and Holmes's, in and near to the said Parish of Frampton.

\\\. An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: x\nd that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four; for appropriating the Monies arising by the Duties on Malt, Mum* Cyder, and Perry, and also, by a Land Tax granted to His Majesty by Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

A. 1784.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the effectual Transportation Transpor-of Felons and other Offenders, and to reduce the several Statutes concerning Transportation into One Feon8’ Act of Parliament; to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

To leave out " become." ,

To leave out from "to" to " im-" power," in Line 5.

After " his " to insert " Privy."

To leave out " after Conviction."

After " transported" to insert "and " to make other Regulations for " the more effectual Transportation of such Offenders."

To leave out from " transported " to " give," in Line 38.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. William Selwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pr. 1. 1. 1.

1. 2.

1. 5-

1. 10.

L 11.

Pr. 4- 1. 35.

An ingrossed Bill to extend the Powers of an Act, Colonial made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Ma- Trade wiih jesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the AmerlWL better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrosssed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Duration of the Act

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr.

Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An offices and Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qua- Employ-lify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to n,ents ,n" indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have deiunlly# omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify

Members

East India Company.

Forth and Clyde

Navigation.

Houses of Correction*

Starch and Soap Duties.

Supply Bill; Game

Certificates.

r

]y-

24 Geo. III. jy Augusti* 441

Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns* whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indent tures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to paly the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks* Apprentices, or Servants; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the East India Company with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company, and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company; without any Amend* ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending, amending, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,. " An Act for making " and maintaining a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from " the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of , " the River of Carron, in the County of Sti?iing, to " the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called " Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton;

" and also, a Collateral Cut from the same to the City " of Glasgow, and for making a Navigable Cut or " Canal of Communication, from the Port and Harbour " of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal at or near " the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth;" without any Amendment*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, c< An Act for the amending,

" and rendering more effectual, the Laws in being " relative to Houses of Correction," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the amending and rendering more effectual, the Laws in being relative to Houses " of Correction."

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch and Soap, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order/ reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read" the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed. _____

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Civil List. Abstract of the Account, shewing the Estimated Annual Charge of His Majesty's Civil Government, and the Charge of the same, for One Year, from the 5th -

Day of April 1783 to the 5th Day of April 1784 (including the Sum of £. 50,000 applied to cancel Exchequer Bills made out on Credit of the Civil List Revenues) with the Difference between the said Estimate and the Charge in the above Period; and also distinguishing the Charge in each Quarter (which was presented to the House upon the 21st Day of July last) be printed, as shall be suffitienfrfor the Use of the Members of the House. %

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of Duties on the ingrossed Bill for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Ljuties n in lieu thereof, and also, several additional Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for authorizing Tea Dealers to return certain Teas bought by them of the East India Company, subject to a Penalty for fraudulent Returns. 1

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to £t Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. *

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed the to report, when the House will please to receive the same.;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Bill be further adjourned till Monday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to West Loot the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Port-Pigham, alias JV*st Looe, in the County of Cornwall\ in the room of John Lemon,

Esquire, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chil tern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That all Committees have l«ave to sit, Committeei. notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

5 U

1

44® i (d Jugustu A. 1784.

Mr. Speak* vf% Appointment for issuing Writs.

fr. Speaker having, in pursuance of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, made his Appointment of Members of the House of Commons for the issuing Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, in the Cases therein mentioned, the same is here entered, in pursuance of the Directions of ,the said Act; and is as follows:

IN PURSUANCE of the Directions of an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the " House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the " Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the " Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the " Manner therein mentioned, and for substituting other " Provisions for the like Purposes," I do hereby no-jninate and appoint the Right honourable Francis Seymour Conway, commonly called Lord Viscount Beauchamp, the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, the Right honourable William Eden, Sir Archibald Ed-momtone, Baronet, George Rose, John Ord, and Thomas Gilbert, Esquires, being Members of the House of Commons, or any One of them, to issue Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, in the Cases in the said Act specified. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Sixteenth Day of August, One thousand Seven hundred find Eighty-four.

C. W.Cornwall,

Speaker.

Luna:, 16° die Augusti;

Anno 24° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1784.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lards; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr Calvert, Junior, reported from the Committee, BoW,4c, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act to impower Margaret Bowes, Spinster, Lieu* tenant Colonel Thomas Thoroton and Anne his Wife, and the Reverend Robert ' Croft and Elizabeth his Wife, to grant Leases of their settled Estates, in the County of Northumberland, and County Palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain Parts of the same Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Calvert, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East India the United Company of Merchants of England trading AffiUn-to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, fit the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Extracts from the Proceedings " of the Governor General and Council, relative to a " Demand of Money, and Orders to take the same " from the Mother and Grandmother of the Soubah of " Oude, since the 1st of January 1782."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Thble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

SM

a

Prayers.

Whitworth's A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Estates. LX Act for vesting Part of the several Estates of Richard Whitworth, Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees; to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled Estates, in the same County, of greater Value, was read, a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mac-namara, the Lord Beauchamp, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit and proceed upon the said Bill upon Wednesday Morning next.

Downes’, Ire. Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom Estates. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend John Dewes, Clerk, in the Counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Bill for better securing the Duties on Starch and Starch and Soap, was read the Third Time. Soip Dunn,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch and Soap.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty cer- Supply Bill* tain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the ®anl* killing of Game, was read the Third Time. ert

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for laying certain’ Duties upon Li- Supply Bill; cences to be taken out by the Makers of and Dealers Excite in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned, was read Licence*, the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty cer- Supply Bill; tain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Postage.

7 Letters

Sbpply Bill; Duties on Plate*

24 Geo. III.

16° jdugusti.

44?

Letters and Packets by the Rost, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the Revenue carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets, and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An irtgrossed Bill for granting to His Majety certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also, certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause w*as offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making an Allowance to the Trade for the Difference between Plate in its rough and polished State.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; tod, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following wfere severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. L 31* To leave out from "Exportation" to " that" in Pr. 11. L 7. and insert " and shall also produce and " deliver to such Customer or " Collector, a Certificate under u the Hand of the Person to " whom such Wrought Plate or c< Manufactures of Gold and Silver were consigned, certifying " that the same have been received, and mentioning the , " Weight and particular Species " of Plate so consigned and received, the Name of the Person consigning the same, the 11 Name of the Vessel, and the " Name of the Captain commanding such Vessel, and the " Port of Great Britain h orn " which the said Vessel w as clear-" ed, and the Port to which such " Vessel was bound; and shall " also, u’here the Drawback shall " amount to Five Pounds and upwards, authenticate such Certificate by a Notorial Act, in "Writing; and where the same " cannot be done by a Notorial " Act, then the same shall be au-€t thenticated under the Hand and " Seal of the Chief Magistrate of ic the City, Town, or Place where u such Wrought Plate or Manu-41 facture of Gold and Silver shall " be received," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question i severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also, certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain*

Vql. 40,

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do Carry thfe Rill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That ah humble Address be presented to Address re-His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to specting the confer some Dignity in the Church, upon the Reverend ChaPlalI1i Mr. Philip Williams, Chaplain to this House.

Resolved That a humble Address be presented to For defraying His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to ^P*nces give Directions for defraying the Expences attending 0 pnn ms* the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in the last and this present Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the The Journal Beginning of the last Session of Parliament, to the End to be printed* of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-ninth Volume, be printed.

OrderedThat One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed by the Appointment and under the Direction of JohnHatsell, Esquire,

Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addresses; His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Expence of order the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds ^nd

to be advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this votes. House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the Beginning of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-ninth Volume, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be^ incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports , of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make gpod the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of the last and this present Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Farmers in the Tax on Dogs. Counties of Berwick, Northumberland* Durham, and Roxburgh, bordering on the 7weed, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Proprietors, Farmers, and others, in the Counties of Bemick, Northumberland, Durham, and Roxburgh, bordering on the Tweed, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Mischiefs arising from the great Number of useless and unnecessary Dogs:

And praying; That a general, uniform, and annual Tax may be laid upon all Dogs kept, without Exception, and, if the Money arising be not wanted for other Purposes of State, that it may be applied as a Fund for maintaining the Poor in each County, or to lessen the Duties on, Soap, Salt, Candles, and other Necessaries.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered t9 lie upon the Table.

An

444 i

Supply Bill; An ingrossfed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain

Hat Licences. Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail, and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail, and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Civil List. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Money paid by the Exchequer out of the Produce of the Civil List, arisen before the 10th of October last, in pursuance of any Addresses from Parliament, or for such Services as, being originally defrayed out of the Civil List Revenues, have been usually made good by Parliament, and which had not been so made good and replaced on the 26th Day of December last.

fcitto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Money applicable to the Uses of His Majesty’s Civil List, which arose before the 10th of October last, and remained in the Exchequer on the 26th Day of December last, exclusive of the Nine hundred

thousand Pound? per Annum charged on the Aggregate Fund.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Money in the Hahds of the Officers re-' ceiving the same, which had arisen before the 26th of December, from the Fees, 8t;c. in suppressed Offices, and which were ordered to be collected and applied by, the Treasury in Aid of the Civil List, by an Act, intituled,

" An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the " Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenue, and " for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the " future."

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies remaining in the Hands of the lord Chamberlain, the Lord Steward, and the Master of the Horse, on the 14th Day of August 1784; distinguishing each Quarter, after satisfying the Payments thereon.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Money remaining in the Hands of any then or former Secretary of the Treasury on the said 26th Day of December, being Balances of Money issued to them, or any of them, for His Majesty’s special Service.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all other Sums of Money received in Aid of the Civil List, from the 6th Day of April 1783 10 the 26th Day of December following.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Imprest Money applicable to the Uses of His Majesty’s Civil List since the 26th Day of December 1783.

Duties on An ingrossed Bill to discontinue, for a limited Time,

Spirit*. the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting Had securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation, and for destroying all

igustu A. 1784.

Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Fcrentosh9 in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The I Test Indies, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 14. To leave out " Fourteen Days after " the Day of the Commencement €t of the Duties hereby granted," and insert " Thirty Days after the " passing of this Act," instead thereof.

Pr. 50. 1. 15. To leave out " whole."

1. 18. After ic repeated " to insert tl sepa-i€ rately."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation, and for destroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh in the County of Inverness and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaufoy do carry the Bill to tho Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- DutiwonTea journed Consideration of the ingrossed Bill for repeal- and Houses, ing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and also, several additional Duties on Houses, Windows, or Lights, and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, in Favour of the Tea Dealers, with Regard to the Stock in Hand.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, byWay of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 11. After " Tea" to insert " the Property " of the said United Company."

Pr. 3. 1. 14. After " Place" to insert " where a " Drawback of the Duties is now " allowed by Law."

I 16. After " Tea" to insert " upon which " die Duty hereby imposed shall not " have been paid, and."

1. 30. To leave out from " if" to And," in Line 31, and insert " the Duty " thereon had been paid and drawn " back, as hereinbefore directed," instead thereof.

Pr. 6% L 15. After " Cost" to insert as shall, on " the said 15th pay of September " 1784? remain in the Warehouses " of the said Company in entire " Lots, or in Lots not diminished " after the Date of such Agreeraent."

h 19. After " Tea" to insert " as is herein-.

41 before described."

Pr* 43.

4 Geo. III. i6° Jagustu 445

Pr. 43. 1. 5. After 11 Parts," to insert " or be delivered out of the Warehouses in " which the same shall, on the said " 15th Day of September, be lodged, " under the Care and Custody of " the proper Officers, for securing > " the Duties heretofore payable ' " thereon."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and also several Duties on inhabited Houses, and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Silk import- An ingrossed Bill for granting additional Duties upon «d,&c. Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Downton A Petition of the Honourable William Seymour Con-Election. way, complaining of the last Election and Return for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Certificate of the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, signifying, That the Indenture, whereby the Honourable William Seymour Conway is returned a Burgess for the said Borough, was delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery the 31st Day of July last, was read.

And the Order of the House, made the 24th Day of May last, requiring all Persons that will question any Returns to do it w’ithin Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in, was also read.

But the House not having proceeded upon Business since Friday last;

And the House being informed that the said Petitioner would have petitioned this House within Fourteen Days next after the said Return was brought in, if the House had proceeded upon Business on Saturday last;

Ordered, That the said Petition be now admitted to be received, the same not being presented in due Time, because the House have not proceeded upon Business since Friday last, until this Day.

Then the said Petition was delivered in, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioner and the Honourable Edward Bouverie were Candidates; and that the said Election came on at*Downton aforesaid on the 26th Day of July. last, and a Poll being demanded, the same was taken before James Serle, Esquire, Bailiff of the Hundred and Borough of Downton aforesaid, who acted as the Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that John Dagge, Esquire, under an Appointment as- Deputy to Joseph Elderlon, Esquire, the Steward of the Manor and Borough of Downton aforesaid, also took upon himself to act as the Returning

Vo l. 40.

Officer for the said Borough; and a Poll was also taken before the said John Dagge; and that the said James Serle did, unlawfully and unjustly, reject divers legal Votes, which were tendered in Favour of the Pe- . titioner, and received sundry illegal Votes in Favour of the said Edward Bouverie, yet nevertheless a very great Majority of legal Votes having been tendered and given at the said Election, and admitted by the said James Serle in Favour of the Petitioner, the said James Serle did thereupon declare the Petitioner to be duly elected, and hath accordingly returned him as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said John Dagge did, at the said Poll so taken by him, partially, illegally, and wrongfully reject several legal Votes which were tendered m Favour of the Petitioner, and did receive many illegal Votes in Favour of the said Edward Bouverie, and, under Colour of a pretended Majority in Favour of the said Edward Bouverie, did declare him to be duly elected, and, notwithstanding the said real Majority in Favour of the Petitioner, hath taken upon, himself falsely and illegally to make a Return of the said Edward Bouverie as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and, that the Sheriff of the County of Wilts hath annexed both Indentures of the said Returns to his Writ; and that the said Edward Bouverie, by himself and his Agents, and divers other Persons in his Behalf, were guilty of Bribery, and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, at and before the said Election, in order to procure him the said Edward Bouverie to be returned for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and in open Defiance and Violation of the Law and Right of Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 9th Day of December next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections* or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker de issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victual- Annuities, ling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and for granting, in lieu thereof, other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported; and upon Licences to make or sell Wax Candles in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Pawn-Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an broken.

Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his 5X late

44<5

16° — i p° Angusti.

A. 1784.

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons " who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of " Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for " preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the " easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for pre-i( venting Gaming in Public Houses, by Journeymen, il Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices;" so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Teti of the Clock.

Jovisi 19° die Augusti;

Anno Georgii IIP" Regis, 1784.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences flat Li-to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail, cence8‘ and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences, and for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Caps imported into this Kingdom; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold duties on and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An starch and Act for better securing the Duties on Starch and Soap; Soap, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Prevention of Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling Smuggling, in this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Restoring

Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of Scotch

the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Iteign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said Act; without any Amendment;

And also, <

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Colanial

Act to extend the Powers of an Act made in the Trade with

Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving Ameaca* His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this

Supply Bill; Loans.

Supply Bill;

Printed

Linens.

Supply Bill;

Excise

Licences.

Duties on Spirits, fitc

PftAVfc*8.

A MESSAGE from the Lords* by Mr* Anguish and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Thfe Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four; for appro- Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations priating the Monies arising by the Duties on Malt, in America, with respect to certain Articles therein Mum, Cyder, and Perry, and also by a Land Tax mentioned; without any Amendment: And also, granted to His Majesty by Two Acts made in the last The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Exporting

Session of Parliament; and for further appropriating Act to revive and continue several Laws relating to Wheat to the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of c*loni€5* without any Amendment: And also, Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be con-Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One sumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages;

and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles and other Packages; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Transpor-Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons and tation of other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Pri- Felons* soners in certain Cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An County Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh Gaols* and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable Justices of Peace u to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties;" and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Houses of Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty- Correction. Consumption, and for granting and securing the due second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the intituled, "An Act for the amending and rendering better Regulation off the making and vending British " more effectual the Laws in being, relative to 'Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Expor- M Houses of Correction;" without any Amendment: tation; and for destroying all Home-made and Fo- And also,

veign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Christ vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Act for raising Money to discharge Debts contracted Church Lands of Fercntosh, ift the County of Inverness; and on Account of the Poor within the Parish of Christ Middlesex for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts Church, in foe County of Middlesex; for repairing and Poor*

thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four; without any Amendment *. And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting tb His Majesty additional Duties on Linens, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the satire, and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with, Cotton not painted, printed, stained, or dyed, in Foreign Parts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of, and Dealers m, Ex-ci6eable Commodities therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home

Kirkby-Steven High-Lane Head Roads.

Whitworth's

Estate.

Civil List.

>itto.

24 Geo. III.. 19* JkgrntL 447

enlarging the present Workhouse of the said Parish; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer of the same Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing; and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Kirkby-Steven High-Lane Head, in the County of

Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge,

" in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from " Braclcoi-Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of " York, through Sedbergh, to Kirk by-Kendal, and also w the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Marthwaite,

" to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Haase, leading " from Appleby to Kirkby-Kendal, in the said County of a Westmorlandwithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Macnamara reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the several Estates of Richard Whitworth, Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled Estates, in the same County, of greater Value, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Macnamara do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Money remaining in the Hands of any then or former Secretary of the Treasury on the 26th Day of December 1783, being Balances of Money issued to them, or any of them, for His Majesty’s special Service: And also,

An Account of Fees received by the late William Egerton, Esquire, Plate and Jewel Officer, before the 26th of December last, and now remaining in the Hands of his Representatives: And also,

An Account of Fees on Allowances, 8$c. to Ministers of Vaudois Churches, et aliis, formerly paid by the Paymaster of the Pensions, and received before the 26th December last, and now in the Hands of Thomas Cotton, of the Treasury.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Townshend, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Money in the Hands of the Tour Tellers of the Exchequer, which has arisen before the 26th Day of December 1783, from the Fees of suppressed Offices, and which were ordered to be collected and applied by the Treasury in Aid of the Civil List, by an Act, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon

Vol. 40.

" Civil List Revenue, and for preventing the same frop%

" being in Arrear for the future/’

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughsm, from Civil List* the Exchequer, attended at the Door;, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Sums of Money received in Aid of the Civil List, from the 6th Day of April 1783 to thq 26th Day of December following: And also,

An Account of all Imprest Money applicable to the Uses of His Majesty’s Civil List, since the 26th Day of December 1783: And also,

An Account of all Money applicable to the Uses of His Majesty’s Civil List, which arose before the loth Day of October last, and remained in the Exchequer on the 26th Day of December last, exclusive of the £. 900,000 per Annum charged on the Aggregate Fund: And also,

An Account of all Money paid by the Exchequer out of the Produce of the Civil List arisen before thp 10th of October last, in pursuance of any Addresses from Parliament, or for such Services as, being originally defrayed out of the Civil List Revenues, have been usually made good by Parliament, and which had not been so made good and replaced on the 26th Day of December last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do. lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Ely, from the Ditto, Lord Chamberlain’s Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Money issued to the Earl of Salisbury, as Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty’s House-’ hold, shewing what remains in his Lordship’s Hands.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Z>aw, from the Ditto; Office of His Majesty’s principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Money received as Fees, being those usually demanded at the late Office for Trade and Plantations, from the Suppression thereof until the 26th Day of December last, remaining in the Hands of the First Clerk of the Secretary of State’s Office for the Home Department.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perysed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House beipg informed that Mr. Nicol, from Ditto, the Office Qf Paymaster of His Majesty’s Househpld, the J)m; te was called in; and, at

the

Civil Lbt

Ditto.

Coals

exported.

Pawn-

brokers.

448 19" Augu A. 1784.

the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Monies remaining in the Hands of Sir Francis Henry Drake, Baronet, who acted as Paymaster of the Lord Steward's Department thereof, from the ist/w/y to the3ist December 1782: And also,

An Account of all Fees in suppressed Offices stopped by Sir Francis Henry Drake, Baronet, Master of His Majesty’s Household, who acted as Paymaster of the Lord Steward’s Department thereof for the Half Year commenced the 1st of July, and ended the 31st of December 1782: And, also,-An Account of Fees detained by George Talbot, Esquire, Paymaster of the Household, before the 26th of December last: And also,

An Account of the Balance in the Hands of George Talbot, Esquire, Paymaster of the Household, 14th August 1784. w

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered', That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.'

The House being informed that Mr. Malliet, from the Office of His Majesty’s Robes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Money received in His Majesty’s Office of Robes, for Fees of Honour and Homage, before the 26th of December 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Parker, from the Office of the Master of the Horse, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Monies remaining in the Hands of the Master of the Horse oh the 14th of August 1784: And also,

An Account of Fees received in the Master of the Horse’s Office, from Midsummer 1782 to Christmas 1783. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of* the Quantities of Coals exported to Foreign Parts by British Vessels, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotla?id, with the Amount of the Duties thereon, for Three Years preceding Christmas 1782, and distinguishing what Part thereof was shipped in the Frith of Forth, and what Part in the Clyde.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment li of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain,

" Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue " Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning u of Goods; for- the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public <c Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and cl Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawming of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 39. At the End/ of the Bill, after " pleaded," insert the following Proviso, " Provided always,

" And be it Enacted, That this " Act shall continue and be in €C force from the Day of passing " thereof for One Year, and till u the End of the next Session of <c Parliament."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answer to House, That their Address of Monday last (that His Addresses. Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Philip Williams, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr.

Philip Williams, as is desired.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported to, the House, That their Addresses of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House in the last and this present Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hat sell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House from the Beginning of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Thirty-ninth Volume, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on-Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of the last and this present Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Edinburgk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ-the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, in the room of James Hunter Blair, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newtowi the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newtow?i, in the County of Southampton, in the room of James JVorsley, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward, or Bailiff, of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Montagu:

Mr.

44 Geo. III.

19° Ang

Supply Bill; Game Certificates.

Duties on Tea and Houses.

Supply Bill; Postage.

Silks imported;

Chipping

Wycombe

font.

Royal Afesent tb Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repbaliita the sevelral Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and also several Duties oh inhabited Houses, and upon the Importation of Cocoi Nhts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the Revenue carried on by the Conveyance of certain Gobds in Letters and Packets; and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation tb the sending and receiving bf Letters and Packets free from Postage; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported frdm Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs taiixed with Silk; without any Amendment.

And then the Messfengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tb thte Clerk of the Crown, tb make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Bbrough of Chipping IVycrmbe, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of Rob&t Waller, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, bath Accepted the Office of Oile of the Grooms of His Majesty's Bedchamber.

A Message by Mr. Qudrnte, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

.. The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the Hotlse of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, With the House, Went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein ' mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the aid Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth: viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four; for appropriating the Monies arising by the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, and also by a Land Tax granted to His Majesty by Two Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament; and for further Vox.. 40.

449

appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties bn Linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; and for granting certain Duties oh Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with, Cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed ih Foreign Parts.

An Act for laying certain Duties npqn Licences to bh taken but by the Makers of, and Dealers in, ExciseablO Commodities therein mentioned.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Hats by Retail, and also certain Duties on Hats sold under such Licences; and "for laying additional Duties on all Hats and Cajls imported into this Kingdom.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also certain Duties oh all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate madb in Great Britain.

An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and for granting, in lieu thereof, other Duties upon Wax Candles made in Great Britain, and upon Wax imported, and upon Licences to make or Sell Wax Candles in Great Britain.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Homd Cohsumption; and for granting and securing thd due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for destroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting ih His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies.

An Act for better securing the Duties oh Starch and Soap.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, arid Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

An Act for the Relief of the East India Company, with respect to the Payment of certain Sums due to the Public, and to the Acceptance of certain Bills drawn upon the said Company; and for regulating the Dividends to be made by the said Company.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, upon certain Terms and Conditions, the forfeited Estates in Scotland\ which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; and to repeal the said Act.

An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications 5 Y within

45° ip° — 20

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving farther Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

An Act to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Removal of Wine in Casks, to Wine removed in Bottles, and Other Packages.

An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders; and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to enable " Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in " their respective Counties;" and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the amending, and " rendering more effectual, the Laws in being relative " to Houses of Correction."

An Act for extending, amending, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal " from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the il Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near " a Place called Dalmuir Burn foot, in the County of " Dumbarton; and also a Collateral Cut from the " same to the City of Glasgoio; and for making a u Navigable Cut, or Canal of Communication, from " the Port and Harbour of Borrowstounness, to join " the said Canal, at or near the Place where it will " fall into the Firth of Forth."

An Act for raising Money to discharge Debts contracted on Account of the Poor within the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and enlarging the present Workhouse of the said Parish; and for further regulating the Manner of rating to the Poor, appointing Overseers, and preserving all Accounts relating to the Offices of Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and Treasurer of the same Parish.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " Kirkby-Steven High Lane-Head, in the County of " Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and from Bracken- Bar-Gate, near Askrigg, in the County of York, " through Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal; and also the " Road from the Four Lane Ends in Marthwaite, to u the 'furnpike Road on Grayrigg Hause, leading " from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County u of Westmorland."

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Reverend John Dewes, C\evk, in the Counties of Hants, Surrey, and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for lay-

5. Angusti. A. 1784.

ing out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

An Act to impower Margaret Bowes, Spinster, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Thoroton and Anne his Wife, and the Reverend Robert Croft and Elizabeth his Wife, to grant Leases of their settled Estates in the County of Northumberland, and County Palatine of Durham; and for vesting certain Parts of the same Estates in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do issue his Warrant to Maribowpgk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wnt* the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable James Stopford, Earl of Courtown in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Household.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* Civil List posed, That there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House early in the next Session of Parliament, a Plan and Estimate of the whole Civil List Establishment and Expences, as directed by an Act, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List

Revenues, and for preventing the same from being ic in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by " suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein " mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues " of the Civil List

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act to enable His Majesty to raise a " further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills,

" to pay off and discharge the Debts due and owing " on the Civil List," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Augusti;

Anno 24* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1784*

Praters.

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Mr. Royal Aswot Qua?7ne, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills, and One Private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the Revenue carried Z on

The Kiflg’j Speech.

24 Geo. III. 20® Aug, — 26° . — 20 Zter. 451

on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets; and for farther preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage.

An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk.

An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and f6r granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof, and also several Duties on inhabited Houses, and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons *c who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of " Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; u for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for u the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for " preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by Joumeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

An Act for vesting Part of the several Estates of Richard Whitworth, Esquire, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be exchanged for Part of his unsettled Estates in the same County, of greater Value.

Many important Objects, with respect to our Trade and Commerce, which could not now be provided for, will naturally require your Attention after the Recess; and such Regulations will, I trust, be framed, after a full Investigation, as shall be found best calculated to promote the Wealth and Prosperity of all the Parts of the Empire.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Ma- Parliament jesty’s Command, said, prorogued.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday the 26th Day of October' next; to be then here holden; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the 26th Day of October next.

Martis, 26* die Octobris;

Anno 25* Georgii III8*1 Regis, 1784.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the further Country; prorogued.

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Sutherland, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

After which His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I cannot close this Session of Parliament without returning you My warmest Thanks for the eminent Proofs you have given of your zealous and diligent Attention to the Public Service.

The happiest Effects may be expected from the Provisions which you have made for the better Government of India, and from the Institution of a Tribunal so peculiarly adapted to the Trial of Offences committed in that distant Country.

I observe, with great Satisfaction, the Laws which you have passed for the Preservation and Improvement of the Revenue. No Exertions shall be wanting on My Part to give them Vigour and Effect.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Zeal and Liberality with which you have provided for the Exigencies of the Public Service, and the Assistance which you have given Me to prevent a growing Arrear in the Expences of My Civil List, demand My particular Thanks.

I feel in common with you for the unavoidable Burthens of My People.

The Importance of effectually supporting our National Credit, after a long and exhausting War, can alone reconcile Me to so painful a Necessity. I trust, the same Consideration will enable My faithful Subjects to meet it, as they have uniformly done, with Fortitude and Patience.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Definitive Treaty which has been signed with the States General of The United Provinces, and the Peace concluded in India, as well as the Assurances which I receive from Foreign Powers, promise the Continuance of General Tranquillity.

I trust, therefore, that, after so laborious a Session, it will not be found necessary to call you again together at a very early Period.

Voi~40.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 2d Day of December next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 2d Day of December next

Jovis, 2° die Decembris;

Anno 25° Georgii IIItu Regis, 1784.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the further Country; prorogued.

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Sutherland, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until "Tuesday the 25th Day of January next:

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 25th Day of January next.

JOURNALS

a

a

11

Hi

ij|

453!

Message to attend the King.

Issneof Writs in Recess.

Members take Oaths.

JOURNAL S

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Martis, 25* die Janmrii;

jH

Anno 25* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

‘ Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two " Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the " Reign of His present Majesty, as authorizes the " Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his " Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making " out YVrits for the Election of Members to serve in " Parliament in the Manner therein mentioned; and u for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new YVrits for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, in the room of Sir Charlton Leighton, Baronet; and for the Borough of Thirsk, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Thomas Frankland, Baronet

Several Members present, and several Members returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and sub-

Vo l. 40.

scribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members, as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Majesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

After the laborious Attendance of the last Session of Parliament, it has given Me peculiar Pleasure that the Situation of Public Affairs has admitted of so long a Recess.

Among the Objects which now require Consideration, I must particularly recommend to your earnest Attention the Adjustment of such Points in the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland as arc not yet finally arranged: The System which will unite both Kingdoms the most closely on Principles of reciprocal Advantage, will, I am persuaded, best ensure the general Prosperity of My Dominions.

I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that, notwithstanding any Appearance of Differences on the Continent, I continue uniformly to receive from all Foreign Powers the strongest Assurances of their good Disposition towards this Country.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the ensuing Year to be laid before you: I confide in your Liberality and Zeal to grant the necessary Supplies, with a just Regard, as well to the Oeconomy requisite in every 5 Z Department,

Clandestine

Outlawries,

The King's Speech.

Members take Oaths.

Address on the King’s Speech.

454 25 Januani. A. 1785.

Department, as to the Maintenance of the National Credit, and the real Exigencies of the Public Service.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Success which b*» attended 4he Measures taken in the last Session towards the Suppression df Struggling, aftd for the Improvement fif the Revenue, will encourage you to apply yourselves with continued Assiduity to those important Objects. You will, I trust, also take into early Consideration the Matters suggested in the Reports of the Commissioners of Public Accounts and such further Regulations as may appear to be necessary in the different Offices of The Kingdom.

I have the fullest Reliance on the Continuance of your faithful and diligent Exertions in every Part of your Public Duty. You may at all Times depend on My hearty Concurrence in every Measure which can tend to alleviate our National Burthens, to secure the true Principles of the Constitution, and to promote the general Welfare of My People.

And several other Members present, and also several other Members returned upon new Writs, having takeu the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this Mouse an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, having delivered in such Account, and takeu and subscribed the said Oath accordingiyj

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks for His Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, That we shall resume the Consideration of Public Business, with the same Principles of Duty to His Majesty, and Regard to the Interests of our Constituents, which we have endeavoured to manifest in all our Proceedings:

That we will not fail to give our most earnest Attention to the Adjustment of such Points as are not yet finally arranged in the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, fully agreeing with His Majesty in thinking, That the System, which will unite both Kingdoms the most closely on Principles of reciprocal Advantage, will best ensure the general Prosperity of His Dominions:

That it affords us the truest Pleasure to be informed, That notwithstanding any Appearance of Differences on the Continent, ilis Majesty continues to receive such satisfactory Assurances of the good Disposition of Foreign Powers towards this Country:

To beseech His Majesty to believe, That we shall at all Times be ready to grant such Supplies as are necessary for the Maintenance of the National Credit, and the real Exigencies of the Public Service:

That we are deeply sensible of His Majesty’s paternal Goodness and Care for His People, in recommending to us at the same Time a just Regard to the Oeconomy requisite in every Department; a Duty which His Majesty’s faithful Commons feel always incumbent upon them, and at this Time peculiarly indispensable:

To assure His Majesty, That we see the Importance of every Exertion which can tend to the Suppression of Smuggling, and the Improvement of the Revenue; and that we shall continue to apply ourselves with unwearied Assiduity to those important Objects:

That we shall also proceed, with as much Expedition as possible, to the Consideration of the Reports of the Commissioners of Accounts, as well as of such

further Regulations in the different Offices of the Kingdom as may appear likely to conduce to the Public Advantage:

To entreat His Majesty to be assured, That our utmost Endeavours shall not be wanting to justify His Gracious Reliance on our diligent Attention to every Part of eur Public Di|ty: f

And that we receive, witH the warmest Gratitude and Satisfaction, the Assurances of His Majesty's Concurrence in every Measure which can tend to alleviate the National Burthens, to secure the true Principles of the Constitution, and to promote the general Welfare of the People.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " indispensable," at the End of the Sixth Paragraph, these Words, " and convinced, as we are, by the most decisive and most melancholy Experience, that all Waste u of the Public Treasure in the East Indies, itnmedintety or mediately applicable to the Company's " Use, and all Diversion of that Treasure from Public " Service to the private Emolument of Individuals, iC must not only bring an unsupportable Burthen on " the Natives of those Countries (Multitudes of whom u are our Fellow Citizens, and ought to be the Objects " of our most tender Concern) but has a Tendency to " bring Home the same Burthens on the Inhabitants of " Great Britain, we will, with a Care worthy of the " Magnitude of the Objects which such an Abuse may " effect, employ our most diligent Researches to discover, and our best Endeavours to bring to condign " Punishment, the Authors of such Misdemeanors, if 41 they shall be found to exist."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, Nernine Contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty our most humble and hearty Thanks for His Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, That we shall resume the Consideration of Public Business, with the same Principles of Duty to His Majesty, and Regard to the Interests of our Constituents, which we have endeavoured to manifest in all our Proceedings:

That we will not fail to give our most earnest Attention to the Adjustment of such Points as are not yet finally arranged in the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, fully agreeing with His Majesty in thinking, That the System, which will unite both Kingdoms the most closely on Principles of reciprocal Advantage, will best ensure the general Prosperity of His Dominions:

That it affords us the truest Pleasure to be informed, That notwithstanding any Appearance of Differences on the Continent, His Majesty continues to receive such satisfactory Assurances of the good Disposition of Foreign Powers towards this Country:

To beseech His Majesty to believe, That we shall at all Times be ready to grant such Supplies as are necessary for the Maintenance of the National Credit, and the real Exigencies of the Public Service:

That we are deeply sensible of His Majesty’s paternal Goodness and tare for His People, in recommending to us at the same Time a just Regard to the Oeconomy requisite in every Department; a Duty which His Majesty’s faithful Commons feel always incumbent upon them, and at this Time peculiarly indispensable:

To assure His Majesty, That we see the Importance of every Exertion which can tend to the Suppression of Smuggling, and the Improvement of the Revenue; and that we shall continue to apply ourselves with unwearied Assiduity to those Important Objects:

That we shall also proceed, with as much Expedition 7 as

25 Geo. III. 250 —

as possible, to the Consideration of the Reports of the Commissioners of Accounts, as well as of such further Regulations in the different Offices of the Kingdom as may appear likely to conduce to the Public Advantage:

To entreat His Majesty to be assured, That our utmost Endeavours shall not be wanting to justify His Gracious Reliance on our diligent Attention to every Part of our Public Duty:

And that we receive, with the warmest Gratitude and Satisfaction, the Assurances of His Majesty’s Concurrence in every Measure which can tend to alleviate the National Burthens, to secure the true Principles of the Constitution, and to promote the General Welfare of the People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Phelips, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Captain Phipps, the Lord Mulgrave, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Rose, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Steele, the Lord Mahon, Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord Apsley, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Brett, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, Colonel Barri, Admiral Hood, Mr. Neville, Mr. liar-dinge, Mr. Pratt, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Ivelchester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

£lection* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Peregrine Cust, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Januarii. 455

Year of His present Majesty, impowered to raise a certain Sum for the Discharge of a Debt then due, and also, to raise an additional Annual Income for the v several* Purposes therein mentioned; and that, by the great Increase of the Poor of the said City and County, by the increased Price of Provisions, and the Expences incurred in embodying the Militia, the Petitioners have been obliged to contract a Debt of £. 5,000, and upwards, which they are unable to discharge, and, for the said Causes, are rendered quite incapable of answering the Purposes of the above-mentioned Acts:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring fn a Bill for enabling them to raise Money for Payment and Discharge of their Debt, and also to raise such further Sum, for the more effectual Support of the Poor of the said City, as the House shall think* proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard\ &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Wilton Writ, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable George Augustus Herbert, commonly called Lord Herbert, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty’s Household.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand Com-sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. mittees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Mercurii, 26* die Januarii;

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Stockbridge

Election.

Exeter Poor.

Ordercdy That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee pointed. of Privileges.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Surrey,

rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a the Lord North, Mr. Ord, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hare, Air.

new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in Solicitor General, Mr. Hopkins, the Master of the

this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, Rolls, Mr. Pye, Mr. Eden, Mr. Brett, Admiral Hood, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Mr. Pratt, the Marquis of Graham, Sir William Honourable John JjUttrell, who, since his Election for Dolben, Mr. Bankes, Sir Henry Hoghton, the Lord the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of Mahon, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. the Commissioners for managing the Revenues of Rose, Mr. Steele, Mr. Scott, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr.

Excise. Luttrell, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Johnston, Mr. Fox, Mr. Eliot,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. George Pitt, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Ed-A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, wards, Mr. Adeane, Mr. Stanley, the Earl of Cour-Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor of the City and town, Mr. Adam, Mr. Norton: And they are to meet County of Exon, under their Common Seal, was pre- upon Mo)ulay Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to sit by an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the After-King William the Third, the Petitioners were incor- noon; and ail who come are to have Voices; and they porated, for the better maintaining of the Poor of the are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall

City and County of Exon, with Power to raise a certain or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and

Annual Sum for that Purpose; and, by another Act, to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion there-passed in the Thirty-first Year of King George the upon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Second, they were impowered to raise a certain Sum to Committee are to have Power to send for Persons, discharge a then incurred Debt; and that the Peti- Papers, and Records, for their Information; and I tioners were, by another Act, passed in the Fourteenth any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter Vol. 40. of

Anno 250 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785. Prayers.

45 6 2 6° Januarii. 1785*

of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during discharged out of Custody without the special Order the Time the Matter is in Debate. of the House.

Usual Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speakers

Orders. Returns of Members to serve in Parliament do ques- Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting tion the same within Fourteen Days next, and so of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned deliver the same td any Person whatsoever, without for Two or more Places, do make their Election by Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they attending this House do take Care to clear the will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Speakers Chamber every Day before the Door is Return for. that Place; and, if any Thing shall come locked up. in Question touching the Return or Election of any

Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Ordered, That no Member of this House do pre-

Matter is in Debate; and that all Members returned sume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is sit-determined. ting.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers,

Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member of Middlesex Westminster, do take Care, that, from to serve in Parliament. Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the

Afternoon, and from Four to Six in the Afternoon,

Resolved, That where this House shall judge any during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the shall he kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be Person petitioned against. made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder

the Passage of the Members to and from this House;

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House hath procured himself to be elected or returned a do give Notice of this Order to the Officers afore-Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by said.

Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House Ordered\ That the Constables in Waiting do take

will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Person. Westminster Hall, or the Passages leading to the

House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that

Resolvedr, That, if it shall appear that any Person there be no Annoyance, by Chairmen, Footmen, or hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Evidence to be given to this House, or any Com- Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High

mittee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endea- Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do see the same put voured 10 deter or hinder any Person from appealing, In Execution, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a

High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within will proceed with the utmost Severity against such the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading Offender. thereto.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this, given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or House do take Care, that there be no Gaming, or other any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen utmost Severity against such Offender. attending the Members of this House to wait in.

t

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liber- Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this ties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Bri- House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall tain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieu- presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that tenant of any County, to concern themselves in the no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in the special Order of the House.

Parliament.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing

Resolved, That, in all Cases of controverted Elec- of Letters directed to Members of this House, the tions for Counties in England and Wales, the Peti- Person appointed to bring Letters from the General tioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, de- appointed by the Post Master General, do, for the liver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be ob- Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the jected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and in the said Lists, the several Heads of Objection,. and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed themselves or by their Agents, within the same Time, for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, deliver the like Lists, on their Part, to the Petitioners or during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the their Agents. several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to

their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Notes under the Hands of the Members sending for the House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody same.

any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be in- Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going formed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; House, or any Committee of the whole House, is sit- and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours, ting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be aforesaid.

Ordered\

t

as Geo. III. a6° — a

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, 'that when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Oi'dered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes, of this House be printed,

being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Priming thereofand that no Person but such as he shall appoint do presume to print the same.

Chaplain to Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach preach on before this House at Saint Margaret's, H'estminster, upon 3uUanuary. Monday the 31st Day of this Instant January.

Address on Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, ap-the King*® pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be pre-

speech. sented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn

up an Address accordingly, whiqh they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the sarpe was read and is as folio we th; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg Your Majesty will he assured, that we shall Resume the Consideration ot Public Business with the same Principles of Duty to Your Majesty, and Regard to the Interests ot our Constituents, which we have endeavoured to manifest in all our Proceedings.

That we will not fail to give our most earnest Attention to the Adjustment of such Points as are not yet finally arranged in the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; fully agreeing with Your Majesty, in thinking that the System which will unite both Kingdoms the most closely, on Principles of reciprocal Advantage, will best ensure the general Prosperity of Your Majesty’s Dominions.

We beg Leave to assure Your Majesty, that it affords us the truest Pleasure, to be informed that, notwithstanding any Appearance of Differences on the Continent, Your Majesty continues to receive such satisfactory Assurances of the good Disposition of Foreign Powers towards this Country.

We beseech Your Majesty to believe, that we shall at all Times be ready to grant such Supplies as are necessary for the Maintenance ofrthe National Credit, and the real Exigencies of the Public Service.

That we are deeply sensible of Your Majesty’s paternal Goodness and Care for Your People, in recommending to us, at the same Time, a just Regard to the Oeconomy requisite in every Department; a Duty which Your Majesty’s faithful Commons feel always incumbent upon them, and, at this Time, peculiarly indispensable.

We assure Your Majesty, that we see the Importance of every Exertion which can tend to the Suppression of Smuggling, and the Improvement of the Revenue; and that we shall continue to apply Vo 40.

Janudrii. 457

ourselves, with unwearied Assiduity, to those important Objects.

That we shall also proceed, with as much Expedition as possible, to the Consideration of the Reports of the Commissioners of Accounts, as well as of such further Regulations in the different Offices of the Kingdom, as may appear likely to conduce to the Public Advantage.

We intreat Your Majesty to be assured, that our utmost Endeavours shall not be wanting, to justify Your Majesty’s Gracious Reliance on our diligent Attention to every Part of our Public Duty; and that we receive with the warmest Gratitude and Satisfaction, the Assurances of Your Majesty’s Concurrence in every Measure which can tend to alleviate the National Burthens, to secure the true Principles of the Constitution, and to promote the general Welfare of the People.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech King’s to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Con- Spce<\h to ht

j rn jf* " considered,

sideration lo-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Net Produce Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from of Taxes. Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784; together with the Totals.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Excise comparative Account of the gross Amount of the Du- Duties^ ties of Excise for Three Years, ending 5th July 1782,

1783, and 1784; distinguishing each Duty, and the Drawbacks for Export on each.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 27* die Januarii; Anno 25° Georgii III. Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Courtawn reported to the House, Kingap-That His Majesty, having been waited upon points to be (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know attended. His Majesty’s Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, soon after Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Huntingdon principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Huntingdon, paving, &c. in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Borough of Huntingdon is about a Mile in Length, and is situate upon the Great North Road leading from London to Scotland; that the Pavement of the Town is in a very ruinous State, and dangerous for Travellers; and, that the said Town is also very ill lighted, and the Laws in being are not sufficient to compel the paving 6 A and

4g& vf' —

and lighting of J the same* in' a*pmper1 Manner: And1 therefore praying, That Leave may be given to'bring' in a Bifl for' paving and lighting the said Town, under saeh Restrictions' as tO' the- House shall seem meet;

Ordered That the said Petition'be1 referred to the* Consideration of-a ‘ Committee*: And that they da ex* amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it* shall appear'to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lancelot Sir

Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet1 Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the1 Speaker’s* Chamber; and have-Power1 to send for Persons,' Papers, and Records;

Jarnaru. A. 178 5.

Veneris, 28® die Januarii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIltH Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

M;ft. Speaker reported to the House, That the Answer t® House attended His Majesty Yesterday with their Atldre9S* Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer.

Gentlemen,

Whitchurch

Roads.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to( put in Execution an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to repair and- widen the1 Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between " Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle " under Line, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid;’r and also of several Persons who* have advanced Money on the Credit1 of the Tolls arising by* the said Act, was presented to the Houses and read;

I return you My Thanks for your very loyal and affectionate Address. I receive, with the utmost,

Pleasure, the Assurances of your Disposition to resume the Consideration* of Public Business v\ith the satire Principles which you have manifested in all your former Proceedings; and, 1 trust, that the Result of your Deliberations will be productive of the most salutary Effects.

Mr. Lancelot Brawn^ reported from the Committee, Huntingdon

Sotting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded1 to1 to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bur- Paving,

put the^ said Act in Execution, and the said Roads have been greatly improved and widened, and several' large Stone and Brick Bridges built (exclusive of several small Arches); across* several large Rivers and small Rivulets, at a great Expence, whereby the principal Debt due on the Credit of ,the said Tolls amounts to £.3,170, exclusive of some Arrears of Interest, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually , repaired, and kept in Repair; unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof altered, varied, and enlarged: And therefore 1 praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under’ such Regulations and Restrictions as ;to the House shall appear, just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition > be referred to the* Consideration of a Committee: And* that, they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it‘is referred to Sir Robert Salusbwry Cotton, Sir Richard Hilly &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,. and Records.

Hagen s Nat. A Petition of Fredrick Hendrick Van Hagen, was presented to the House, and read; praying, that Leave may; be given to* bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And-that Mr. Rolle and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and bring, inr the same.

Supply. The Order of the* DAy being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration. His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted t6 His Majesty;

Resolved, That this- House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself' into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

gesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Huntingdon, in the County of Huntingdon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered‘ it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Lawrance, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Borough of Huntingdon is nearly a Mile in Length, and being situate in the High North Road leading from London to Scotland, is a very great Thoroughfare — That the Pavement of the said Town is in so bad and! ruinous a State, as to be dangerous for Passengers and Travellers — That the Streets are very insufficiently cleansed and lighted, and rendered incommodious by Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments — That it would be much for the Safety and Convenience of the Inhabitants, that the said Streets should be properly paved, lightened, cleansed, and regulated, and that it would' also be of public Utility; but that it cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament — And being further examined, he said, That, an Estimate had been made of the Expence of making the said proposed Improvements, and that it is apprehended, that by the Aid of voluntary Subscriptions the Whole may be completed by Means of a small Rate on the Inhabitants- and Owners of Estates within the said Bdrough.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting the High Street and other Places within the Town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Lancelot Brawn, Sir Walter Rawlinson. and the Lord Hinchingbrook, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton reported from the Com- Whitchurck mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees Roads, appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repair and widen the Roads " from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the u Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County " of Chester, and Newcastle under Line, and from " Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid and also of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising by the said Act, was referred; That the-Contmittee had* examined, and found that the Standing

Hagen’s

Nat.

Private Bills.

York Buildings Company’s Estate.

25 Geo. III. 2&0 Jmuarik4)59.

Standing Orders of the Houses of the.r 25tly> of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been. complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had, directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Samuel Harding, Junior, Glcrki to the Trustees acting under the Authority of the said Act, being exa-» mined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Repair of the said Roads, and have bbrrowed the Sum of Three thousand One hundred Seventyrthree Bounds Four Shillings, which now remains due, together with the Sum of Three hundred Pounds and upwards , for Interest — That the Money so remaining, due cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually repaired and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, varied, and altered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Line, and from Himtock to Nantwich aforesaid: And that Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton and Mr. Crewe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Fredrick Hendrick Van Hagen: And the same was received; and Tead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the 8th Day of March next

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising Thames Water> in York Buildings, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in- the Second and Third Years of King IViMunn and Queen Mary, for incorporating the Proprietors of the Water Works in York Buildings, and for the encouraging, carrying, on, and settling the said Waterworks, the said Governor and Company were incorporated, and euabled to purchase, enjoy, and alien Lands and Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, and to do and execute all other Things, by their Name of Incorporation, that to them should appertain, and to use a Common Seal, to serve for all their Business; and that said Act appointed a Governor, and Six of the said Company, to be called Assistants, to have the Direction of all the Affairs of the said Company; and that the said Company, in pursuance of the Power vested in them by the said Act, did, in the Year 1719, order a Subscription to be opened for raising a Stock of £.1,200,000, to be laid out in the Purchase of Estates in Great Britain, to be a Fund for granting Annuities for Lives, and for assuring Lives, for the Benefit of all the Subscribers to the said Joint Stock; and that the Sum of £.308,093. 14s. 7d. was, by the said Company, invested in the Purchase of certain Estates in Scotlaiid\ of the Annual Value of £. 12,000, and in Ncn'thumber-land of the Annual Value of £.2,684, which Estates were sold under the Authority and Directions of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year ot King George the First, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland; and that, in pursuance ot Powers vested in the Company by Two other Acts, passed; in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the said Kings Reign, in VP hr 40.

order to raise! Money? the better to, enable them tOi make good their said Purchases, theyj granted. < Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of<£.12,000 per num, by; Bonds to the Annuitants, and charged the said Company’s Lands in Scotland> with the Payments of the said Annuities; and that, subsequent, to this,' Transaction, the Affairs of the said. Company were*, by a Course of Mismanagement and Misconduct ini the then Directors, , greatly deranged and embarrassed,.-and their Estates, Stock, and Property were, from; Time; to Time, loaded with divers other Incumr brances,. and the Company, byrfhe Fraud or: Misma? nagement of the said, Directors, sustained many heavy. Losses, the Consequence of which was, that the several) Annuitants, by virtue of the Powers, contained ini their Security, entered into Possession of the Company’s Estates in Scotland, and - continued to hold the same; and, subject to their Right and Security, thei Estates have been sold under the Directions andj Authority of certain Acts of Parliament, and Decrees* in Law; and that, by virtue of certain, Clauses contained in an Act of the Seventeenth of His presentt Majesty, for expediting the Sale of the Estates in; Scotland belonging to the York Buildings Company,. for the Relief of their Creditors, it was provided, that, the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland should} proceed, under certain Regulations therein expressed, to the Sale of the Company's Estates in Scotland, to the classing of their Creditors, and to adjudge and j satisfy their respective Claims, out of the Purchase. Money arising from such Sale, and in the Manner directed by the Act; and that, by the < Powers given by the said Act* all the Estates and Baronies in> Scotland belonging to the said Company, except the Superiorities and Duties of the Town and Village of Stonehaven, have been sold, under the Authority of the Judges of the Court of Session; and that sundry large. Sums of Money have, under the special Provisions in the said last mentioned Act, been paid by the Purchasers of the said Estates of the Company, by virtue of the Warrants of the Court of Session in Scotland\ and, out of the Money so paid, certain Persons, claiming as Creditors of the Company, have receivedi Sums to a considerable Amount, hut there are still very large Sums of Money remaining in the Hands of certain of: the Purchasers, amounting, in the Whole, as is apprehended, to more than sufficient; to pay all; the just and legal Debts of the Company, to the Surplus of which Monies the Petitioners the Company are entitled, in virtue of their Reversionary Right; and that the Liquidation of the fair Debts of the Company is a Matter of great Importance to them, as well as to their just and lawful Creditors, and the Method of Liquidation directed by the Act before-mentioned is. not only highly inconvenient and expensive, but extremely dilatory and difficult, as the Debts of the Company are, for the most Part, contracted by Securities unknown to the Laws of Scotland, and upon which Questions must necessarily arise in the Scotch Courts, which ought to be determined according to the English Law; and that the said Company being an English Company, and their Debts contracted under the Forms and Principles of the English Laws, they are desirous that the said Debts may be fairly liquidated according to those Forms and Principles, and in the most expeditious, equitable, and certain Manner, and that their different Creditors may accordingly receive Satisfaction for their respective Claims in the English Courts, but which cannot at present be done, as the Produce arising from the Sale of their Estates is in Scotland, and out of the Jurisdiction of the said Courts; and that, if it shall appear that any of the Debts of the Company have been contracted in, Scotland, and according to the Forms and Principle of the Scotch Laws, the Company are wilting that a sufficient Sum shall be retained in the

Royal

a6o a8° Januarii. A. 1785.

Royal Bank of Scotland, to answer such Demands, under proper Regulations, for the Purpose, and that the Surplus only shall be remitted to England till the Validity of such Claims can be ascertained according to the Laws of Scotland; and that the Petitioners are very desirous to see full Justice done to all the lawful Creditors of the Company, and are willing to concur in any Measures that may tend to answer that End with the least Litigation, and at the smallest Expence to their Creditors and themselves: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to order the different Purchasers of the Estates of the Company, and the Factors in whose Hands any of their Property may remain, to pay the same forthwith, upon receiving proper Discharges, into the Royal Bank of Scotland; and, a sufficient Sum being the re retained, to answer the Claims of Creditors who, from the Nature of their Debts and Securities, may be entitled to Relief by the Scotch Laws, to direct the said Royal Bank to remit the Residue, after deducting and retaining what may be declared by the said Bill reasonably due, as a Compensation for the Trouble incident to the Receipt and Remittance of the said Money 1 into the Bank of England, to be placed to such Account there, and under such Regulation, and subject to such Provisoes, for the Benefit of the Creditors of the Company and Stockholder, as to the House shall seem meet; or that the Petitioners may have such other Remedy and Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Adam, Sir Adam Fergusson, &c.: And they are to meet upon Tuesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That His Majesty’s Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Adjournment. Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Election The House was moved, That the several Entries in

Petitions. the Journals of the House, of the 31st Day of October 1775. and the 30th Day of November 1781, of the Resolutions of the House, with respect to the Order of reading renewed Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That, whenever several Petitions, complaining ot undue Elections and Returns, shall be renewed in this Session of Parliament, and shall he delivered in together at the Table, the said Petitions

shall be read in the Order in whidh they were directed to be taken into Consideration in the last Session.

And the several Petitions being accordingly delivered in at the Table, the same were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order; viz.

A Petition of Robert Wood, Esquire, and John Cator, Lyme Regig Esquire, was read, Setting forth, That, at the last ElecLion-Election for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, the Honourable Henry Fane, the Honourable Thomas Fane, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that at the Poll taken upon the said Election, before William Peterson, the Returning Officer, a great Majority of Legal Electors appeared in Favour of the Petitioners, some of whom actually voted, and the rest of th<em tendered their Votes, for the Petitioners; and that the said Returning Officer, during the Time of taking the said Poll, acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said Henry Fane and Thomas Fane, and admitted so many illegal Votes in their Favour, and rejected so many legal Votes which were duly tendered in Favour of the Petitioners, as to leave a Majority upon the Face of the Poll in Favour of the said Hairy Fane and Thomas Fane, under Colour whereof the said Henry Fane and Thomas Fane were returned, although the Petitioners were duly elected by a great Majority, and ought to have been returned; and that several of the Votes given at the said Election, in Favour of the said Henry Fane and Thomas Fane, were procured to them, and their Agents, by Means of Bribery and Corruption: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 15th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being resident Freemen, and resident Freeholders, of and in the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth,

That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve" in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, the Honourable Henry Fane, the Honouable Thomas Fane, Robert Wood, Esquire, and John Cator, Esquire, were Candidates; and that, at the Poll taken upon the said Election, William Peterson, the Returning Officer, permitted many Persons to vote who, not being resident within the said Borough, had no Right so to do, and refused to admit several others, being resident Freeholders, who had a Right, as such, to have given their Votes at the said Election, whereby the said Henry Fane and Thomas Fane were unduly returned, although the said Robert Wood and John Cator were duly elected by a very great Majority, and ought to have been returned; which Proceedings of the said Returning Officer the Petitioners apprehend to be a Violation of the Rights of themselves and others the legal Electors for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief thereupon as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Record's, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the.

Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of Joshua Smith and George Jackson,. Penry* Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Electl,'n* Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, Sir Francis Bassett, Baronet, Sir John Saint Aubyn, Baronet,

and

25 Geo. III. 280 Januarii. 461

and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that Edward Hodge, the Portreeve of the said Borough, who presided as the Returning Officer at the said Election, shewed a great and manifest Partiality in Favour of the said Sir Francis Bassett and Sir John Saint Aubyn, and, in the Course of the Poll, rejected the Votes of many Persons who had a Right to vote, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and did admit many Persons to vote for the said Sir Francis Bassett and Sir John Saint Aubyn, who had no Right whatsoever to vote in the Election of Members to represent the said Borough; and that the said Sir Francis Bassett and Sir John Saint Aubyn, by themselves and their Agents on their Behalf, and others by their -Privity and Direction, previous to and during the said Election, were guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, in order to procure themselves to be elected, and, for the same Purpose, did, by Promises and other undue Influence of themselves, their Friends and Agents, prevent, and attempt to prevent, divers Persons from voting for the Petitioners; and that, by the Means aforesaid, a colourable Majority of Votes appeared upon the Poll for the said Sir Francis Bassett and Sir John Saint Aubyn, and the said Portreeve returned them as Burgesses duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned duly elected, to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that such Proceedings are in Prejudice of the Rights of a Majority of the legal Electors of the said Borough, in Violation of the Laws of Elections, and to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the Seventeenth Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Seventeenth," and inserting the Words " Twenty-fgurth" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Seventeenth" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words u Twenty-fourth" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Aflirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

OrderedThat the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 24th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant,' or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Kirkwall,&c. A Petition of John Sinclair, Esquire, of Ulbster, was

Election. read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner was a Candidate at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall, I Vick,

Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, in Scotland’ which Elec-

tion was held on Monday the 26th Day of April 1784; and that, at the said Election, John Gordon, Esquire, of Carrol, and John Campbell Sutherland, Esquire, of Forse, the Delegates for the Boroughs of IVick and Dornoch, duly chosen and appointed for those Boroughs, voted for the Petitioner; and John Riddoch, Esquire, Major General Charles Ross, and Duncan Munro, of Culcairn, pretending to have the legal Commissions, and to have been duly chosen Delegates from the Boroughs of Kirkwall, Tain, and Dingwall, voted for the Right honourable Charles James For; and that the Commission produced by the said John Riddoch, Esquire, as Commissioner or Delegate for Vol. 40.

the Borough of Kirkwall, was not only in itself void and null, having been brought' about by open Force and Violence, contrary to the Votes given by a Majority of the legal Electors, and not having the Common Seal of the Town appended by the Town Clerk, according to an express Act of Parliament to that Effect, but also, the said Borough of Kirkwall had no Right or Title to send or make Choice of a Delegate to vote at the said Election, on account of the Want and unjust Exclusion of certain constituent ^Members essentially necessary to have been present by the Set and Constitution of the Borough; and that the Commission produced by the said Major General Charles Ross is void and null, in respect that the said Commission bears, That Devoid Ross, Writer in Tain, was appointed Assessor, to act in the Absence of the said Major General Charles Ross, which is manifestly contrary to Law, no Borough being entitled to name above One Commissioner; and that the said Duncan Munro, Esquire, of Culcairn, was not entitled to give a Vote at the said Election, in respect he did not produce the Precept of the Sheriff of Ross to the Magistrates of Dingwall, nor any Evidence that the Orders and Directions of the Legislature, in regard to the Choice of a Commissioner, had been complied with, nor any Authority upon ,w>hich his Commission was founded; and that the said Right honourable Charles James For was ineligible, not being a legal qualified Burgess in any One of the said Boroughs, and having no , Connection with, or Property in, them, nor paying Tax and Stent to His Majesty, according to the Laws and Acts of Parliament directing the same; and also, that his Election is contrary to an Act of the Scots Parliament for settling the Manner of electing Sixteen Peers, and Forty-five Commoners, to represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain, which Act declares that none shall be capable to elect, or be elected, to represent a Shire or Burgh, in the Parliament of Great Britain, for Scotland, except such as were then capable, at the Time of the Union, to elect, or be elected, Commissioners for Shires or Boroughs to the Parliament of Scotland, which no Person was capable of, being born out of Scotland, unconnected with that Country, and who had no Estate or Property therein; and that the Petitioner having had the Voles of the Delegates of the Boroughs of Wick and Dornoch, at the Election aforesaid, and the Delegate, or Commissioner, from Wick, having also declared, that in the Event of an Equality of Votes, by the Incapacity of any One or more of the Four other Commissioners, that he gave his casting or decisive Voice in Favour of the Petitioner, he had thereby a Majority of legal Votes; notwithstanding which, the said Right honourable Charles James For has been returned as the Burgess duly elected to serve in Parliament for the aforesaid District of Boroughs, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, to permit him to be heard by Counsel, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 5th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Another Petition of John Sinclair, Esquire, was also Kirkwall read; Setting forth, That since the Petitioner com- Election, plained to the House of the Election of the Right honourable Charles James For for the Borough of KirkzvaU, and others in Scotlatid, the Petitioner finds, that the said Election took Place in Consequence of certain corrupt Agreements and other illegal Practices by the Friends and Agents of the said Charles James For, of which he was uninformed when the former Petition wras presented: And therefore trusts, That the House will take the same into Consideration at the same Time with the Matters contained in the former

6 B Petition,

46a a8° JanuaA. 1785.

Petition, and to find that the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, Member for the said District of Boroughs.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Saltash A Petition of the Right honourable George Gordon,

Election. commonly called Lord Strathaven, and John Curtis, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, and the Right honourable Charles Jenkinson, and Charles Ambler, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Mr. Nicholas Mill, the Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, behaved himself with Partiality in Favour of the said Charles Jenkinson and Charles Ambler, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right of voting at the said Election, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and by admitting on the Poll, for the said Charles Jenkinson and Charles Ambler, the Votes of several Persons who had no Right of voting, and ought to have been rejected; and thereby a Majority of Votes was improperly received on the Poll for the said Charles Jenkinson and Charles Ambler, and they were returned duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of the said Borough of Saltash; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 7th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Oakhampton A Petition of Humphry Minchin, Esquire, was read;

Election. Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, which began on Monday the 5th Day of April 1784, the Petitioner, the Right honourable Gcw'ge Capel Conningsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, and John Luxmoore, Esquire, and Thomas Wiggens, Esquire, wrere Candidates; and that the Petitioner and the said George Capel Conningsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, were duly elected, and ought in Justice to have been returned as Members to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament, but that Henry Luxmoore, then Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, was very partial in Favour of the said John Luxmoore and Thomas Wiggens, admitting many Persons to poll for them w ho had no Right to vote at the said Election, and rejecting many Persons who were entitled to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioner and the said George Capel Conningsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden; by Means whereof, and of other undue and illegal Practices of the said Returning Officer,>and of the said John Luxmoore and Thomas Wiggens, the said John Luxmoore and Thomas Wiggens are returned as duly elected, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner and the said George Capel Conningsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden: And therefore praying, That the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and that such Relief may be granted to the Petitioner therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consi-

deration upon Tuesday the 19th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " 19th Day of " Apiil" and inserting the Words " 22d Day of Fe~

" bruaryn instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " 19th Day of April" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yees,^;^. } 100.

Toners for 4. „

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 19th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Christopher Cunningham Vickry, Noah Oakhampton Cartwright, John Youlden, Henry Gale, Joseph Harris, Elcclioil* Henry Jole, William Jole, John Lane, John Limebcar,

William Weekes, Edward Paltridge, Thomas Earle, and Thomas Gliddon, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, in Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the same Borough, w>as also read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, which began on Monday the 5th Day of April 1784, the Right honourable George Capel Conningsby, Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, Humphry Minchin, Esquire, John Luxmoore, Esquire, and Thomas Wiggens,

Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Lord Viscount Malden and Humphry Minchin were duly elected, and ought in Justice to have been returned, as Members to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament, but that Hairy Luxmoore, then Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, was very partial in Favour of the said John Luxmoore and Thomas Wiggens, admitting many Persons to poll for them who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and rejecting many Persons who were entitled to vote, and offered to poll for the said Lord Malden and Mr. Min- chin; by Means whereof and of other undue and illegal Practices of the said Returning Officer, and of the said John Luxmoore and Thomas Wiggens, the said John Luxmoore and Thomas Wiggens are returned as duly elected, to the great Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and that such Relief may be granted to the Petitioners therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert Cricklade Nicholas, Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That, at the Election, late General Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, Robci't Adamson, Charles Westley Coxe, Esquires, and the Petitioners, were Candidates; and that many indirect and unwarrantable Practices were made use of by the said Robert Adamson and Charles Westley Coxe, and also by other Persons in their Interests, to procure a colourable Majority for them the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Care; and that Richard Townsend was the Bailiff and the Returning Officer of the said Borough, and, before the Poll, did attempt, by undue and improper Influence, to prevail upon Persons who had no Right of voting, to appear and tender their Votes in x Favour

5 Geo. III. 28° Janu 463

Favour of Mr. Adamson and Mr. Care, promising and giving them Reasons to believe that he would admit them upon the Poll at all Events; and that, during the Poll, the said Richard Townsend did behave himself with marked and continued Partiality and Preference towards Mr. Adamson and % Mr. Core, and did illegally and arbitrarily admit a great Number of Voters who had no Right to vote, nor were qualified in any Manner, to give their Votes at such FJection for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Care, and did wilfully and knowingly reject many Voters who were duly qualified to vote, and who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioners, and did, by a, Variety of other undue and illegal Devices, attempt to procure a fraudulent and colourable Majority for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Care, and did, against the earnest and continued Remonstrances of the Petitioners and their Counsel, admit, without proper and sufficient Equity, all Persons to vote for Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, and did discourage all Enquiry into the Rights or Titles of those who tendered their Votes for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core; and that the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, by themselves and their Agents, before and at the said Election, were guilty of gross Bribery in order to corrupt the Voters of the said Borough, and, as well by giving, as by promising to give, Money and other Rewards to the Voters of the said Borough, and by other illegal, corrupt, and indirect Means, did prevail on many of the Voters of the said Borough to give their Votes at the said Election for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core; and that, in Consequence thereof, and by the partial, arbitrary, and illegal Conduct of the Returning Officer, a colourable Majority of Votes was obtained for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, under which the said Returning Officer has endeavoured to protect himself for the illegal Return which he has made of the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Care, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, who had a clear Majority of legal and uncorrupted Votes, and who should have been returned for the said Borough, and in Subversion of the true and sacred Rights of Election, and the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the Tenth Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Tenth" and inserting the Word " Seventeenth" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Tenth" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 10th Day of Febniary next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

CricUade A Petition of those whose Names are thereunto substation. scribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament

for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was also read; Setting forth. That, at the late General Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Robert Adamson, Charles West ley Core, John Walker Hencage, and Robert Nicholas, Esquires, were Candidates; and that many indirect and unwarrantable Practices were made use of by the said Robert Adamson and Charles West ley Core, and also by other Persons in their Interests, to procure a colourable Majority for them the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core; and that Richard Townsend was the Bailiff* and the Returning Officer of the said Borough, and, before the Poll, did attempt, by undue and improper Influence, to prevail upon Persons who had no Right of voting to appear and tender their Votes in Favour of Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, promising and giving them Vol. 40.

Reasons to believe that he would admit them upon the Poll at all Events; and that, during the Poll, the said Richard Townsend did behave himself with marked and continued Partiality and Preference towards Mr.

Adamson and Mr. Core, and did illegally and arbitral rily admit a great Number of Voters, who had no Right to vote, nor were qualified in any Manner, to give their Votes at such Election for the said Mr.

Adamson and Mr. Core, and did wilfully and knowingly reject many Voters who were duly qualified to vote, and who tendered their Votes in Favour of the said Mr.

Heneage and Mr. Nicholas, and did, by a Variety of other undue and illegal Devices, attempt to procure a fraudulent and colourable Majority for the said Mr.

Adamson and Mr. Core, and did, against the earnest and continued Remonstrances of Mr. Heneage and Mr. Nicholas, and their Counsel, admit, without proper and sufficient Equity, all Persons to vote for Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, and did discourage all Enquiry into the Rights or Titles of those who tendered their Votes for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core; and that, in Consequence of such unwarrantable Practices, and by the partial, arbitrary, and illegal Conduct of the Returning Officer, a colourable Majority of Votes was obtained for the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, under which the said Returning Officer has endeavoured to protect himself for the illegal Return which he has made of the said Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core, in Violation of the Franchises of the Petitioners and others, Voters for the said Mr. Heneage and Mr, Nicholas, who had a clear Majority of legal and uncor- rupted Votes, and ought to have been returned for the said Borough, and in Subversion of the true and sacred Rights of Election, and of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore prajing the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persoi^, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessarjC by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of John Barrington, Esquire, was read; Newport, Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members Isle of Wight, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newport, Election* in the Isle of Wight, the Petitioner, together with the Honourable Hugh Seymour Comvay and Edward Rush-worth, Clerk, were Candidates; and, that the said Edward Rushworth, on or about the 16th Day of April 1780, was admitted into the Holy Order of Deacon, by John Lord Bishop of Oxford\ in the Stead, and by the Desire, of John late Lord Bishop of Winchester, deceased, and by the said Lord Bishop was then ordained a Deacon; and, on the same 16th Day of April, the said Edward Rushworth w as licensed to serve the Curacy of the Church of Whitsbury, in the County of Wilts, within the Diocese of Winchester, to w'hich the said Edward Rushwoi'th had been previously nominated and appointed by the Reverend Henry Longdon, Vicar of Whitsbury aforesaid, at the Yearly Sum of Thirty' Pounds for his Maintenance in the same; and, by virtue of such Ordination, the said Edward Rushworth exercised, for some Time, the Function of a Clerk in Holy Orders, by reading Prayers and preaching in the Parish Church of Nezvport, and several other Churches, within the Diocese of Winchester; and that the said Edward Rushworth, being, at the Time of the said Election, a Clerk in Holy Orders, was not capable of being elected to serve for the said Borough of Nezvport in Parliament; and that, previous to the Commencement of the Poll for the said Election, the Electors, assembled together, were informed that the said Edward Rushwoj'th w as a Clerk

in

464 $8 0 Januarii. 1785.

in Deacon’s Orders, and not eligible to serve in Par- into Consideration, to permit them to be heard by liament, and such of the Electors who voted for him their Counsel,* and to grant them such Redress and would throw away their Votes, but that, notwith- Relief, by declaring the Election of the said Alexander standing such Public Notification of the Ineligibility Penrose Cummings or otherwise, as to the House shall of the said Edward Rushxoorth to be a Member of this seem meet.

House, several of the Electors voted for the said Ed~ Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

ward Rushworth, and, Henry Trattle, the Mayor and sideration at the same Time that the last preceding Returning Officer of the said Borough, took on him-. Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration, self to receive on*his Poll such Votes for the said Ed- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

\ward Rushworth, and made a Return of the said Ed- Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as ward Rushworth, with the said Hugh Seymour Conway, shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the as Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions, said Borough, although the Petitioner was duly elected,

and ought to have been returned in the Place and A Petition of George Johnstone9 Esquire, was read; Wigton, &c.

Stead of the said Edward Rushworth: And therefore Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Dele- Election, praying the House to take the Premises into Conside- gate, or Commissioner, for the Burgh of Whithorn, in ration, and to give him such Relief as to the House that . Part of Great Britain called Scotlandin order to shall seem meet. meet the Commissioners chosen, or to be chosen, by

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- the other Three Burghs of that District, viz. Wigton,

sideration upon Tuesday the 22d Day of February next, New Galloway, and Stranrawer, for the Purpose of

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. electing a Burgess to represent them in Parliament

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Captain John Hawthorn, of Castlewig, a Member of the Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Council of Whithorn, was, by divers illegal and corrupt shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on Practices, chosen, by a Majority of One Voice, on the the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. 16th Day of April last, a Delegate from the said

Burgh of Whithorn, in Opposition to the Honourable A Petition of Alexander Penrose Camming, of Altyre, Keith Stewart, of Glasserton, who had the Majority of Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late legal and uncorrupted Votes, and who took the pro-Election of a Commissioner to serve in this present per Protests thereupon; and that, on the 26th Day of Parliament for the Shire of Elgin and Forres, the the said Month of April last, the several Commissioners Right honourable James Earl Fife, of the Kingdom of returned by the said Burghs met at Wigton, and pro-Ireland, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and ceeded to the Election of a Burgess to serve ii^Parlia-that the Petitioner conceives he was duly elected, and ment, when Major General William Dahymple and ought to have been returned as Commissioner for the the Petitioner were Candidates; and that Mr. Newell, said Shire, the Majority of the Freeholders present, the Delegate from the Burgh of New Galloway, and qualified and entitled by Law, having given their Mr. Ligget, the Delegate from Siranrctwer, and the

Votes for him; but, the Praeses of the Meeting said Captain John Hawthorn, as Delegate from the

having admitted the Votes of several Persons, who, Burgh of Whithorn, voted for the said Major General as the Petitioner is advised and conceives, were not William Dalrymple, and Robert Vans Agnew, the De~

legally qualified or entitled, and who were objected ' legate from the Burgh of Wigton, which was also the

to at the Time, as not possessed of such Real Freehold Returning Burgh for this Election, and had in Conse-Estates and Qualifications as the Law requires, and quence the Casting Voice in Case of an Equality of upon other Grounds, and the said Persons having Voices, and which Casting Voice Mr. Agnew claimed voted for the said James Earl Fife, there was an appa- and declared, voted for the Petitioner, as did the Ho-rent Majority in his Favour, and he has been accord- nourable Keith Stewart, under a due Protest against ingly returned as the Commissioner elected, contrary the said Election and Vote of the said John Hawthorn to Law, and in Prejudice of the Petitioners Rightas Delegate, and claiming himself to be admitted to And therefore praying the House to take the Premises vote for the Petitioner, and, under the proper Protest, into Consideration, and to permit him to be heard, by voted accordingly, in Consequence whereof the Ped-his Counsel, and to grant such Relief as to the House tioner was truly and legally chosen the Representative j

shall seem meet. to serve in Parliament; nevertheless, by Means of

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- these and several other illegal and corrupt Practices sideration upon Thursday the 17th Day of March next, by the said Major General William Dahymple, or at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. his Agents, previous to the said Election, the said Ma-

A Petition of the Freeholders of the Shire of Elgin jor General William Dahymple hath been returned as I

and Forres, thereunto subscribing, was also read; Set- the Representative to serve in Parliament for the said ting forth, That, at the late Election of a Commissi- District of Burghs: And therefore praying the House oner to serve in the present Parliament for the Shire to take the Premises under their Consideration, and of Elgin and Forres, the Right honourable James Earl to give to the Petitioner such Relief as to the House Fife, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Alexander Pen- shall seem meet

rose Camming, of Altyre, Esquire, were Candidates; Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-and that the Petitioners conceive, and are advised, sideration upon Tuesday the 22d Day of March next, at that the said Alexander Penrose Camming, for whom Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, they severally voted, was duly elected, and ought to Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or have been returned as Commissioner for the said Shire, Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as the Majority of the Freeholders present, who were shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on qualified and entitled by Law, having given their the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Votes for him; but the Votes of several Persons not

legally qualified or entitled, and who were objected A Petition of Sir Richard Hotham, Knight, was Southwark to at the Time, as not possessed of such Real Freehold read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a ElccUun* Estates and Qualifications as the Law requires, and Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of upon other Grounds, being admitted and given for Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the said James Earl Fife, there was an apparent Ma- the late Sir Barnard Turner, Knight, deceased, Paid jority in his Favour, and he has been accordingly re- Le Mcsurier, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were the turned as the Commissioner elected, in Violation of Candidates; and that, at the said Election, many Per-the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners: And sons who had no Capacity to vote at any Election of therefore praying the House to take the Premises Members to serve in Parliament, and many others

25 Geo. III. a8° januariL 465

who were not qualified to Vote at the said Election according to the last Determination of the House of Commons (regulating and settling the Right of Election in and for the said Borough) and the Law of the Land, were admitted to vote, and were polled for the said Paul Le Mesurier; and that the said Paul Le Mesuricr and the Petitioner having agreed finally to close the Poll at Three o’Clock on the Third Day of the said Election, it was most particularly necessary that there should be no Sort of Interruption of the Proceedings at the said Election, and, from the numerous Persons who had a Right to vote therein, that there should not be, in the smallest Degree, any Interruption, or Delay, in taking the Poll; but the said Paul Le Mesurier, not regarding the Premises, and the Freedom of Election, by himself, his Friends and Agents, caused and procured a turbulent Band of Sailors, and others, to be led up to and about the Hustings, from Time to Time, during the said Election, who, by Threats, Insult, and Violence, greatly interrupted the said Election, and thereby intimidated and prevented many of the Voters of the said Borough from polling for the Petitioner at the said Election, and delayed others, who were not so to be intimidated, so long, that the Poll was finally closed before they could (without great Danger and Risque to themselves) be permitted to poll at the said Election; and that many of the Voters of the said Borough, voting for the said Paul Le Mesurier, did ask, receive, and take Money, and other Rewards, of the said Paul Le Mesurier, his Friends and Agents, by Way of Gift, Loan, and other Devices, and agreed and contracted with the said Paul Le MesurZr, his Friends and Agents, for Money, Gifts, Offices, Employments, and Rewards, to give their Votes at the said Election, and divers others of such Voters, for such illegal and corrupt Considerations as aforesaid, were persuaded by the said Paid Le Mesurier, his Friends and Agents, to forbear to give their Votes at the said Election; and that the said Paul Le Mesurier, before and during the said Election, by himself, his Friends and Agents, was guilty of Bribery, Corruption, and undue Influence, by giving, and promising to give, Money, and other Rewards, to the Voters of the said Borough, w hereby, and by other illegal and corrupt Means, many of the Voters of the said Borough were induced and prevailed upon to give their Votes at the said Election for the said Paul Le Mesurier, and, others of the said Voters were induced and prevailed upon to forbear to give their Votes at the said Election; and that the said Paul Le Mesurier, in the Time of this present Parliament, and after the Vacancy (occasioned by the Death of the said Sir Barnard Turner) for the said Borough, by himself, and by other Ways and Means in the said Paul Le Mesurier s Behalf, and at his Charge, and before his Election for the said Borough (herein after mentioned) gave, presented, and allowed to several Persons, having Voices and Votes in such Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Promises and Engagements, to allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provision, Reward, and Entertainment to and for several such Persons in-particular, as wrell as to the said Borough in general, in order to be elected, and for being elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, contrary to the Statute; and that, by the aforesaid and other undue and illegal Means, the said Paul Le Mesurier obtained a colourable Majority of Eleven Votes upon the Poll at the said Election, and was accordingly returned as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Violation of the sacred Purity of Election, in Derogation of the Rights of the legal and uncorrupt Electors of the said Borough, and in Prejudice of the Petitioner* who, having a Majority of legal and uncorrupted Votes on the said Pol! (and no Disability what-. Vo*. 40.

ever) was duly elected at the said Election, and ought, in Justice to himself and to the Voters of the said Borough, to have been returned a Burgess to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Con-i sideration, and to grant to the Petidonersuch Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 1st Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " 1st Day of " March " and inserting the Words " 12th Day of " April " instead thereof.

And the Question being put* That the Words " 1st " Day of March" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 1st Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Samuel Tyssen, Esquire, tvas read; Colchester Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Burgess Election, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, which was had on the 12th and 13th Days of July 1784, on a Vacancy occasioned by a Committee of this House having deter^ mined a former Election of Christopher Potter, Esquire, to be void, Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, the said Christopher Potter, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, after the said Vacancy happened, and previous to, and during the Time of, the said Elec* tion, the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents,

Friends, and Managers, was guilty of many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, by giving divers large Sums of Money to the Electors of the said Borough, and by corruptly promising to the said Electors, or some of them, large Presents, Gifts, Ad* vantages, and Rewards, on Condition that they the said Electors would vote in the said Election for him the said Sir Robert Smyth; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, did, after the said Borough became vacant as aforesaid, and before and during the said Election, at the Charge of him the said Sir Robert Smyth, give, present, and allow to divers Persons, having Voice or Vote in the said Election, Mpney, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Presents, Gifts,

Rewards, and Entertainment, and made Promises, Agreements, Obligations, and Engagements, to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents,

Rewards, Advantages, and Entertainments, to and for several Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, and to and for the Use, Advantage,

Benefit, Profit, and Preferment, of such Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election, in, order to procure him the said Sir Robei't Smyth to be elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, his Agents, Friends, and Managers, by many notorious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and by many other illegal and unwarrantable Practices, did, corruptly and illegally, procure a great Number of the Electors of the said Borough to vote for him the said Sir Robert Smyth at the said Election; and, by Means of those, and > other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, the said Sir Robert Smyth did influence, obtain, and procure a Majority of corrupt Votes over the Petitioner, and was returned as a Burgess duly elected to serve in

6 C Parliament

Colchester

Election.

4 66 28° Januaril A. 1785.

Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester, whereas, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on if such corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Prac- the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions, tices had not been used, the Petitioner would have

had a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Domim and would have been returned a Member to serve in thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of kkction. Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying Downton, in the County of Wilts, was read; Setting the House to take tie Premises into Consideration, that forth, That, at the late Election of One Burgess to Justice may be done therein. serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- of the Honourable Edward Bouverie, whose Election sideration upon Thursday the 3d Day of March next, at was adjudged to be void on the Ground of an Equa-Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. lity of Votes with the Honourable Henry Seymour Con-

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are way, the Honourable William Seymour Conway, and thereunto subscribed, being Electors in the Borough the said Eduard Bouverie, were proposed as Candi-of Colchester, in the County of Essex, was also read; dates; and that, notwithstanding the late Adjudica-Seiting forth, That, at the late Election of a Member tion of the Committee who tried the Merits of the to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester, last Double Return entered upon the Journals of this which was had on the 12th and 13th Days of July House, and published by their Authority, and read to 1784, en a Vacancy occasioned by a Committee of the Voters at the public Cross in the said Borough, this House having determined a former Election of viz, " That John Dagge, Gentleman, was the legal Christopher Potter, Esquire, to serve in Parliament for " Returning Officer," the Poll of the said John Dagge the said Borough, to be void, Sir Robert Smyth, Ba- was interrupted by Mr. James Serlc, who, upon the ronet, the said Christopher Potter, Esquire, and Samuel same Pretences as were alledged at the former Elec-Tysscn, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said tion by Mr. Henry Harrison, who then acted for the Sir Robei't Smyth, by himself, his Agents and Ma- said Mr. Serle as his Deputy, claimed to be Returning nagers,. after the said Vacancy happened, and before Officer, and actually took a Poll, in Defiance of the and during the said Election, was guilty of many no- express Words of the said late Determination, and torious and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, hath made a false Return of the said Mr. Conway, and did actually bribe a great Number of the Electors as duly elected for the said Borough: And therefore of the said Borough, by giving large Sums of Money praying, on the Behalf as well of the said Eduwd Bou-to many of the Electors of the said Borough, and by verie, who was duly elected, and is returned by the corruptly promising to the said Electors, or some of said John Dagge, as of themselves and others, Electors them, large Presents, Gifts, Rewards, and Advan- of the said Borough, That the said Return of the said tages, in order to induce them to vote for the said Sir James Serle may be taken off the File; or that such Robert Smyth in the said Election; and that the said other Relief may be had in the Premises as so gross a Sir Robert Smyth, by himself, and his Agents and Contempt of the late Decision, and so palpable an Injury Friends, and at the Charge of him the said Sir Robert to the Electors, may justly warrant Smyth, did, after the aforesaid Vacancy of a Burgess Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and be- sideration upon Thursday the 17th Day of February1 fore and during the said Election, give, present, and next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, allow, to many Persons having Voice or Vote in the A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are said Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of and Provision, and made Presents, Gifts, Rewards, Downton, in the County of Wilts, was also read; Set-and Entertainments, and made Promises, Agreements, ting forth, That, at the last Election of a Burgess to Obligations, and Engagements, to give or allow serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the Ho-Money, Meat, Drink, Provisions, Presents, Advan- nourable Edward Bouverie and the Honourable fVilr tages, Rewards, and Entertainments, to and for seve- Uam Conway were Candidates; and that the Election ral Persons so having or claiming Right to vote in came on the 26th Day of July last, and a Poll being the said Election, and to and for the Use, Advantage, demanded, the said Edward Bouverie had a clear Ma-Benelit, Profit, and Preferment of such Persons so jority of legal Votes, and w as returned by John Dagge, having or claiming Right to vote in the said Election,' Gentleman, wffio is the only proper and legal Return-in order to procure him the said Sir Robert Smyth to ing Officer for the said Borough; and that James be elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Serle, Gentleman, took upon himself to act also as Resaid Borough; and that the said Sir Robert Smyth, by turning Officer (although he had no Right so to do) himself, his Agents and Managers, by many notorious and, on the Poll taken by him, to reject several Votes Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and by many other that offered to poll before him for the said Edward illegal and unwarrantable Acts, did, corruptly and Bouverie, and to admit several Votes for the said Wil-illegally, procure a great many of the Electors of the liam Conway that ought not to have been admitted, and said Borough to vote for him the said Sir Robert Smyth, has made a Return of the said William Conway as duly at the said Election, who would not otherwise have elected, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in voted for him; and, by Means of those and other manifest Violation of the Freedom of Election, and the corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, Law of Parliament: And therefore praying the House the said Sir Robert Smyth did influence, obtain, and to take the Merits of the said Election into their Consi-procure a Majority of corrupt Votes, and was thereby deration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to returned as a Burgess duly elected to serve in Parliament the House shall seem just.

for the said Borough of Colchester, contrary to Law, in A Petition of Charles Hill and James Millett, Free- Ditto. Violation of the Freedom of Elections, and to the holders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of great and manifest Injury of the Petitioners, and the Wilts, was likewise read; Setting forth, That, at the rest of the uncorrupted Voters of the said Borough: last Election of a Representative for the said Borough,

And therefore praying the House to take the Pre- the Petitioners legally tendered their Votes for the

mises into Consideration, that Justice may be done Honourable Edward Bouverie, but for some Reason therein. unknown to the Petitioners, and to their manifest In-

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- jury, the same were not received upon the Poll: And sideration at the same Time that the last preceding the refore praying, That they may have an Oppor-

Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration. tunity of establishing the Votes so tendered at the said

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, Election, in such Manner as to the House shtril seem or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, meet.

9 And

35 Geo. III. a8° Januariu 467

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Then several other Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, were delivered in at the Table, and read by the Clerk, in the following Order; viz. wnton ' A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ection. thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the Borough of Doumton, in the County of Wilts, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Doumton, the Honourable William Seymour Conway and the Honourable Edward Bowoerie were Candidates; and that the said Election came on at Downton aforesaid on the ?6th Day of July last, and a Poll being demanded, the same was taken before James Serle, Esquire, Bailiff of the Hundred and Borough of Downton aforesaid, who acted as the Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that John Dagge, Esquire, under an Appointment as Deputy to Joseph Elderton, Esquire, the Steward of the Manor and Borough of Downton aforesaid, did also take upon himself to act as the Returning Officer of the said Borough, and a Poll was also taken by the said John Dagge; and that a very great Majority of the legal Votes of the said Borough were tendered in Favour of the said William Seymour Conway by the Petitioners, and divers other Freeholders of the said Borough, unto the said James Serle, and also to the said John Dagge; and that the said James Serle did unlawfully reject divers legal Votes which were tendered unto him in Favour of the said William Seymour Conway as aforesaid, and received several illegal Votes in Favour of the said Edward Bowoerie; yet nevertheless, a very great Majority of legal Votes having been tendered and given at the said Election, and ad minted fey the said James Serle in Favour of the said William Seymour Comvay, the said James Serle did thereupon declare the said William Seymour Comvay to be duly elected, and hath accordingly returned him as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said John Dagge, at the said Poll so taken by him, did unlawfully and partially reject several legal Votes which were so as aforesaid tendered in Favour of the said William Seymour Comvay, and did receive many illegal Votes in Favour of the said Edward Bowoerie, and, under Colour of a pretended Majority in Favour of the said Edward Bouverie, did declare him to be duly elected, and, notwithstanding the said real Majority in Favour of the said William Seymour Conway, hath taken upon himself falsely and illegally to make a Return of the said Edward Bowoerie, as a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the said William Seymour Conway, and in direct Violation of the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners, and of the other legal Electors of the said Borough, and, the Sheriff of the said County of Wilts hath annexed to his Writ the Indentures of both the said Returns; and that the said Edward Bouverie, by himself and his Agents, and divers other Persons in his Behalf, were guilty of Bribery, and divers other corrupt and illegal Practices, at and before the said Election, in order to procure him the said Edward Bouverie to be returned for the said Borough, to the Prejudice of the said William Seymour Comvay, and in Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and of the Law of Elections: And therefore praying the House, as ivell on the Behalf of the said William Seymour Conway, as of themselves and Others, Electors of the said Borough, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as shall seem meet.

Vol. 40.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 17th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the.

County of Wilts, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Elisha Tcbb, Benjamin Shaw, John Southwark King, John Kent, Thomas Thomas, Joseph Bromley, Election-and James Sayle, and others, Electors in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the Room of the late Sir Barnard Turner, Knight, deceased, Sir Richard Hotham, Knight (lately One of the Representatives for the said Borough in Parliament) and Paul Le Mesu~ rier, Esquire, were the Candidates; and that, at the said Election, many Persons who had no Capacity to vote at any Election for Members to serve in Parliament, and many others who were not qualified to vote at such Elections for the said Borough, according to the last Determination of the House of Commons (settling the Right of Election in and for the said Borough) and the Law of the Land, were admitted to vote for the said Paul Le Mesurier; and that the said Candidates, having agreed finally to close the Poll at Three o’Clock on the Third Day of the said Election, it was most particularly necessary that there should be no Sort of Interruption of the Proceedings at the said Election, and, that the numerous Persons who had a Right to vote therein should not be in the smallest Degree, interrupted or delayed in giving their Suffrages; but the said Paul Le Mesurier, not regarding the Premises, and the Freedom of Election, by himself, his Friends, and Agents, caused and procured a turbulent Band of Sailors, and others, to be led up to the Hustings, from Time to Time, during the said Election, who, by Threats, Insults, and Violence, greatly interrupted the said Election, and thereby intimidated and prevented many of the Voters of the said Borough for polling for the said Sir Richard Hotham, and also delayed others, who were not to be intimidated, so long, that the Poll was finally closed, before they could (without great Danger and 'Risque to themselves) be permitted to poll at the said Election; and that many of the Voters of the said Borough, voting for the said Paul Le Mesurier, did ask, receive, and take Money, and other Rewards, of the said Paul Le Mesurier, his Friends, and Agents, by Way of Gift, Loan, and other Devices, and agreed and contracted with the said Paul Le Mesuiier, his Friends and Agents, for Money, Gifts, Offices, Employments, and other Rewards, to give their Votes at the said Election, and divers others of them, for such illegal and corrupt Considerations as aforesaid, were persuaded by the said Paul Le Mesurier, his Friends, and Agents, to forbear to give their Votes at the said Election; and that the said Paul Le Mesurier, before and during the said Election, by himself, his Friends, and Agents, was guilty of Bribery and Corruption, by giving and promising Money, Securities for Money, and other Rewards, to the Voters of the said Borough, whereby, and by other illegal Means, many of the Voters of the said Borough were induced and prevailed upon to give their Votes at the said Election for the said Paul Le Mesurier, and, others of the said Voters were induced and prevailed upon to forbear to give their Votes at the said Election; and that the said Paul Le Mesurier, in the Time of this present Parliament, after the Vacancy for the said Borough (occasioned by the Death of the said Sir Barnard

Turner)

Preston

Election.

Ditto.

468 28° Januarii. A. 1785*

Turner') and before the Election of the said Paul Le Parliament for, the Borough of Preston, in the County Mesurier (herein after mentioned) by himself, and by Palatine of Lancaster, was also read; Setting forth, other Ways and Means in his Behalf, and at his That at the late Election of Members to serve in Par*

Charge, gave, presented, and allowed to several Per- liament for the said Borough of Preston, Michael An-sons, having Voices and Votes in such Election, Mo- gelo Taylor, Esquire, Ralph Clayton, Esquire, Sir Henry ney> Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and Hoghton, Baronet, and John Burgoyne, Esquire, were made Promises and Engagements to give and allow Candidates, and William Green, Esquire, the late Money, Meat, Drink, Provision, Reward, and Enter- Mayor of the said Borough, and James Cozcburn, Gen-tainment to and for several such Persons in particular, tleman, and Joseph Seaton Aspden, Gentleman, the late as well as to the said Borough in general, in order to Bailiffs of the said Borough, presided at such Election be elected, and for being elected to serve in Parlia- as the Returning Officers; and that, by the Constitu-raent for the said Borough, contrary to the Statute, S$c.; tion of the said Borough, no Person hath (as the Peti-and that by the aforesaid, and other undue and illegal tioners conceive, and doubt not to prove) any Right Means, equally destructive of the Freedom and Purity of voting upon the Election of Burgesses to serve in of Elections, the stud Paul Le Mesurier procured him- Parliament for the said Borough but In Burgesses of

self to be unduly elected and returned a Burgess to serve the said Borough, inhabiting within the same; and

in Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest In- that, at the said Election, the said Michael Angelo jury of the Petitioners, and others, Electors in the said Taylor and Ralph Clayton had a Majority of legal

Borough, who voted at the said Election for the said Votes, according to the Constitution of the said Bo-

Sir Richard Hotham, the Petitioners and such Electors rough, and the said Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph being a Majority of legal Voters, who gave their Clayton ought, therefore, to have been returned the Voices at* the said Election, and thereby duly elected Two Burgesses to serve for the said Borough in Parlia-the said Sir Richard Hotham to be the Representative ment; but the said Returning Officers thought fit, confer the said Borough in this present Parliament: And trary to all Justice, to admit a great Number of Persons, therefore praying the House to take the Premises into who had no Right to poll at the said Election, to give their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners, and Votes for the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne, the other Electors of the said Borough, such Relief contrary to the Constitution of the said Borough,

therein as to the House shall seem just. whereby a greater Number of Votes appeared on the

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- Poll for the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne, sideration upon Tuesday the 1st Day of March next, at than for the said Michael Angelo Taylor* and Ralph the same Time that the Petition of Sir Richard Clayton, and, under Colour of such Majority, the

Hotham, Knight, is ordered to be taken into Consi- said Mayor and Bailiffs did, contrary to the Protests

deration. of the said Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clay-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, ton, and the Petitioners, unjustly return the said or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Re- Sir Henry Hoghton and John Burgoyne, as Burgesses to cords as shall be thought necessary, by the several serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prefer-

Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said ence to the said Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph

Petition. Clayton, who had a greater Number of legal Votes

on the Poll than the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John A Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor, and Ralph Burgoyne, in manifest Violation of the Rights of the Clayton, Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That at Petitioners, and others, the legal Electors of the said the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parlia- Borough, and in Defiance of the Laws requiring fair ment for the Borough of Preston, in the County Pala- Elections: And therefore praying, That the House will tine of Lancaster, Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, John take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Burgoyne, Esquire, and the Petitioners, Were Candi- Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall dates; and that the Petitioners were duly elected Bur- seem meet.

gesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

a Majority of the Persons qualified to vote by the sideration at the same Time that the last preceding.

Constitution of the said Borough; notwithstanding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

4hich, William Green,' Esquire, the Mayor of the said Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, Borough, and James Cowburn, and Joseph Seaton Asp- or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, den, Gentlemen, Bailiffs of the said Borough, pre- as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, siding at the said Election as Returning Officers, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions, thought fit, contrary to all Justice and Right, and in

Violation of the Constitution of the said Borough, ar- A Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, was read; Wootton bitrarily to admit a great Number of Persons to* vote Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses Bassett for the said Sir Henry Hoghton mA John Burgoyne, who to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wootton Election* had no Right to vote at the said Election; and, under Bassett, in the County of Wilts, the Honourable George a Colour of a pretended Majority of Votes thus ille- Augustus North, the Honourable Robert Seymour Con-gaily admitted, the said Mayor and Bailiffs have unduly way, Abraham Robarts, Esquire, and the Petitioner, returned the said Sir Henry Hoghton and John Bur- were Candidates; and that Benjamin Franklin, Mayor goync, as the Burgesses elected to represent, the said of the said Borough, who presided as Returning Of-Borough in Parliament, to the great Prejudice of the ficer at the said Election, acted with the greatest Par-Persons entitled to vote by the Constitution of the tiality in Favour of the said George Augustus North and v said Borough, and to the great Injury of the Peti- Robert Seymour Conway in many Respects, and partitioned, who ought to have been returned the said cularly in admitting many Persons to pofl for the said Burgesses: And therefore praying, That the House will George Augustus North and Robert Seymour Conway, take the Premises into Consideration, and give the who had no Right to vote, whereby, and by other undue Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall Practices of the said Mayor, and also by the Bribery seem meet. and other illegal and corrupt Means practised by the,

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- said George Augustus North and Robert Seymour Consideration upon Tuesday the 12th Day of April next, at way, and their Agents, previous to and during the Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. said Election, the said George Augustus North and Ro« *

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are bert Seymour Conway obtained a colourable Majority, thereunto subscribed, beiner In Burgesses, Inhabitants of Votes upon the Poll over the Petitioner, and wer* within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in by the said Benjamin Franklin unjustly returned to

serve

25 Geo. III. 2%° Januarii. 469

serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the Petitioner had an undoubted Majority, 6f legal Votes over both the said George Augustus North and Robert Seymour Conway, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as the Justice of his Case requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 14th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Newport, Isle A Petition of the Electors of the Borough of New-

of Wight, town, otherwise Fran/cvi/te, in the Isle of Wight, in the

Eleetion. County of Southampton, whose Names are thereto

subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, was read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of a Burgess to represent the said Borough in Parliament, in the room of James Worsley, Esquire, who had vacated his Seat by the Acceptance of a Place, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, and Mark Gregory, Esquire, were the only Candidates; and that the said Mark Gregory was incapable of being elected, not being duly qualified in Point of Estate, and, being directly or indirectly concerned in a Contract or Contracts, was made ineligible by the Act of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act M for restraining any Person, concerned in any Contract, Commission, or Agreement, made for the €t public Service, from being elected, or sitting and " voting as a Member of the House of Commons;" and that William Clarke, Esquire, who took upon himself and acted as Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough at the said Election, was not legal Mayor and Returning Officer thereof, not being possessed of a legal Borough Land within the said Borough; and that, by an illegal Agreement in Writing entered into by Sir Richard Worsley, Baronet, Sir Fitz Williams Barrington, Baronet, John Barrington, Esquire, and others, it was agreed, that from the Date thereof the Election of Burgesses to represent the said Borough in Parliament should be jointly in them, to the Exclusion of all others, legal Electors of the said Borough, or to that Effect; and, that most of the Voters who polled for the said Mark Gregory, Esquire, knew of the said illegal Agreement, and voted under the Influence thereof; and that the said William Clarke, Esquire, did likewise admit many other Persons to vote for the said Mark Gregory, Esquire, whom he ought not to have admitted, and, by these Practices, and by Bribery, the said Mark Gregory, Esquire, did procure himself to be returned a Representative in Parliament, in manifest Injury to the Rights of the Electors, and in open Violation of the Law and Constitution of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the said Return of the said Mark Gregory, Esquire, may be set aside, and that the said Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, who was the only Candidate capable of being elected, may be declared duly elected to represent the said Borough in Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 21st Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign,

Vol. 40.

to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for executing Derby, &c; an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Road, present Majesty, intituled, €i An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and several other Roads " therein mentioned," and also of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money on the Tolls granted by the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, has been duly applied in repairing and widening the said Roads; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and several of the Provisions of the said Act have been found inconvenient, and further Pow’ersare wanting; and that, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet upon Tuesday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Boldero Barnard, Esquire, the South Cave Reverend William Watford, Clerk, and the several Inclosure, other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, and Lands, in the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Township, several Open and Common Fields, Ings, and Uninclosed Meadows, wherein the Lands of the respective Proprietors thereof lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robert Smith, and Mr. Duncombe' do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Imports and comparative Account of the Imports and Exports of Sx^rts of Tobacco, Rice, Indigo, Rum, and Sugar, into and 10 cco> Cl from Great Britain, for the Two Years ending at Christmas 1764, and Chi'istmas 1783, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon; and distinguishing the Produce of the Duties imposed since 1764.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto.

6 D Account

47°

a8° Januarii. — i " FebruariiA. 1785.

Account of the Imports and Exports of Tobacco, Rice, Indigo, Rum, and Sugar, into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending at Christmas 1784* with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon; and distinguishing the Produce of the Duties imposed since 1764.

Export*, Ordered\ That there be laid before this House, an

between Account of the Exports and Imports between Great taiiwmd* Britain and Ireland, for Five Years, to the latest Period Ireland. to which the same can be compleated; distinguishing each Year, and the several Articles.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

M&rtis, 1° die Februarii; Anno 25* Georgii IIIta Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

A Petition of his Grace John Duke of At hall, Tho- Perth Roads, mas Graham, of Balgozvan, David Smyth, of Methuen, &c-John Murray, of Murray s-hall, and William Mercer, of Deuglis, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it has been found, by Experience, in the County of Perth, that the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways*

Bridges, and Ferries, are defective in many Particulars, and the Regulations thereby authorized insufficient to amend, and keep in Repair, the Roads,

Bridges, and Ferries, in the said County, and that other and further Powers are necessary in order to carry into full Execution the Intention of the said Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Regulations a3 to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to General Murray, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Papers,

respecting —

Chaplain f\RDERED, That the Thanks of this House be

thanked. given to the Reverend Philip Williams, Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders of the 22d Day of July, and the 19th Day of August, in the last Session of Parliament,

Ships cleared A List of the Ships and Vessels cleared out to Arne-out to Ame- rica from the several Polls within that Part of Great nca> Britain called Scotland, particularizing, at each Port, the Number of Tons, and the Number of Men, from the 24th of March 1783 to the 24th of March 1784: And also,

Ships cleared A List of the Ships and Vessels cleared Inwards from Amwtca^0111 ^merica at the several Ports within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, particularizing, at each Port, the Number of Tons, and the Number of Men, from the 24th of March 1783 to the 24th of March 1784: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of Coals exported to Foreign Parts, by British Vessels, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with the Amount of the Duties thereon, for Three Years preceding Christmas 1782, and distinguishing what Part thereof. was shipped in the Frith of Forth, and what Part in The Clyde.

Mr. Mitford also, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships from Scot-

Coals exported.

Scotch Ships in Whale Fishery.

land have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Daviss Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil and Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1783 to the 10th of October 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lists and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lists and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lists and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Charles Frederick Wiple was presented Wiple's Nat to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according, to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Rolle and Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of William Lucas Holden, of Daventry, Holden's in the County of Northampton, Clerk, was presented Name, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That William Rose, late of Daventry, aforesaid, Esquire, deceased, by his Will, dated the 3d Day of June 1784, gave all his Advowsons, Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Cottages,

Closes, Meadows, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Real Estates whatsoever, situate, lying, and being in the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, Fields, Liberties, Precincts, and Territories of Northampton, Daventry, Drayton, Nether Hen ford. Stow with Nine Churches, Bugbrooke, Cates by, and Trhilton, all in the County of Northampton aforesaid, and in Woolston,

Stretton upon Dunsmore, and Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, unto his Sister Christian Cadman, for and during the Term of her natural Life; and from and after the Decease of his said Sister Cadman, he gave and devised all his said Estates unto the Petitioner, by the Description of his Nephew William Lucas Holden, and to his Heirs and Assigns for ever — And the said Testator, after giving by his said Will several specific Legacies and Annuities, gave and devised the Residue of his said Personal Estate, after the Decease of his said Sister Christian Cadman, unto the Petitioner, by the Name and Description of his said Nephew William Lucas Holden, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; but the said Testator’s Will was, that all die said Real and Personal Estates and Premisses, so given, devised, and bequeathed unto his said Nephew William Lucas Holden, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, were so respectively given, devised, and bequeathed by him, upon this express Condition, that he his said Nephew William Lucas Holden should, immediately after his Decease, take upon himself, and be called, and in all Letters, Receipts, Writings, Deeds, and other Acts, use and subscribe, and style and write himself by the Surname of Rose only, in the Stead and Place of his own Surname; and, should also, within the Space of One Year next after his Decease, or as soon after as might be, obtain and procure, or use his utmost Endeavours to obtain and procure, an Act of Parliament to qualify himself* and 9 the

a 5 Geo. III. i° Februarii. 471

the Heirs of his Body, to use and take upon himself And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honywood\ and themselves the Surname of Rose only: And in &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at case of Default, Neglect, or Refusal of his said Ne- Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and

phew William Lucas Holden to take upon him and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re-

use the Surname of Rose aforesaid, and to obtain and cords, procure an Act of Parliament for the Purpose aforesaid, within the Time before mentioned and appoint* A Petition of the Debtors in Cambridge Castle, was Debtors ed, then, and in such Case, his Mind and Will was, presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Petition, that all and every the said Devises and Bequests of Distress, and praying Relief.

the said Real and Personal Estates and Premisses Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

thereinbefore respectively by him given, devised, and Table.

bequeathed unto his said Nephew William Lucas Hoi- '

den, should cease, determine, and be utterly void, to A Petition of Christopher Rawlinson, of Upper Clat- Upper

all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that the ford, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, Henry Clatford

said Testator died soon after making his said Will, Errington, of Redrice, in the same County, Esquire, and lnc osure< without altering or revoking the same, and the Peti- of several other Persons, Proprietors of, or otherwise tioner is entitled to the Reversion of the Estates devised interested in, the Common Fields, Common Meadows;

by the said Will, and is desirous of complying with the Conditions and Directions therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear the Surname of Rose only, pursuant to the said Will of the said William Rose, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckbwrgh and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Whitchurch Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton presented to the House, Kuads. according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Nervcastle under Line, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Faversham, A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, &c. Small and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Faversham,

Debts. in the county of Kent; and also, of the principal Inha-

bitants of the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, in the said County, and of the several Parishes of Qspnnge, Scasaltcr, and Whitstable, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Faversham is large and populous, and there is a Creek or Branch of the Sea which runs up to the same, forming a commodious Haven, by Means whereof a considerable Trade is carried on in the said Town, and also in the said Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and the said several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whitstable, on Account of their near Situation to the said Town; and that there are many Persons to whom the Traders of the said Town, Hundreds, and Parishes, are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money, who frequently refuse, although able, to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragements which their Creditors lie under, from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with, in suing for such Debts; and it would tend greatly to promote Industry, and support useful Credit, in the said Town, Hundreds, and Parishes, if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the same could be obtained: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordwed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vo l. 40.

Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, withiA the Parish of Upper Clatford aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, divers Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but which wduld be greatly improved, and rendered of more Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the said Parish, with such Powers, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thistlethwaite and Mr. Jervoise do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Thursday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy and Navy for the Year 1785, with an Estimate of the Half Army Esti-Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers maUs* of the Marines as were employed in the last War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1785, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards,

Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1785, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1785, be laid before this House.

Ordered,

Address, for

Estimates,

&c.

Bucks

Election.

Ditto.

473 i° Februariu \ 1785*

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Bucks, was also read; Setting forth. That, at the last

Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the

the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the said County, which came on at Aylesbury on the 21st last War, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year Day of April last past, the Right honourable William 1785, be laid before this House. JVyndham Grenville, John Aubrey, Esquire, and the

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out- Right honourable Ralph Earl Vemey, of the Kingdom -Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital for the Year 1785, be of Ireland, were Candidates; and that, at the said laid before this House. Election, a Poll being demanded and taken before

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and the Sheriff for the said County, the Petitioners and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this others, being a great Majority of legal Electors over House. those who polled for the said John Aubrey, gave or ten-

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, dered their Suffrages in Favour of the said Earl Verney,

shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half and he was duly elected, and ought to have been re-

Years, ended at the 5th Day of April 1784 and the turned as one of the Knights of the Shire for the said 10th Day of October 1784, as well of or for the Excess County; but the said Sheriff, in taking the Poll, ad-or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called The Aggregate mitted the Votes of a great Number of Persons in Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, Favour of the said John Aubrey, who had no Right to commonly called The South Sea Fund, as also of or for vote at the said Election, and rejected the Votes of the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called many Persons who had good Right to vote at the said The General Fund. Election, and who tendered their Votes for the said

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Earl Vemey, and hath returned the said William JVynd-Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service ham Grenville and John Aubrey as the Two Knights of of the Year 1784 have been disposed of; distinguished the Shire duly elected to serve in Parliament for the under their several Heads. said County; and that the said John Aubrey, by his

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Agents and Friends, previous to and during the Elec-Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood tion, was guilty of many undue, illegal, and unwar-on the 31st Day of December 1784. rantable Practices, and thereby procured himself to be

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to returned, in Prejudice of the said Earl Verney, and in His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Electors Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this for the said County: And therefore praying, That the House the said Estimates, List, and Accounts. House will take the Premises into Consideration, and

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His gfant them such Relief therein as to the House shall

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His seem meet.

Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council. Ordered\ That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration, and Returns, being delivered in at the Table, the Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or same were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order; Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as viz. shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the

A Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Verney, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was read; Setting

forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve A Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, Bedford in Parliament for the County of Bucks, which came on was read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Election, at Aylesbury on the 21st Day of April last past, the Pe- Members to serve in Parliament for the County of titioner, and the Right honourable William JVyndham Bedford, the Right honourable the Earl of Upper Os-Grenville, and John Aubrey, Esquire, were Candidates; sory, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right honourable and that, at the said Election, a Poll being demanded Robei t Henley Lord Ongley of the said Kingdom of and taken before the Sheriff for the said County, a Ireland, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that Majority of legal Votes was polled or tendered in William Goldsmith, Esquire, the Sheriff of the said Favour of the Petitioner over the said John Aubrey, and County, who presided at the said Election, declared the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have that the Numbers on the Poll were, for the Earl of been returned, one of the Knights of the Shire for Upper Ossory 1,050, for the Petitioner 974, and for the the said County; but the said Sheriff admitted a great said Lord Ongley 973; and that the said Lord Ongley Number of illegal Votes in Favour of the said John presented his Petition to the House, stating, among Aubrey, and rejected many legal Votes which were other Things, that of the Votes given and received by tendered in Favour of the Petitiener, and hath returned the said Sheriff at the said Election a greater Number the said William JVyndham Grenville and John Aubrey was given in Favour of him the said Robert Henley as the Two Persons duly elected to serve in Parlia- Lord Ongley than in Favour of the Petitioner, and that ment as Knights of the Shire for the said County-; and the said Sheriff ought to have returned the said Lord that the* said John Aubrey, by his Agents and Friends, Ongley as one of the Members to serve in this present previous to and during the Election, was guilty of Parliament for the said County of Bedford, instead of many undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, and the Petitioner, and praying, that the Return of the thereby procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice said Sheriff might be amended, and the said Lord of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Ongley's Name inserted therein, in the Stead of the Privileges of the Electors for the said County: And Petitioner; and that the said Petition was, by an Order therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises of the House, referred to a Select Committee, and into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as came on to be heard on the 22d Day of June last, and to the House shall seem meet. the said Committee, on the 29th Day of the same

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- Month, resolved, That the said Sheriff ought to have sideration upon Tuesday the 15th Day of March next, at taken the Vote of William Lugsden from the Poll of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. the Petitioner, and added it to the Poll of the said

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Lord Ongley, and, on the 1st Day of July last, deter-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and mined, That the said Lord Ongley ought to have been others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the returned; and the said Resolution having been re-Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of ported to the House, the said Return bath accordingly

been

2$ Geo. lit r0' Februariu' 473

been altered; and that the said Lotd Ongley, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the issuing of the Writ for the said Election, and previous to and during the Poll, by himself and his Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf, and at the Charge of the said Lord Ongley, did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage to give,

present, and allow, to the Electors'of the said County,

and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have* a Right to vote in, the Election for the said County, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision; and the said Lord Ongley did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage to give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said County, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said County, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision* as aforesaid, in order to procure himself to be elected for the said County; and that the said Sheriff rejected a great Number of Persons who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and who ought to have been admitted, having a Right to vote at the said Election, and admitted upon his Poll for the said Lord Ongley a great Number of Persons who were not Freeholders, or were otherwise disqualified' from voting, and ought to have been rejected; and that, the said Lord Ongley, by himself and his Agents, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and previous to, and during the said Election, was guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, in order to procure himself to be returned for the said County; and, by such illegal and undue Means, the said Lord Ongley obtained the Admission of so many Votes in his Favour on the Poll? as, upon a Deduction of One Vote from the Petitioner’s Number on the Poll, and an Addition of it to his own, have caused his Name to be inserted in the Return, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by the Majority of legal Votes, and, ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as the Nature of the Petitioner’s Case shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the loth Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts* made in the loth and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Or-. ders for their Attendance, by themselves, their

' Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Westminster The House was moved, That the Entries in the lection. Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Order, directing " That the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster do " proceed in the Scrutiny for the said City with all " practicable Dispatch," and also, of the Communication thereof to the said High Bailiff, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that no Certificate had been received by the Clerk of this House, of any Return having been made of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City;

Vol. 40.

j Ordered\ That the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster do attend this House upon Friflpy Morning^ next, in order , to give an Account to the House of what fie has done in pursuance of the Resolution of the.

House,. communicated to him at the Bar on the 8th of

June last. , t .* \

Ordered, That Francis Hargrave, Esquire, do attend this House at the same Time.: -

Ordered, That Arthur Murphy> Esquire,. do attend the House at the same Time. (; , v

Ordered, That the Honourable ^. Andrew StMohh> Bedford who has petitioned this House, complaining of an un- Electia* due Election and Return for the CountyofBedford, da, by himself or Agentsy on: or before the 28th Day of; this Instant February, deliver to the Sitting Member, or his Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioner to be objected to, w*ho voted for the Sitting Member giving in the said Lists the several Heads, of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Member for the County of Bedford do, by himself or Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists, on his Part, to the Petitioner, or his Agents.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit- Derby, tee, to w'hom the Petition of several of the Trustees Koad-for executing an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from Derby to <c Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and several " other Roads therein mentioned," and also of several of the Creditors who have advanced Money on the Tolls granted by the said Act, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee; had examined, and found that the Standing Orders the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of, the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Charnel Bateman, Esquire, being examined, said,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby grafted, which Money, together with the Tolls, Iras been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Act.

That the said Roads cannot be kept in proper Repair, nor the Money so borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, €i An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from Derby to " Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and several " other Roads therein mentioned:" And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Trade with His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to America, give Directions, that there be laid before this House,

Copies of the several Orders in Council, which have been issued by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for further 6 E " continuing

Call of the House.

474 i* — 2° Februarii . 1785.

continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in u the 23d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging " to the United States of America; and to give to " His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers " for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions

and the Inhabitants of the said United States."

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That this House be called over, upon this Day Fortnight, the 15 th Day of this Instant February.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 15th Day of this Instant February.

Copies of which Letters are as follow; viz.

From the House of Commons, the 1st 1785.

Sir,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint you. That you are, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Representatives of your County, and Boroughs within the same, to attend their Service in Parliament, on this Day Fortnight, the 15th Day of this Instant February; and you are to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure Of the said House.'

I am, Sir,

Your humble Servant,

C. W. Cornwall, Speaker.

From the House of Commons, the 1st February 1785.

My Lord,

I am commanded by the House of Commons to desire your Lordship, immediately upon the Receipt of this, to summon the Members of Parliament for the Cinque Ports to attend their Service in Parliament, on this Day Fortnight, the 15th Day of this Instant February; you Lordship will also be pleased to give me an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done thereon.

I am, with the utmost Respect,

My Lord,

Your Lordship’s Most humble and obedient Servant,

C.W. Cornwall, Speaker.

To the Right honourable Frederick

Lord North, Lord Warden of the

Cinque Ports.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of die Clock.

Mercurii, 2* dieFebruarii; Anno 25" Georgii III*a Regis, 1785.

Pbayebs.

THE Earl of Courtmn reported to the House, Anmrt* That their Address of Yesterday (that His Ma- Addre*. jesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, List, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The Earl of Courtmn also reported to the Houses That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Copies of the several Orders in Council, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to wipfc’«NaL Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick JViple:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bewfej.tc thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act Ro*d. passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled. " An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from Bcoerley " to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the Roads comprised in the said Act, in doing which the Tolls, together with a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly expended; and that great Part of the Money so borrowed still remains due, and the said Roads cannot be completely widened and kept in Repair, and the Debt be paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Sykes, Mr. combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Ftvtrefum, whom,the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Com- *CjSoi»ll monalty, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of De U-Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also, of the principal Inhabitants of the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, in the said County, and of the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whitslable, in the same County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Henry IVreight, being examined, said, That the Town and Port of Faversham is large and populous, and that there is a Creek or Branch of the Sea which runs up to the same, and forms a commodious Haven, by Means whereof a considerable Trade is carried on 7 in

FS

25 Geo. III. 2° Februarii. 475

in the said Town and Port, and also in the Hundreds of Favcrskam and Boughton, and Parishes of Ospringc, Seasalter, and Whit stably on Account of their near Situation to the said Town and Port.

That there are many Persons to whom the Traders of the said Town and Port, Hundreds and Parishes, are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money, who frequently refuse, although able, to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement their Creditors lie wider, from the great Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with, in suing for such Debts.

And the Witness further said, That it would greatly tend to promote Industry, and support useful Credit in the said Town and Port, Hundreds and Parishes, if a more easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the same could be obtained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the mdre easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Towq and Port of Faversham, the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whitstable, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Honyzcood do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Horsham, A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe-&c. Hoads, cution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Horsham, in the County of Sussed*, through the Parishes of Shipley, West-Grinsted, Ashursty Steyning, Bramber, and Beeding, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected, which now remains due; and that the Money borrowed, together with the Tolls collected from Time to Time, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Roads; and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and unless the same is continued, and some further and greater Powers granted, the present Debt cannot be discharged, and the Roads kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That > Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the* said Act, and for making such Amendments and Alterations therein, as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Aldridge, Lord George Lennox, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Catling A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for

Street to putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and

jeckbury passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present

oa s* Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, " several Roads leading from The Buck's Head at Watling Street to Beckbury and The New Inn, and from " the Birches Brook to the Hand Post in the Parish of i6 Kembertm, in the County of Salop," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Mo* ney on the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, which still remain due; and that the Term granted by the said Act is nearly expired, and the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls re-Vo l. 40.

paid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be% further continued, and the Powers of the said Act altered, amended, enlarged* and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and to alter, amend, enlarge, and render more effectual, the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Hilly Mr. Bochin,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from ^et prodace the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called of Taxes, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 178310 Michaelmas 1784; together with the Totals.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account bp printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties on Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Duties on Imports, all Goods imported, for the Year ending Michaelmas last.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- American solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and New-consider of the Trade between the Ports of the United ^un<*land States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Tra e* Island of Newfoundland.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That be was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trad© between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but jBrfrwA-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to tha Form thereunto annexed.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but Rri/wA-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European

Dominions,

47 6 2° Febru 178#.

Dominions, and furnished with a" Licence according nagement may obtain, an Undue Influence over a Re-to the Form thereunto annexed: And that Mr. Gil- turning Officer, to exclude from Parliament, and to bert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Jenkin- subject to an Expence which might be ruinous to the son, and Mr. Rose, do prepare) and bring in, the most ample Fortune, under the Pretence of a Scrutiny, same. any Person, the Exertion of whose Abilities may be

peculiarly necessary to the Interests of his Country,' but Militia. Ordered, That there be laid before this House the whose Attachment to the true Principles of the Con* Amount of the Charge of the Militia of this Kingdom, stitution may have rendered him an Object of extraoffrom 1765 to 1775; distinguishing each Year, and the dinary Persecution: That there never was a Period irt

different Heads of Charge. > which the Presence and Assistance of its Members in x ’

Parliament was more essential to the Peace and Pros-

Sutherlaud’s A Petition of James Sutherland, Esquire, being of- perity of the City of Westminster: That, during the

Petition. fered to be presented to the House; last Session of Parliament, beside many important Re-

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be gulations of Trade and Revenue, various new and burl

brought up; , ' thensome Taxes,to the Amount of near a Million per

It passed in the Negative. Annum, were imposed on the Nation, a very consider-

able Part whereof hath been, and must continue to be* Westminster A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are paid by this City: That the Petitioners have always Election. thereunto subscribed, Electors of the City and Li- understood it to be a fundamental Principle in the berty of Westminster, oil Behalf of themselves, and Constitution of this Government, that the Money of many other Electors, of the said City and Liberty, was the Subject could not be taken without his Consent, a presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Position which would have more Sound than Sense of That, notwithstanding the Parliament is now assembled Meaning, if the Opportunity of giving their Voices in in its Second Session, after a long Recess, the City of the Grant of Money could be withholden from those Westminster^, equally to the Surprize and Concern of Places which are invested with the Privilege of sending, the Petitioners, is still without any Representatives in Members to Parliament; this dear and inestimable Parliament: That, at the Opening of the present Privilege, however it may have been disregarded in the Parliament, after the Electors of Westminster, accord- Imposition of the late Taxes upon the City of Westing to the Exigency of the King’s Writ for meeting minster, when they had no Opportunity of giving of His People in Parliament on the 18th Day of Mai) withholding their Consent, the Petitioners yet claim last, and conformably to Law and ancient Usage, had and insist upon as their indubitable Right, and the duly chosen Two Citizens to represent the same, the said heavy Grievance of which they complain will, indeed, Electors were, by an Act equally illegal and unprece- be very severely aggravated if suffered to remain dented, deprived of their just and valuable Right to a during any further Part of the present most important Share in the Legislation of their Country through their Session of Parliament, in which Objects of the deepest Representatives chosen into the Commons House of Par- Concernment to all His Majesty’s Subjects, and pe-liament, the High Bailiff of Westminster, though solemnly culiarly interesting to those in whom the Rights of called upon, having refused to make any Return of Ci- Representation are vested, have been announced to be tizens to serve in Parliament for the said City: That brought forward under a solemn Call for the strict At-the Petitioners, impressed with a high Sense of the Va- tendance of all the Representatives of the People: lue of that Branch of the Legislature which they have That the Necessity for regulating and amending the been taught to consider as the natural Guardian of the Police of the City of Westminster is universally felt.

Rights of the People, from whom it derives its Power, and loudly calls for immediate Attention; and to and to whom it is accountable for the Execution of the whom, in this, as in all other Parliamentary Business Trust, could not behold, without great Indignation, an in which the Citizens of Westminster are particularly Attempt so insulting to the Dignity of Parliament, interested, is it natural for them to look to for Counsel which has been thereby rendered maimed and incom- and Assistance, but to those whom they have chosen plete in its Construction, as well in direct Contradiction to represent them in Parliament ? That the Petition-to the King’s Writ of Summons for meeting His Peo- ers are advised, and have heard with great Satisfaction, pie in a full Parliament, as to the manifest Degrada- that efficacious Measures are likely to be proposed tion of the Character and Importance of that August early in the present Session of Parliament, under the Assembly; nor can the Petitioners, consistently with Auspices of One of the most confidential Servants of their Duty to themselves, with a just Regard to the the Crown, to meliorate the present defective State common Rights of their Fellow Subjects, and what of the Representation of the United Kingdom; but they owe to their Posterity, omit any proper Occasion the Petitioners humbly presume to suggest, that it will to express their honest Sentiments, and still, as Free- appear but little consistent with Professions of future men, though deprived of the sacred Distinction which Purity and Reform in the Representation of the Corn-makes Men free, prefer their just Complaints against mons, to suffer the actual and subsisting Representa-a Proceeding so unprecedented in the Annals of Par- tion to remain curtailed and imperfect, even according liament, so full of Danger in the Example, and which to its present Form, and to permit with Silence and is not more a grievous Injury to the Interests and Pri- Impunity a deep and dangerous Wound to be given

vileges of the Citizens of Westminster, than utterly to those first Principles of the Constitution, upon

subversive of the Rights of the whole constituent Body which alone a free and independent Parliament can be of this Country: That the salutary Wisdom and honest founded; and the Petitioners cannot but deem it an

Vigilance of the House of Commons, to check the unfortunate Casualty, that, at a Time when other

Progress of Corruption, and to guard against the In- Bodies of Men are entertaining the most sanguine Ex-fluence of the Ministers of the Crown, in the Elections pectations of the Extension and Security of their in-of Members to serve in Parliament, will have become herent and dearest Rights, the City of Westmnster altogether fruitless, if it may happen that, after Elec- should, without any Act of Delinquency even alledged, tors shall have withstood every unconstitutional At- be suffering the Penalties of actual Disfranchisement; tempt to dictate particular Persons to their Choice, and, the Petitioners are more forcibly led to this Con-and shall have exercised their Suffrages freely and in- sideration by reflecting, that the Representation of dependency, a new and extraordinary Device may be Westminster is not merely nominal and unsubstantial, resorted to, by Means of which it may be in the Power like that of Boroughs where there are few Electors, or of those who have, or who by secret and corrupt Ma- where, under the Appearance of an Election, an

Hereditary

East India Atiairs.

Supply.

25 Geo. III. 20 — 3° Febfuarii. 477

Hereditary Right to a Seat is preserved in a family, or assigned at Pleasure (an Evil which the Petitioners presume will be a maiq Object of Attention in the proposed Reform) but involves in it the dearest Interests and mdst important Concerns of many Thousand Citizens, Inhabitants of this- extensive, populous, and flourishing City: That the Scrutiny, which is still carrying on in the City of Westminster, hath lasted for a Period of nearly Eight Months, and, judging by the Progress already made, it appears extremely probable, that, should it proceed with the t same Pace, and the Petitioners do not understand that any Complaint hath been made of undue Delay, the present Parliament may be advanced- to its last Session by the Time the High Bailiff has decided on his Poll: That the Petitioners are well informed, that every Prediction of the Futility, Insignificance, Expence, and Injustice, which must attend the Proceedings of such a Court, hath been abundantly verified by the Event; but the Petitioners forbear any Detail of the Progress or Consequences of a Measure, the Origin and Principle of which they solemnly protest against, as contrary to the Spirit and Practice of the Constitution, to the plainest Provisions both of Common and Statute Law, and to the Rights and Privileges of the Electors of Great Britain; for the same Reason, the Petitioners forbear to meddle with the Motives, Reasons, or Imaginations, alledged by the High Bailiff of Westminster in Defence of his Conduct, or with the Claims and Pretensions of the respective Candidates: But the Petitioners do humbly pray, That the House 1 immediately take such Measures as shall restore the City of Westminster to its undoubted Right of having its Representatives in Parliament, there being no farther or other Relief suited to the Nature of the Injury complained of in the Premises, or which can be satisfactory to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do*lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of May 1782, of reading certain Resolutions which had been reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Reports from the Select Committees, relating to the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa; together with the Resolution of the House thereupon, respecting Sir Elijah Impey, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fart William in Bengal, and the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty, for recalling the said Sir Elijah Impey, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House -will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Vol. 40.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

r

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 3° die Februarii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

A PETITION, as well of the Trustees acting Callington under and by virtue of , an Act of Parliament, Road*, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Cornwall, as of the Creditors on the Tolls of the said Roads, as also of the principal Inhabitants residing near the same, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Powers given by the said Act, the Sum of £. 1,600 hath been borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, which hath been laid out in making, repairing, and improving the said Roads, and the Tolls and Composition Money collected upon the same have also from Time to Time been applied to the Payment of the Interest due upon the Monies borrowed on the Credit thereof, and in the Repair and Improvement of the said Roads; and that the Term of the said Act is near expired, and the said Roads are now in bad Repair, and cannot be kept in good Repair, and the Creditors paid the said Sum of £. 1,600, unless the said Act is continued for a further Term of Years, and the Powers thereof enlarged and amended; and alledging, that the Road leading from Bushford, in the Parish of Stoke Climsland, to Beal's Mill, in the said Parish, and also, the Road leading from Penterscross, in the Parish of Pillaton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in the County of Cornwall, are very ruinous and dangerous, and in many Places so narrow that Carriages cannot pass without the greatest Difficulty, and the same cannot be? sufficiently widened, altered, and repaired, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in One or more Bill or Bills, for the Purpose of continuing the Term, and enlarging and amending the Powers, of the said Act of Parliament, and for extending the said Roads in manner above mentioned, and for giving the Petitioners such further and other Securty apd Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Call, Sir William Lemon,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that some of the Com- Prohibited missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Saint Helen's, and Private Trade Warehouse in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784; what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1784: And also,

Tinsley

Road.

478 3? FebrUarii. 17 85.

N° 2. Act tff Inhibited East India Goods ExeCuttory &n Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Rotherham

imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port df Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, Roads.

London, from Michaelmas 1783 ^0 Michaelmas 1784; for amending and widening' the District? of Road from fllsb tfhtti exported during that Time, add what the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the remained in the said Warfehohsfc at' Michaeirtas 1784: County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near And also, the Towrt of Plefasky, in the County of Derby, which

N° j. An Account of proftMtedEast India Goods leads from the Town of Mansfield, to the Town of remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of Chesterfield^ and of several of the Creditors upon the London, at Michaelmas 1783, what have been since Tolls by the said Act granted, wlmse Names are

brought in, what exported, as also what remained at therfeunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and

Michaelmas 1784: And also, read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods pro- great Progress in the Execution of the said Act, so hibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the re- far as relates to the said District of Road, and have spective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the 1783, what have been since brought in, what ex- Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot prtrted, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1784: be repaid, nor the good Purposes of the said Act, so And also, far as relates to the send District, be completed, unless

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods the Term thereby granted, and which is near ex-

Which have? been delivered out of the Warehouses at piring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof

Saint Helen's, Leadenhall[ BilUttr Lane, and the Custom altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That House in the Port of London, since Mkhaehnas 1783, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the hi order to be dyed, glared, arid refreshed, what have Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the same been since returned, and what remained Out at Michael relates to the said District of Road, in such Manner, fnas 1784: And also, and under such Regulations and Provisions, as to the

N* 6: Art Account of Naval Stores imported from House shall seem meet.

Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1783 Ordered\ That the said Petition be referred to the to Mkhaehnas 1784: And also, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called The shall appear to them, to the House:

Out Ports, froth Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784: And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Stanhope,

And also, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Records.

Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out,

and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Pickering and also, what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Proprietors of Inclosure: has imported in the Year 1784. Lands, Tenements, and Estates, within the Parish,

And then they withdrew. Honor, and Forest of Pickering, in' the North Riding

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. ' of the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon th6 the other Owners and Proprietors of Lauds, Tene-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. meats, and Estates, within the said Parish, was pre-The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

Papers of this Session. there are, within the said Parish, Honor, and Forest, I

several Open Common Arable Fields, Common Pas* I

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in tures, and Commons or Waste Grounds, belonging to 1

Execution an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the the Petitioners and others, which, in their present i

Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in but, if the same were divided and inclosed, or put the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the under proper Regulations for the Use and Manage-said County, and of several of the Creditors upon the ment thereof, great Benefit and Advantage would Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are there- accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons inte- I

tmto subscribed, was presented to the House, and rested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave

read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, ingreat Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and closing, or otherwise improving, the said Open Com-

have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon mon Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and Commons

the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which caunot or Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such i

be repaid, nor the good Purposes of the said Act com- Regulations, as the House shall think proper. i

pletea, unless the Term thereby granted, and which Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

is near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, Mr. Duncombe, the Lord Mulgrave, and Mr. Villiers,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for en- do prepare, and bring in, the same, larging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such

Manner, and under such Regulations and Provisions, as A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Vill of Rams- Ramsgate to the House shall seem meet. gate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, Paving, fcc.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by rea-mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it son of the new Harbour for Shipping, erected at the shall appear to them, to the House: said Vill, and constantly improving, and other Causes,

And it is referred to Mr Duncombe, Mr. Stanhope, the Resort to the said Vill, and the Number of In-&c. And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, habitants therein, are considerably increased, and ra-at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; pidly increasing; and that the Streets, Lanes, and and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Highways within the said Vill, by Means of the In-Records. crease of Traffic and Annoyances thereon, and for

want of lighting the same, are incommodious, and

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in frequently very difficult of Passage; and the Petitioners,

Watling Street to Bcckbury Roads.

'olden's

uiue.

35 Geo. III. 30 Fehruant.479

as well as Persons coming with, Provisions and other Commodities for Sale in the said Vill, are subject to* great Inconvenience for Want of a proper and regular Market; and that the Traders in the said Vill are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money to Persons, who often refuse Payment, presuming on the Difficulties which their Creditors are inevitably liable to in pursuing the ordinary Modes of Recovery; and 'that it would much conduce to the Prosperity of the said Vill, and to the Benefit of all Persons resorting thereto, and to the promoting of Industry, and Support of useful Credit, if the said Streets, Lanes, and Highways, were properly paved, cleansed^ lighted, and preserved, and if a regular Market, and a more easy and expeditious Mode of recovering SmalL Debts there, could be established: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the said Purposes, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brett, Mr. Stephens, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed fur putting in Execution an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in " Repair, several Roads leading from The Buck's Head u at Watling Street, to Beckbury and The New Inn, and " from the Birches Brook to the Hand Post in thq u Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Placej and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed]; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Gilbert Broun being examined, saicj, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which Money, together with the Tolls, has been duly applied towards the Repair of the said Roads.

That the said Roads cannot be kept in Repair, nor the Money so borrowed be repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from The Buck's Head at Watling Street, to Beckbury and The New Inn> and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Post in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop, and for making the same more effectual: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable IT'illiam Lucas Holden to take and use the Surname of

Vol. 40,

Rose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time>

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re* ferred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolution* which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House; which he read m his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table; Where the same were read; and ars as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eighteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, including Three thousand Six hundred and Twenty Marines.

Resolved, That it* is the Opinion of this Committee^ That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Eighteen thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being* severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fqr the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Brett, and Mr. Steward, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Triday last, for taking into Consideration^ upon this I)ay Sevenuight, the Petition' of John Walter Hencage and Robert Nicholas,* Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pu^, That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Y eas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, :} 32>

Tellers for the Noes, {. } 42.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of what Steps have been taken in consequence of the Powers vested by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, in His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, for the Appointment of Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons, or other Offenders, should be conveyed or transported, and of all Contracts that have been entered into for the Transporting or Conveyance of such Offenders,

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Persons sentenced to Hard Labour, and now on Board the Hulks on the River Thames; dis-tiguishing the Times of their Sentences, and how much of the Time is expired of each of such Persons respectively.

Ordered,

Supply,

Ways and Means,

Marine Forces.

Crick lade. Election.

Address — Transportation of Felons.

Sentences of Convicts.

480 3°-^4 A. 1785.

Convictions Ordered\ That there be laid before this House, an sary to be built: And therefore praying. That Leave of Felonies. Account of Persons convicted of Felonies or Misde- may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a new meanors, and now under Sentence of Imprisonment in Gaol and several new Bridewells in the said County, and the Gaols and Houses of Correction in the City of for the better and more effectual regulating and managing Londons and the Counties of Middlesex* . Essex, Kent, the same, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions

Herts, Surrey, and Sussex, specifying their respective Crimes* the Time when, the Term for which, and by % what Court, each Person has been imprisoned; together

with an Account of the Allowance made for the Maintenance of such Persons, and in what Manner they are employed,;

Nottingham A Petition of the several Persona whose Names are Small Debts, thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of, or residing and trading in* the Town and County of the Town of vNottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Town is large and populous, and by reason of the many extensive Trades and Manufactories carried on therein (particularly Framework-Knitting) several Thousands of People are constantly employed, many of whom contract small Debts, and, although well able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragements and Difficulties their Creditors lie under, in suing for the Recovery thereof by the usual Course of Law, on Account of the Delays and great Expence they are unavoidably subject to in such Suits; and that the Petitioners conceive, that an easy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham would not only tend to remedy the Inconveniencies above mentioned, but to improve the Trade thereof, as well as promote Industry and Sobriety, arid support useful Credit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to sjjch Provisions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Coke of Nottingham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers 'Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Master, Mv. Blackzceli,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several* Persons whose Names are Melton thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execu- Mowbray tion an Act of Parliament passed in the Fourth Year Roads‘ of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far only as it relates to such of the said Roads as are thereby directed to be called The First District of the said Roads; and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act, so far only as it relates to such of the said Roads as are thereby directed to be called The Second District of the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution as to the First and Second Districts of the said Roads, and several large Sums of Money borrowed for that Purpose still remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said respective Districts of Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is extended, and several of the Powers thereby given varied and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying, - That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing, varying, and rendering more effectual, the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hungerford\ the Lord Fielding, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Veneris, 4° die Februarii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIIta Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

JPREDRICKHendrick Van Hagen took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Gloucester A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace Gaol, &c. assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wras presented to the House, and road; Setting forth, That the Gaol or Prison, and also the several Bridewells for the said County, are too small, and not only inconvenient, but very much out of Repair; and that other bridewells are absolutely necessary for the safe Custody and Preservation of Persons who are committed thereto, and, for the Public Safety, a new Gaol is absolutely neces.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Faversham Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Wts> Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Faversham, the Hundreds of Faversham and Bought on, and the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whitstable, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Edward Ashill In-Lord Petre, Lord of the Manor of Uphall Collards and closure* Games in Ashill, in the County of Norfolk, and the humble Petition of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, and entitled to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, within the said Parish of Ashill, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, and Half Year Lands, computed to contain about 1,800 Acres, and also certain Commons and Waste Grounds, containing about 1,000 Acres; and that there are certain Rights of Common,

Sheepwalk,

25 Geo. III. 4° 481

Sheepwalk, and Shackage, and other Commonable Rights, in and over the said Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and the said Common Fields and Half Year Lands, lying intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, are in their present Situation incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Lord Petre, and the several other Persons interested in the Premises, are desirous that the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, and other Commonable Rights, should be extinguished, and that the said Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, should be divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Estates and Rights, which would not only be of manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested in the Premises, but of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir Edward Asilcy and Sir John Wodehouse do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Watling Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according

Street to 7 to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Beckbury an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present

Kiuds. Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from

The Buck's Head at Watling Street to Beckbury and The New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Iland-Post in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop, and for making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Answer to The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That Address. their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Tinsley Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, to

Road. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put-

ting in Execution an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County, and of several of the Creditors upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Ball being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said

► Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money

upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted — That the present Debt amounts to £.4,200, which cannot be paid oft', or the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, which i^> near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers thereof, in some Instances, altered and enlarged,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made

f in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the

j Vo u 40.

Third, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening " the Road from Tinsley, in the County of Yorki to <c the Town of Doncaster, in the said CountyAnd that Mr. Galley Knight and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, to Rotherham whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- Road* ting in Execution an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and widening the District of Road from the South End of the Toyrn of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near the Town of Pleasley, in the County of Derby, which leads from the Town of Mansfield to the Town of Chestafield, and of several of the Creditors upon the Tolls by the said Act granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Ball being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, so far as relates to the said District of Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of Yoj'Ic, to the present Turnpike Road near the Town of Pleasley, in the County of Derby, which leads from the Town of Mansfield to the Town of Chesterfield, in the said Act mentioned, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied to the Purposes of the said Act — That the Sum of £. 5,694 now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the said District of Road be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act, so far as the same relates to the above-mentioned District of Road, be further continued, and the Powers thereof in some Respects, so far as relate to the said District of Road, altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from the South End of the Town of " Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present " Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of " Derby, and also the Road from the North End of " the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the said County of York," so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley aforesaid: And that Mr.

Galley Knight, Mr. Duncombe, and Lord George Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjoura-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. ment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways an* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

6 G Mr.

4^2

Februarii.

.1785.

Supply.

Trcgony

Election.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being delivered in at the Table; the same were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order, viz.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Legge, commonly called Lord Viscount Lewisham, and John Bettesworth, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner and the Right honourable Lloyd

Thomson, of CharUown, elected by them Commissioner or Delegate to vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament to represent that District of Burghs, was read; Setting forth, That Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief of Ardrie, and John Anstruther, Esquire, of Lincolns Inn, Counsellor at Law, were Candidates at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of Killrermy, Anstruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Piitcnxceem, and Craill, in Scotland\ which Election was held at Kilremy on Monday the 26th Day of April 1784; and that, at the previous Meeting of the Town Council of the Burgh of Anstruther Easier, held on the 16th Day of April 1784, the Petitioners voted for Colonel John Thomson, of Charletown, to be Commissioner to vote for the Burgh of Anstruther Easter; and that Colonel Thomson was accordingly duly elected Commissioner by the Petitioners, against the Votes of Five of the Constituent Members of Council who voted for Sir John Anstruther, of Anstruther, Baronet, to be Delegate, notwithstanding whereof, the said Sir John Anstruther was returned elected Delegate for the said Burgh by an apparent Majority of Ten to Six; that this Majority was composed of Persons introduced into Council, who had no Right to give their Voice upon that Occasion, and that against the reiterated Protests of the Petitioners; and that the said Sir John Anstruther, in virtue of a Commission thus illegally obtained, appeared at the Election of the Member of Parliament for the District held upon the Day above-mentioned, and voted for his Son John Anstruther, Esquire, to be Member; and Kenyon, now Sir Lloyd Kenyon, Baronet, and Robert that the Petitioner, Colonel John Thomson, the legal Kingsmill, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the Delegate for Anstruther Easter, attended, and voted, said Borough in Parliament; and that the said Sir under Protest in Terms of the Statutes, for the said Lloyd Kenyon and Robert Kingsmill were guilty of Bri- Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief, who had a Majo-bery and other corrupt Practices in procuring Persons rity of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned to vote for them at the said Election; and that the as the Member to serve in Parliament accordingly;

and that the said John Anstruther, Esquire, waft, notwithstanding, improperly and unduly returned, in Place of the said Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief, to the great Injury of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, in order to obtain Redress, presented to this House a Petition, at the beginning of the last Session of Parliament, upon which several Orders were made for taking the same into Consideration: And therefore praying the Mouse to take the Premises again into their Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 28th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Craill, and James Moticrief Esquire, of Jority on the Poll, and the said William Curgemen hath Sauchope, elected by them Commissioner or Delegate illegally and unwarrantably returned them as Members to vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament to

Poll was taken before Mr*. William Curgenvcn, Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, and a great Majority of Persons, legally entitled to vote at the said Election, voted or tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, but the said William Curgenvcn rejected many of their Votes, and admitted other Persons, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, to poll for the said Sir Lloyd Kaiyon, and Robert Kingsmill; and that several Officers in His Majesty’s Service, both in the Civil and Military Departments, took a very active Part in the said Election, and were guilty of various illegal Acts, in order either to disqualify, or prevent from voting, several Persons who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners; and, by these and other illegal, and grossly partial Proceedings, the said Sir Lloyd Kenyon and Robet't Kingsmill procured a Ma-

for the said Borough, without the Concurrence, and against the express and declared Sense of a considerable Majority of the legal Electors of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and give them such Relief, as the Circumstances of the Case may appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 26th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as

represent that District of Burghs, w'as also read; Setting forth, That Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief of Ardrie, and John Anstruther, Esquire, of Lincoln's Inn, Counsellor at Law, were Candidates at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of the Boroughs of Kilrenny, Anstruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Pittenxceem, and Craill, in Scotland, which Election was held at Kilrenny on Monday the 26th Day of April 1784; and that the Petitioners, in consequence of the Precept of the Sheriff of Fife, to them directed for that Purpose, duly and legally made Choice of James Moncrief of Sauchope, Esquire,

Anstruther

Easter

Election.

as

shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on their Delegate, or Commissioner, to attend at that the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. Meeting, meaning thereby to give their Interest at the said Election to the said Lieutenant Colonel Moncrief; A Petition of Andretv Gray, Baillie, William Gray, and that the Petitioner, James Moncrief, accordingly at-Junior, Alexander Tennant, James BaUantyne, William tended and voted for the said Lieutenant Colonel James Halson, and Alexander Jordan, Constituent Members Moncrief; that Commissions were there produced by of the Town Council of the Burgh of Anstruther Eastei%, the said John Anstruther, Esquire, as Delegate for the on the 16th Day of April 1784, and of Colonel John Burgh of Kilrenny, by Sir John Anstruther, of Anstruther,

7 JBaronet,

25 Geo. Ill, 40 Februa 485

Baronet, as Delegate of tlte Burgh of Anstruther^ Easter; by Alexander Gibson, Esquire, of Durie, as Delegate for the Burgh of Anstruther Wester; and by Philip Anstruther Paterson, of Eccles, Son to the said Sir John Anstruther, as Delegate for the Borough of Pit-terrwecm; and that the Persons named in these Commissions voted for the said John Anstruther, Esquire, in consequence whereof he has been returned as Member to serve in Parliament for that District of Burghs; but the Whole of the said Four Commissions were most illegally and improperly procured and made out, in consequence of certain political Frauds and undue Devices practised by the said John Anstruther, Esquire, the said Sir John Anstruther, and others, his Friends and near Relations, whereby they have endeavoured to monopolize the Government and Administration of the said Four Burghs, by keeping it in their own Hands, thereby reducing Four separate and independent Corporations in Effect to One only, to the Subversion of the Freedom of the District of the Petitioners in particular, and even of the whole Estate of Royal Burghs in Scotland; and that Sir Robert Anstruther, Baronet, was duly elected as Delegate for the Burgh, of Kilrenny, and Colonel John Thomson, of Char let oxen, duly chosen Delegate for the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, by the real constituent and independent Members of the Town Council of these Boroughs, and ought to have been returned accordingly; and that these Delegates voted under Protest in Terms of Law for the said Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief\ who ought to have been returned as Member accordingly, having the Majority of legal Voters; and that further, the Commission for the Burghs of Anstruther Wester and Pittenxveem were unduly and improperly 'made, by Persons having no Title or Right to vote, and were void and null, so that the said John Anstruther, Esquire, has been most unduly and improperly returned, in Place of the said Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, in order to obtain Redress, presented to this House a Petition, at the beginning of the last Session of Parliament, upon which several Orders were made for taking the same into Consideration: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises again into their Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet

A Petition of Thomas Smart, John Reid, David Lozv-son, Robert Anderson, David Watson, and John Anderson, all Constituent Members of the Town Council of the Borough of Kilrenny, on the 9th of Api'il 1784, and of Sir Robert Anstruther, of Balcaskie, Baronet, elected by them Commissioner or Delegate to vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament to represent that District of Boroughs, was likewise read; Setting forth. That Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief, of Ar-drie, and John Anstruther, Esquire, of Lincolns Inn, Counsellor at Law, were Candidates at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Kilrenny, Anstruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Pittemceem, and Craill, in Scotland, which Election was held at Kilrenny, being the Returning Borough of the District, on Monday the 26th April 1784; and that, at the Meeting of the Town Council of Kilrenny, held on the 9th Day of Ajnil 1784, the Petitioners, along with James Simpson, now deceased, then a Constituent Member of the said Town Council of Kilrenny, voted for Sir Robert Anstruther, of Balcaskie, Baronet, to be Commissioner for the Burgh of Kilrenny; and that Sir Robert Anstruther was accordingly duly elected Commissioner, by the Petitioners and the said James Simpson, now' deceased, against the Votes of Four of the Constituent Members of Council, who voted for the said John Anstruther, Esquire, to be Delegate; but Andrew Reid, Eldest Vol. 40.

Baillie, or First Magistrate of the Borough, by intro*

during into the Council Persons who were not Constituent Members of the Council, and no ways qualified to sit and act as Counsellors, called for their Votes in the Election* and having, by this Means, produced an apparent Equality of Votes, assumed to himself the Casting Vote, and declared the said John Anstruther,

Esquire, to be duly elected Delegate, and who was returned accordingly; and that the said John Anstruther, Esquire, in virtue of a Commission thus illegally obtained, appeared at the Election of the Member of Parliament for the District, held upon the.Day above-mentioned, and voted for himself to be Member; and that the Petitioner, Sir Robei't Anstruther, the legal Delegate for Kilrenny, attended, and voted, under Protest, in Terms of the Statutes, for the said Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as the Member to serve* in Parliament accordingly; and that the said John Ansti'uther, Esquire, was, notwithstanding, improperly and unduly returned, in Place of the said Lieutenant Colonel James Moncrief, to the great Injury of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, in order to obtain Redress, presented to this House a Petition, at the beginning of the last Session of Parliament, upon which several Orders were made for taking the same into Consideration: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises again into their Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or*

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions*

A Petition of John Henry Southcote, Esquire, was Clifton read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election for Dartmouth Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of £igrc^0QS Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon,

Arthur Holdsworth, Esquire, Richard Hopkins, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that Robert Newman, Esquire, who acted as Returning Officer of the said Borough, was decidedly in the Interest of the said Arthur Holdsworth and Richard Hopkins, Esquires, and acted very partially and unwarrantably, in rejecting the Votes of divers Persons, who had a Right to vote, and offered to vote, for the Petitioner, and also in illegally and suddenly closing the Poll before all the Persons who intended to vote for the Petitioner, and were in the Town Hall for that Purpose, could tender their Votes for him; and that, by these and other illegal Means, the said Arthur Ilolaszcorth and Richard Hopkins had a considerable Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and w ere returned as Burgesees to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; whereas the Petitioner would have had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, if the said Robert Newman had not illegally rejected the Votes of several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and prevented several others from tendering their Votes for him, by so illegally and suddenly closing the Poll: And therefore praying, .

That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.'

Ordered, That the said Petition betaken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 3d Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

Person to attend.

Taxes on

Printed

Linens.

4^4 4° FebruariL A. 1785.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, Francis Hargrave, and Arthur Murphy, Esquires, be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said High Bailiff do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Francis Hargrave, Esquire, do attend this House at the same Time.

Ordered, That the said Arthur Murphy, Esquire, do attend this House at the same Time.

A Petition, purporting to be the Remonstrance and Memorial of the Operative Weavers of the City of Glasgow, Borough of Ruth erg le?i, and of all those Operators who have entered into a Correspondence with the Glasgow Committee, humbly offered unto the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That we who hereunto subscribe our Names are the Operative Weavers of the Places above mentioned, and, having taken into our serious Consideration the very alarming Nature of the late Taxes on printed linens and British manufactured Muslins, beg Leave, with all Deference, to submit our Sentiments thereon to His Majesty’s Ministers, and to Parliament; therefore, as a Body of Operative Tradesmen and Free-born Sons of Britainf acting for the present Interest of the Nation, and for the Advantage of After-Ages, claim the Liberty, as free Subjects, to offer to your Honourable House in the First Place our Opinion of these unpopular, unwise, and ruinous Taxations; and Secondly, as our Ultimatum, to crave a Repeal thereof: It is therefore the Opinion of us all, without Reserve of Sentiment, as we do not mean to be prolix, nor to detain this Honourable House with a Chain of fine-spun Arguments, that these late Duties on the printed Linens and British manufactured Muslins are, in our Views of Matters, and in Reality we presume, the most unwise, imprudent, and, in short, ruinous Laws, that could possibly be devised by any Minister who wished his King and his Country well: And farther, Honourable Gentlemen, we, as a Body of Operative Tradesmen and Free Subjects, in giving our Opinion, do not mean to count our Loss by per Cent.; but we make bold to say, that if these Laws are allowed to continue, they will go far in extirpating these Branches, particularly the British Muslins (and Cotton Machinery, which on these Branches of Manufacture has its Dependance) from this Country: We presume, there is not a Member within the Walls of this Honourable House unacquainted with the infinite Toil and Industry with which these Branches of British Manufacture have been reared and cultivated, and yet are scarce arrived at the Half Stage of Perfection, cultivated we say at very great Expence and Labour, and even imminent Hazard of wasting Fortunes; and much of the Cotton Machinery in Scotland, and even in England, though in a fair Way of doing well, yet have not paid their Cost, nor even produced a Farthing of Profit: The Consequence of these Laws, therefore, if allowed to continue in Force, will be Emigration and Depopulation, and all the Train of Miseries which are the usual Attendants of such National Misfortunes: It is the greatest Curse that can come upon a Land, next to a Judgment from

Heaven, to have Industry curbed---- And farther, we

cannot help observing, that these Laws give an immediate Preference to the Muslins and Callicoes imported by the East India Company, at the immediate Risque and Hazard of the Non-consumption of our ow n British Manufacture: We mean to speak our honest Sentiments, which we presume we have naturally a Right to: The East India Company import their Articles of Callicoes and Muslins from a Country where Tyranny and Oppression reign, and where too the spontaneous Gifts of Almighty God early established the Growth of the Whole of the Materials of their Manufacture within their own Boundaries; on the contrary, we have every Difficulty to struggle with, and to import our Raw Materials for the Printing and Muslin Branches from Foreign Countries, on most of which high Duties are paid, for the Support and Dignity of the Crown, which we think right; why, therefore, in the Name of God, should we be engaged in a* threefold War of Competition and Rivalry with this Company of Foreign Merchants, who, at the Expence of the Blood and Treasure of the Nation, are held up and supported at all Hands ? And moreover, the present flourishing and patronized State of these Manufactures in Ireland, France, and Sxviizerland, and other Places on the Continent, render the present Laws alluded to an Expedient extremely dangerous, and by no Means ultimately beneficial to Government: All these Arguments were fully and clearly set before your Honourable House last Session of Parliament, by the Convention of the Royal Boroughs of Scut land, by the Chamber of Commerce of the City of Glasgow, and by the Manufacturers of this City of Glasgow and Neighbourhood: And we have only farther to set before your Honourable House, that we are deeply interested, each for 1 ourselves individually, with the Rise or Downfall of the Linen and Cotton Manufactures; and we have the Vanity to say, and secure when we say it, that these Branches of Manufacture have already proved a Source of Wealth to the Nation, and give Bread to many Thousands of His Majesty’s industrious and loyal Subjects, and produce all those Advantages which naturally arise from Population and well-directed Industry; and farther, the Memorialists take the Liberty to say, that if these Laws are not repealed, that the Result and Consequences will naturally be a more limited and contracted Sale, and Reduction of the Employment of the laborious Operative Weavers and their Dependents, who are many Thousands; the Consequences then before mentioned may be dreaded, viz. Emigration and Depopulation; or to remain at Home, a Scarcity of Bread, and Misery to stare us in the Face, which cannot fail to render desperate a great Part of this Nation: Honourable Gentlemen, the Desire of the Nation, and us Operative Weavers who. hereunto subscribe, is, that you would take into your serious Consideration the Propriety and Necessity of repealing these Taxes: We presume your Honours will immediately see it necessary; therefore the unanimous Voice of us all is, Repeal! Repeal! We have particularly in our Eye the lute Duties on printed Linens and British manufactured Muslins; but we would beg Leave to call your Attention not only to these, but to the Encouragement of all the Manufactures of this Country in general: Other Objects of Taxation, less dangerous, less obnoxious and destructive, may easily be substituted; why therefore curb Ingenuity and Industry? If you are designed, Honourable Gentlemen, under the Great Ruler of the Universe, to be happy Instruments of raising this drooping Nation to its wonted Splendour, you have an arduous Task allotted for you indeed; you have to undo the Mistakes of many Years, and to pilot this sinking Nation into that Channel of Rest, which

Nature,

k

tl

25 Geo. , III. 40 — 70 Februarii. 485

Nature, Experience, and the Circumstances of the Times, point out: And this (taken to be your Lot) lays open a large unbounded Field for the Display of true Roman-like Patriotism, and for the Suppression of all frivolous or selfish Considerations: You are, as Members of the British Senate, Heaven's Trustees for the Nation and all its Dependencies; and the Trust, which Heaven has reposed in you, ought therefore to be a Matter of the most serious Concern and Import: You are the Stewards of the Nation; therefore you are bound, by every Tie, effectually to redress Grievances, and to diffuse universal Justice, common, or at least should be so, to all Hanks and Classes of Mankind: The Confidence of the Nation will be

confirmed to the Legislature, by Manufactures being unshackled, unfettered, and encouraged by Bounties: By these Means also your Names will be transmitted to Posterity, as the Saviours of your Country, and Guardians of the British Liberties: We, the Operative Weavers of the Places aforesaid, will close their Observations by again expressing their serious Apprehensions that the woeful Consequences arising from these Taxes, if allowed to continue in Force, are such as deserve the most serious Attention of the Legislature, to whom they at present look up with that Anxiety and Solicitude incident to a Situation so peculiarly interesting: Hoping for' that Protection which will

enable them to continue useful Subjects of the State, and prevent them from adopting the painful Expedient of seeking Encouragement Abroad, which, by a Continuation of these Laws, they consider as being denied us in our Country: Our ardent Desire is, to be useful Members of the Community; and we presume, or rather flatter ourselves, that our Arguments and Cause, now' submitted to Parliament, will have their full Weight; and we hope that a Repeal of these Laws will be the Decision of the Honourable Parliament of Great Britain: The Memorialists have it not in their Power to appear personally; but we beg Leave to have it understood, that our united Voices surround the Parliament House at the Hour of Decision; and, in humble Expectation that our Wishes on this Business will be crowned with Success, we the Memorialists beg Leave most humbly and most respectfully to subscribe this Remonstrance and Memorial.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Queensferry, A Petition of Colonel James Francis Erskine, of For-

&c.Election. reSf9 was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last Election for a Representative to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Queensferry, Stirling, Innerkeitking, Dunfermline, and Culross, Major James Campbell and the Petitioner were the only Candidates; and that the said Major James Campbell was returned as duly elected, notwithstanding he was disqualified, and notwithstanding the Majority of the legal Voters of the said District of Boroughs voted for, and chose, the Petitioner to be their Representative, to serve in this present Parliament; and that the Election and Return of the said Major James Campbell was procured by Bribery and Corruption, and by other undue and unconstitutional Means and Influence; and that, the said Major James Campbell being ineligible, and his Ineligibility having been duly notified to the Electors, and his Election and Return being obtained by undue Means and Influence, the Petitioner conceives that his said Election and Return was and is void, and that he, the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes, was duly elected, and Ought to have been returned the Representative to serve in Parliament for the said District of Boroughs: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and that he may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-Vol. 40.

sideration upon Thursday the 5th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Tw o Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Dunce, V die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

/^HARLES Frederick JViple took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Galley Knight presented to the House, accord- Tinsley Road, ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and

Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley,

" in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said CountyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Galley Knight presented to the House, accord- Rotherham ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Road.

Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for amending and widening the Road from the " South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near

" Pleasley, in the County of Derby, and also the Road " from the North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the East " Side of Tankersley Park, in the said County of York so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Trustees appointed to put Ri.ldenden in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth R°a(1*

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through " the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the " Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Fa-'

" versham, at a certain Place called Boundgate," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which has been applied in amending the said Roads; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid oft) and the said Roads kept in good 6 II Repair,

486

Februariu

A. 1785.

Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Honyumd,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

HuuiingdoB Sir Walter Rawlinson presented to the House, ac-Paving. -cording to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting the High Street and other Places within the Town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved>That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Angl«ea,&c. A Petition of several Noblemen, ttnd the humble IrelwidWard* Pet*d°n of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Improvement of the Great Road leading through the Counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon towards Ireland is an Object of great Public Importance, as it tends to facilitate the Intercourse between both Kingdoms, and, for several Years past, great Sums of Money have been Annually expended in amending the said Road, and making Bridges, Dams, and other Works, for the Improvement thereof; and that the Passage of Porthaethwy Ferry, over an Arm of the Sea, between the Counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon, called The Streights of Menai, is frequently attended with very great Delay, Inconvenience, and Danger to Persons travelling with Mails and Expresses between England and Ireland, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pass the said Ferry: And representing to the House, that it appears, from the concurrent Opinions of several very eminent Engineers, that a safe and convenient Passage may be made across the said Arm of the Sea, by a Bridge or Embankment, with a Lock or Drawbridge, from the County of Anglesey to the opposite Shore, in the County of Carnarvon, at a Place, near the stud Ferry, called Ynysgeint and, in case the same shall be made, it will be necessary to make a new Road through certain Lands on each Side of the said Bridge, in order to open a Communication with the said Great Road; and that the making such safe and convenient Passage will be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to travel the said Road, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such safe and convenient Passage, and opening proper Communications with the said Great Road as aforesaid, by such Ways and 1 Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bayly, Mr. Wynn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wiple’s Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick IViple, was read a Second time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Relic, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition Of the Mayor and other Inhabitants of Reading the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, Paving.&c. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, ' and read; Setting forth, That the several Streets and Lanes, within the Town of Reading, are at present very ill paved, cleansed, and watched, and are exceedingly incommodious to Passengers, and that it will tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and w atched: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Annesley, Mr. Neville, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Fredrick Van Hagen, H«g«’»N«t

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Aldermau Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable William Lucas Holden to take and Holfaft use the Surname of Rose, was read a Second Time. N#m«.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Derby, &e. and other Inhabitants of the County of Derby, residing linear the Roads herein after described, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road from Derby to Chesterfield, at Pen-t ridge Lane End, in the Parish of Pentridge, through A If ret on to Tibshelf, in the said County of Derby, and from A If reton through Shirland, to join the said Turnpike Road from Derby to Chesterfield, at Stretton, in the County of Derby aforesaid, are ruinous and narrow in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, if the same were properly repaired and widened, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said County residing upon or near to the said Roads, and be of general Public Utility, by facilitating the Communication between the several Parts of the said County, and making the Carriage of Coals, Corn, and Manufactures in that Part of the said County of Derby, more easy and practicable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord

Derby, See. Road.

Nightingale'!

'Road.

Whitchurch

Roads.

Convictions of Felonies.

25 Geo. III.. 7 Februan487

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County of " Nottingham, and several other Roads therein mentioned And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton in the Moors, in the County of Lancaster, interested in the Repair of the Highway from a Place called Nightingale Si in the Township of Heath Chat'-mck, in the said County, to the Bridge at the West End of the said Tow n of Bolton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Highway is the great Carriage Road, not only from the South of Lancashire to Carlisle, but from London and the Southern Counties of the Kingdom to the Western Parts of Scotland; and that in the Year 17G3 an Act was passed, for repairing and widening the said Road, and considerable Sums of Money have been advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to-be levied by the said Act, and not less than £. 800, the Property of Roger Dewhurst, Esquire, Richard Rothwell, Clerk, Margaret Loe, Arm Carlisle, William Makant, and John Cooper, still remain unpaid; and that the said Act is now expired, and the said several Persons have not any Security for the Re-payment of the Money advanced by them; and Jhat the sudden Dissolution of the last Parliament, and the short Session which succeeded, prevented an Application for the Renewal of the said Act in the usual Course, as the Standing Orders of the House could not then be complied with; and, it appears to the Petitioners highly necessary that a Toll Bar should be again erected upon the said Highway, and Tolls collected, to enable the Inhabitants of the several Townships through which it runs to keep the Road in its present State of Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify the said Roger Davhurst, Richard Rothwdl, Margaret Loe, Ann Carlisle, William Makant, and John Cooper, and to revive the said Act, with such Alterations as the Necessities of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refeired to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred lo Mr. Blackbume, Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salopy to the Turnpike Road between Nantwichin the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Line, and from Hin-stock to Nantwich aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolvcdy That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Blackbume^ &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Thursday last, " That there be laid before this House, " an Account of Persons convicted of Felonies or " Misdemeanors, and now under Sentence of Imprisonment in the Gaols and Houses of Correction in Vol. 40.

" the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex,

" Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, ajid Sussex, specifying " their respective Crimes, the Time when, the Term

" for which, and by what Court, each Person has " been imprisoned; together with an Account of the €i Allowance made for the Maintenance of such Persons

" and in what Manner they are employed," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be sent to the Sheriffs of the said City and Counties, and that they do make a Return to the same to the Clerjk of this House, to be by him laid before this House.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from East Imlia the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Establish-the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented ments-to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A List of all Offices, Places, and Employments in the Civil and Military Establishments of the United East India Company in The East Indies, with the Salaries or Pay, and Emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

And then he withdrew*.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Means, ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His, Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1785, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made fojr Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from tbp 23d Day of June *785 to the 24th Day of June 1786.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr.

Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Lancaster thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough Election, of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the last General Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, John Lcrwther, Esquire, Francis Reynolds, Esquire, and Abram Rawlitisop, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, after the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the issuing the Writ for the Election, and previous to, and during the Poll, by themselves and their Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on their Behalf, and at the Charge of the said

Francis

488

Februarii.

A. 1785.

Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage to give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons, who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, and the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, did give, present, and allow, and did promise, agree, and engage to give, present, and allow, to the Electors of the said Borough, and to several Persons who had, or claimed to have, a Right to vote in the Election for the said Borough, Meat, Drink, Reward, Entertainment, and Provision, as aforesaid, in order to procure themselves to be elected for the said Borough; and that the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rawlinson, previous to, and during the Poll, were guilty of Bribery and Corruption, and of attempting to bribe and corrupt those who had a Right to vote in the said Election, in order to procure themselves to be returned as duly elected, and by the said, and other undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Means, the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Rctwlinson obtained a Majority on the Poll, and were returned accordingly, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and other Electors of the said Borough who voted for the said John Lowther, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Election; and that the Mayor and Low Bailiff, Two of the Returning Officers of the said Borough, behaved with great Partiality at the said Election, in Favour of the said Francis Reynolds, and Abram Raxvlinson, and admitted many Persons to vote for the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Raxvlinson, who had no Right to vote, and refused to admit to poll others who had a good Right to vote, or were in the same Situation with those whom they allowed to/vote for the said Francis Reynolds and Abram Raxvlinson, and who offered their Votes for the said John Lowther, and the said Mayor and Low Bailiff were otherwise guilty of the most gross Partiality; and that, on a Scrutiny being duly demanded when the Polling was over, on the 26th Day of April last, in Behalf of the said John Lowther, the Petitioners, and other Electors of the said Borough (which Scrutiny, as the Petitioners contend, would have clearly shewn that the said John Lowther had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned) the said Returning Officers peremptorily refused to grant the same, without giving any substantial Reasons for their so doing, notwithstanding that they had admitted several Votes on the Poll with Queries, in order to re-consider and determine on the Legality of such Votes at some subsequent Time before the Return should be made, notwithstanding the re w as sufficient Time to have gone through and finished the said Scrutiny before the Precept and Writ of Election were returnable; and that the said Francis Reynolds &nd Abram’Razclinsoji, and the said Mayor and Low Bailiff, were guilty of those, and divers other illegal and corrupt Practices, at and before the said Election, to the great Prejudice of the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 10th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the'Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11 tli Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said

Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Trade with House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, America.

N° i. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, comprizing and continuing all the Regulations theretofore made for carrying on Trade with the United States of America; and also, for extending to the Port of Hull the Privilege of landing American Tobacco, upon giving Bond for the whole Duties, dated 30th July 1784: And also,

N° 2. Copy of H is Majesty's Order in Council, for allowing the same Drawbacks on the Exportation of Foreign Hemp, or Foreign Iron, to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to the Countries now subject to the United States of America, as are now allowed on the Exportation of those Articles to all other Places in Europe, dated 27th August 17S4: And also,

N° 3. Copy of His Majesty’s Order in Council, for extending to the Port of Lancaster the Privilege of landing American Tobacco, upon giving Bond for the whole Duties, dated 24th November 1784* *

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of George Johnstone, was delivered in at Haddington, the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late &c.Election, Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the.

District of Boroughs of Haddington, Dunbar, North Benvick, Lauder, and Jedburgh, in that Part of Great,

Britain, called Scotland, Francis Charteris, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, by Means of divers notorious, illegal, and corrupt Practices committed by the said Francis Charteris, or his Agents, the said Francis Charteris w as chosen a Delegate, or Commissioner, from Jedburgh, and was afterwards returned by a Majority of the Commissioners, who met at Haddington on the 26th of April last, the Member to serve in Parliament, in manifest Injury to the Petitioner, who had the Votes of Two of the Commissioners legally chosen from the said District of Boroughs, and ought to have been returned, as the said Francis Charteris had, by the said notorious, illegal, and corrupt Practices, which were duly notified to the other Commissioners, rendered himself ineligible: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises under their Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 12th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The

J*

o». 25 Geo. III. f — 8° 480

or American The House was moved, That the Order made upon a* Wednesday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a

to lYade. " Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the " Trade between the Ports of the United States of " America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of " Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Livestock, to " be imported in none but J?ri/«7j-built Ships, actu-

cc ally belonging to British Subjects, and navigated ] " according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His

I Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with

" a Licence according to the Form thereunto annexed,"

might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Order be discharged;

It passed in the Negative.

Pitto, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the

House, according to Order, a Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but Bi'itish- -built Ships actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Cromarty A Petition of George Rcss, of Cromarty, Esquire,

Harbour,&c. iras presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Cromarty Bay, in the County of Cromarty, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, has at all Times been a most safe Road-stead to Ships of all Nations, overtaken with Storms in any Part of The German Ocean, and the Erection of a Pier and Harbour has been judged beneficial to Navigation in general, and to the Commerce of that Part of the United Kingdom in particular; and that the Petitioner, Proprietor of the Barony of Cromarty, and of the Port and Harbour, has made a Present to the Public of the Ground and Coast necessary to be occupied by the said Harbour and Pier, and His Majesty has been pleased to grant the Sum of £. 5,000 out of the Produce of the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards erecting the said Harbour and Pier; that the Main Pier is erected, and Two other Piers, or Jettees, are begun to be erected, to complete the said Harbour; and that the above Sum of £, 5,000 not being sufficient for erecting and completing the said Piers and Harbour, the Petitioner has undertaken to complete the same, at his own Expence, but the said Harbour and Piers cannot be maintained and preserved without such Tolls are levied as may be adequate to that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better preserving and maintaining the Harbour and Piers of Cromarty, in the County of Cromarty, in North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dempster, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Weans. V.O L. 40.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 8* die Februarii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

Prayers

MR. Robert Smith reported from the Committee, Nottingham to whom the Petition of the several Persons Small Debts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of, or residing and trading in, the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as jt appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk $ Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Hey wood, being examined, said, That by Reason of the many extensive Trades and Manufactories carried on in the Town of Nottingham (particularly Framework Knitting) several Thousands of People are constantly employed, many of whom contract small Debts, and, although well able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under in the Recovery thereof by the usual Course of Law; and that if a more speedy Method of reco* vering such Debts was established, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham: And that Mr. Robert Smith and Mr. Coke of Nottingham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Watling Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Ma- Street to jesty’s R*ign, for repairing several Roads leading from The Buck s Head at Watling Street to Beckbury and The Nezv Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand-Post in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop, and for making the same more effectual, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir William Jerningham, Baronet, Lizard Lord of the Manor of Shifnal, otherwise Idsal, in the Inclosur€* County of Salop, John Brooke, Clerk, Patron of the Parish Church of Shifnal, otherwise Idsal, and Impropriator and Owner of the Rectorial Tythes of the said Parish of Shifnal, otherwise Idsal, the Reverend John Rogers, Vicar of the said Parish Church of Shifnal, otherwise Idsal aforesaid, the Right honourable Grenville Levison Earl Gower, George Appleby, Esquire, and Robert Glover, Gentleman, Hannah Sambrooke, Widow,

Thomas Omons, Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being

6 I Freeholders

majl Debts.

Lancaster

Gaol.

Wiple’s Nat.

Grtystock

Inclosure.

490 8° Februarii. 1785,

.Freeholders of, and interested in, divers Lands and the Earl of Swrey and Sir Henry Fletcher do prepare, Tenements within the said Manor and Parish, was and bring in, the same, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there is, within the said Manor and Parish, a certain Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Horsham Common or Waste called Lizard Common, containing whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in lloadi* ;about 3,100 Acres; and that the Petitioners are entitled Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth to, or interested in, the said Common and Waste Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair-G round, which lies open and uninclosed, and produces ing and widening the Roads from Horsham, in the very little Benefit or Profit; and it would be greatly to County of Sussex, through the Parishes of Shipley; the Advantage of the Petitioners, and all Parties in- West (irinsted, Ashurst, Steyning, Bi'amber, and Heeding, terested in the said Common and Waste Ground, if the in the said County, was referred; That the Commit-same was inclosed, and divided amongst the several tee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders Persons entitled, in Proportion to their respective Interests of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under the Committee had examined the Matter of the said such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it shall seem meet. appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is Mr. Kynaston and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and as followeth; viz.

bring in, the same. To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

A Bill for the ipore easy and speedy Recovery of A Member present informed your Committee, That Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Faversham, the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and the se- Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 8,400, which veral Parishes.of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whit stable, in has been applied according to the Directions of the the County of Kent, was read a Second Time. Act — That the Term granted by the Act is near expiring,

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to Mr, Mar- and that the Roads cannot be kept in proper Repair, sham, Mr. Honyxvood, &c.: And they are to meet this nor the said Money which now remains due be repaid, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers unless the Term of the said Act be further continued. Chamber. " the Tolls varied and altered, and the Powers to the

Trustees enlarged.

A Petition of the several Prisoners confined for Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Debt in His Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, was for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Distress, and praying Relief. Roads from Horsham to the Top of Heeding Hill, and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the from Steyning to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the Table. County of Sussex: And that Mr. Marsham, Lord

George Henry Lennox, Mr. Thomas Pelham, and Mr. BastardReported from the Committee, to wThom Mr. Aldridge, do prepare, and bring in, the same, the Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick Wiple was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Biddendci^ Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to and that the Committee had directed him to report the put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table. intituled, "An Act for amending and widening

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. " the Road leading from Biddenden, in the Weald

" of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Cha A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are " ring, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and H Ashford to Faversham, at a certain Place called read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Town- " Bound Gate,v was referred; That the Committee ships, Villages, or Hamlets of Grey stock, Berrier, Mur- had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of rah, Hatton, Roof, and Low-End, in the Barony and the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn- Parish of Greystock, in the County of Cumberland, seve- pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the ral Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe~ and Open and Common Fields; and that the Earl of tition; and had directed him to report the same, as it Surrey is Lord of the said Barony, and, as such, enti- appeared to them to the House; and he read the tied to the Ground and Soil of the said Common and Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields^ and at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and that he, William Hasell, Esquire, Miles Swinbuirt, and is as followeth; viz.

others, are Owners of Houses and Lands within the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said said Townships, Villages, or Hamlets, and, as such. Act was read: And

entitled to a Right upon the said Common and Waste Mr. William Smart being examined, said, That a Grounds, and Open and Common Fields; and that considerable Progress hath been made in amending an Advantage would accrue to the several Persons in- the said Roads, in doing which the Tolls have been terested in the said Common and Waste Grounds, and duly applied, and a large Sum of Money borrowed Open and Common Fields, if the same were divided on the Credit thereof hath been expended, and still into specific Allotments, and inclosed: And therefore remains charged thereon — That the said Roads cannot praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill be continued to be kept in Repair, and the said Debt for dividing and inclosing the said Common and be paid off, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act Waste Grounds, and Open and Common Fields, un- be continued.

der such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill seem meet. for continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His pre-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, sent Majesty, for amending and widening the Road pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent,

' 9 through

25 Geo. III. February. 49 r

through the Towns of Smardenand Charing,to join Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light

the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Fe- Dragoons and live Battalions of Fdot for Service in versfiam, at a Place called Bound Gate: And that Mr. East India, for the Year 1785: And Also,

Marsham and Mr. Hom/wood do prepare, and bring in, Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to the the same. Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to

the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the suant to their Address to His Majesty, Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their De-

- Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and puries and Clerks, including the coritingent Expences other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guefn- Of their respective Offices; of the Ainount of Exche-sey, and Jersey, from 25th December 17 84 to 24th Decern- quer Fees paid by the Paymaster General; and on her 17®5» bdth inclusive, being 365 Days: And also, Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces , for the Year 1785, being 365 Days: And also, in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gib- Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of raltar,from 25th "December 1784 to 24th December Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hos-1785, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also, pital, for the Year 1785: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Five Battalions of His Estimate of the Charge of Full Pky to Reduced or Majesty’s Hanover tap Infantry in the Pay of Great Bri- Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for

tain, from 25th June 1784 to the respective Times of the Year 1785: And also,

their Return: And also, Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of

Estimate of the Charge of General and General the British and Irish Establishment of Six Battalions Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 365 Days, for the of Foot serving at Gibraltar, in North , and

Year 1785: And also, The West Indies, from 25th December 1784 to 24th

Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea December 1785, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Hospital, for the Year 1785. And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, The said Estimates are as followeth; viz. by His Majesty's Command,

Vol. 40.

( estimate

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785,

both inclusive, being 365 Days.

CORPS.

Horse;

Dragoons:

Light Dragoons:

Foot Guards;

{First Troop of Horse Guards Second D° -

First Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards

Second D# ....

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards -

CFirst Regiment of Dragoon Guards I Second D° - -

Third D* -I Earl of Pembroke’s Dragoons Lieutenant General Johnstone's Lord Southampton s -General Carpenters -Lieutenant General Johnstone's

'Sir Henry Clintons -Lieutenant General Pitt's -

Sir George Augustus Eliott's m Major General Harcourt's -

{First Regiment of Foot Guards Coldstream Regiment of D° -Third Regiment of D° -

Lieutenant General Prescott's General Armstrong*s -Major General Pictoris -

Major General O'Hards -

Numbers. Pay of Commission, N on-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Annual Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Hiding Masters.

181 1 ts 1 Oa d. 1 1 «0 1 d. 1 1 09 ,

181 - " -

177

176 -

319 -

336 1,034 15,291 15 3 1,632 16 lOf 334 18 3 558

225 - 10,486 15 2f 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

225 - 10,486 15 2 i 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

225 - 10,486 15 2f 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

225 - 10,486 15 2f 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

226 - 10,523 5 at 1,094 18 — 226 5 — 372

225 - 10,486 15 2* 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

225 - 10,486 15 2* 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

225 - 10,486 15 2£ 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

225 - 10,486 15 2* 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

225 - 10,486 15 2f 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

225 - , - 10,486 15 2* 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

225 - 10,486 15 2| 1,088 11 3 225 17 5 372

1,649 3,037 m m m m ~

1,058 -

1,058 -

415 3,765 7,331 14 10 1,134 1 7 150 1 8 446

415 7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446

415 - 7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446

415 1 7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446

- TOT/

r I- S. d.

17,605 3 4

17,605 3 4

10,870 18 4

10,743 3 4'

26,054 18 4

17,817 10 41

12,173 3 10*

12,173 3 lOf

12,173 3 10f

12,173 3 10|

12,216 8 3

12,173 3 10|

12,173 3 10{

12,173 3 10{

12,173 3 lot

12,173 3 lot

12,173 3 io|

12,173 3 lot

46,153 2 —

29,931 17 10

29,986 12 10

9»°6i 18 1

8,958 3 7

8,958 3 7

8,958 3 7

d.

00

o

82,879 6 8

1

163,939 1 5

106,071 12 8 p

OO

Or

t-1

p

Sir William Hotve’s - -Lieutenant General Massey’s Sir Charles Grey s Lieutenant General Fletcher’s Sir Robert Pigott’s Sir Robert Boyd!s Sir Robert. Hamilton s -General Cary’s -Lieutenant General Grant’s -Lieutenant General Walsh’s Lieutenant General Baugh’s Major General Leslie’s Lieutenant General Pomeroys General Lamb ton’s Earl of Suffolk’s -

Major General M'Nab’s Regiment Thirty-six Independent Companies

Garrisons with Fire and Candle

Account -Contingencies, upon Account

e>

Total

- - 4»5 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 I 7 149 3 5 44 6 — ’ 8,958 3 7

- 415 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 414 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 4i5 ~ - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 4i5 - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 I49 3. 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 415. - 7,228 18 7 1,134 t 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- -- 4*5 - 7,223 18 7 i, T34 1 7 149 3- 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 4>5 - 7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 415 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 r 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 4i5 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7, 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 4«5 - 7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 415 - 7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8.958 3 n /

- - 415 7,228 18 7 n'34 1 7 149 3 3 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 4>5 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- - 415 - 7,228. iS- 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 — — 8,958 3 7

- 7,885 170,309' 2 T

410 - 7,588' 5 4 588 11 3 196 15 5 720 — — 9> >93 12 —

- - 1>620 - 27,077- 8 9 25299 10 757 7 — 2,880 — — 33,o>4 5 9

2,030 425207 17 9

" - 302 — - - 782 4 3 - - 29,773 '9 1 30,556 3 4

upon^ - - - - - - - - 40,000 —

20,000 —

- - - - ‘8,053 3‘3»387 1 1 2 39,919 14 2i 6,835 - 5i >7,-096 — — - - 655,963 4 r» O

o

w

o

oo

o

*>1

2’

a.

War Office,

8th February 1785.

Geo. Yonge.

D

CQ

n'

Cl

cr

w

cn

H

HH

W

VO

M

I!

F3

%SO

4

ESTTMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrisoa at Gibraltar, From 25th December 1784*0 2’4t& December t7$5„

both inclusive, being 365 Days.

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commission, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing of Non-Commitsioucd Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons. , TOTAL.

s. d. £ s. d. £ s. </. £ s. d. £ & d. £ Si d.

Lieut. General Style's Regiment 415 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 8,958 3 7

Lieut. General Cunynghames - 415 - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 8,958 3 7

Lieut. General Morrisons - 415 - - 7,228 18 m / 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 8,9.78 3 7

General) Grwmes - 415 - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 8,958 3 7

Lieut. General Tiyons - 415 - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 8i958 3 7

General Parslow's ---- 415 - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 8,958 3 7

Liciit General Clarke's - 415 - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 8,958 3 7

Earl Cornwallis's ---- 4i5 - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 44(5 8,958 3 7

Lord Frederick Cavendish's - 4x5 - - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 8,958 3 7

Sir i/o/jw IJallings - - - - J u 415 - 7,228 18 7 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 44(5 8,958 3 7

Lord J0///2 Murrays 1st Battalion - 415 - - 7,228 18 t 1,134 1 7 149 3 5 446 8,958 3 7

Lieut. General Elphimtoncs 4>5 - - 7,228 18 tm / i,'34 1 7 149 3 5 44(5 _ — 8,958 3 7

Lieut. General Frederick's - - - - 41.5 - - 7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3 5 446 8,9.78 3 /

Major General J/?//;/ Campbell's - -' - 415 - - 7,228 18 7 i,i34 1 7 149 3- 5 446 8,958 3 7

Rbyal American Regiment, 2 Battalions - 831; - - 14,607 14 O 2,268 3 1 300 9 5 S(J2 18,158 6 8

6,641 143,572 16 io

Garrisons of Quebec, Montreal, Nova Scotia, Halifax,

New Brunswick, Cape Breton, St. Johns and Pla-

centia in Newfoundland, and St.John’s Island . - — m m «- m 6,194 6 2

Officers of Garrisons in Jamaica, Barbadoes, Grenada,

St. Vincent, and Dominica ..... . - m r- 2,368 7 9-

L , 1 i* *

OO

c

IW

<1

00

CM

Officers serving with the Forces in Canada and Nova Scotia - -

o Officers of Hospitals serving in North America, and *" the West Indies

GIBRALTAR:

4,062 11

3,969 7

Id

3 tn

6

3-

o

Lieut. General Jones's Regiment, Foot

Major General Smith’s -

Sir John Sebright’s -

Lord George Lennox's

Earl of Ross’s - - - .

Sir David Lindsay's -

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c* -Contingencies, upon Account - -

Total

415

415

415

4*5

4*5

4*5

2,490

7.228 18

7.228 18

7.228 18 7,{228 18

7.228 18

7.228 18

9,131 159.276 5 10

1.134

t.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

1.134

24,949 Hie

149

149

149

149

149

149

3

3

3

3

3

3

3,283 17 9

446

446

446

446

446

446

9,812-----

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

8.958

3

3

3

3

3

3

- £

53,749 6

3,604 13 4

4,500-----

222,021 4 4

War Office,

8th February 1785,

Geo. Yonge,

o

CQ

n'

CD

CL

cr

w

C/a

►H

-W

VO

w 9 3

8° Febrtiarii.

dv 1785*

496

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Five Battalions of His Majestys Hanoverian Infantry, iii the Bay of Great Britain* from 25th June 1784, to the respective Times of their Return.

Number^. Charge.

Three Battalioris lately employed at Gibraltar* from 25th June 1784 to 1 Gill October following, both inclusive, being 114 Days i<423 8,7^0 13 9

Two Battalions lately employed in Great Britain, from 25th to 27th June 1784, both inclusive* being 3 Days ---- 153 12 9

Total 2,3*3 £.8,904 6 6

War Office, 8th February 1785. Geo. Yonge.

,t... jas==^=ag----.. 3.....--.. — 1--------- -1 . j* u____ - - ^==s -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 365 Days,

for the Year 1785.

For 365 Days.

General and General Staff Officers - - - m- — M m 8 — ~ r-- 6,236 10 6

War Office, 8th February 1785.

Geo. Y

estimate

497

25 Geo. III. 8° Febtuarii.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1785. Army

Estimates,

- Per Diem. For 365 Days.

20,273 Out Pensioners, at ,r)d. per Diem each, from 25th December £. s. £ s.

1784 to'24th December 1785 ---- 4 227 1 154A59 5 5

401 Letter Men, at wh. per Diem each 20 1 — 7,3i8 5 —

31 Serjeants, at yd. per Diem each 3 3 424 6 3

20,7^5 443 11 4 161,901 16 s

To the Agent of Out Pensioners, per Annum - 1,000 /

Tor the Rent of a House, for Examination of Out Pensioners 200

1,200

Total - 163,10! 16 8’

Towards defraying which may be applied the following

Sums; viz.

Out of the Poundage deducted by Act of Parliament from the Out

Pensioners - -- - - -- - 1,200

The Amount of Poundage and Hospital included in the Sums already

voted for 1785, for the Two Troops of Horse Guards, Two Troops of

Grenadier Guards, the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, and the

Three Regiments of Foot Guards ----- 9,828 5 —

11,028 5 —

Remains to be provided for - - £. 152,073 11 8

N. B. There will remain on Account of Pensions unclaimed, to the 24th June 1785, the Sum of £. 3,824. 3. 6,

War Office,

8th February 1785.

Geo. Yvngc.

Vol. 40. 6f, ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1785

M

er.

S'*

Ui

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men. Agency. Allowance to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and for Riding Masters. total.

T itrlif fSir John Burgoyne's Regiment, from 25th £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. L *. d. £. s. d. f\ (1

December 1784 to 24th December 1785, , u.

® *[ both inclusive, being 365 Days - 407 . 10,342 8 8^ 2,251 10 li* 227 12 4i 427 16 — - 13,249 8 —

Major General St. John s Regiment, D° 1,222 - 16,845 18 11 3,3i8 7 4 282 — 3 843 5 — 21,289 11 6

General Trapaud's Regiment, D° 1,220 - 16,809 8 11 3,303 9 2* 281 n i| 843 5 — 21,237 14 3

Lord M'Icod's, 1st Battalion, D* 1,297 - 17,802 11 2f 3,504 2 3 292 3 — 861 10 — 22,460 6 51

Foot. - < Major General Murrays, Regiment, D° 1,296 - 17,425 11 71 3,504 2 3 288 16 1 861 10 — 22,079 19 n*

Lord John Murray's, 2d Battalion, from

25th December 178410 25th June 1785, .

both inclusive, being 183 Days 827 - 5,792 9 1 i 1,119 8 4 108 6 3 356 17 6 7,377 1 2*

5,862 94,444 13 4

Total - 6,269 85,018 8 6 17,001 — 3* 1,480 9 — 4A94 3 6 - 107,694 1 4f

VO

00

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in the Year 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, &c"." the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent, or to be sent, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only; and as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present, for this Purpose, the Sum of Six thousand Nine hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence; which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate.

W

w

H

— 1

H

00

Cn

War Office,

8th February 1785*

Geo. V

as Geo. III.

8° Februarii.

4 99

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s . Land Army

Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate Est,mates; General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including r ' the Contingent Expences of their respective Offices; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1785, being 365 Day$.

Paymaster General, Deputies, Clerks, &ca - - - .

Fees at the Exchequer .....-....

To make good Deficiency on Fees, 1784 -

Secretary at War, Deputy, Clerks, - - &c* -

Commissary General of the Musters - - D° -

Judge Advocate General - - - D° -

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, D° -

Total for Offices

Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, on Account for 1785

Total - £.

War Office, »

8th February 1785. Geo. Yonge,

A s. d. 18,165 12 6 19,640 13 7

6,878 11 3

9<977 3 5

3,192 11 11 2,290 5 9

4,470-----

64,614 18 5 9,606 16 —

74,221 14 5

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1785.

I- d.

1,266 / 9i

9" 7 5

2,837 9 —

493 10 —

600 — —

300 — —

2,0.1; 1 8 1 1

2,586 7 7*

The Charge of the Pay per Annum for 476 Military Officers and Private

Soldiers - -

Clothing for D* - -

Salaries of Governor, and other Officers according to the Establishment Board Wages, and Table, for D°

Salaries of Deputy Treasurer, by His Majesty’s Warrant of Secretary and Register, by D®

Surgeon and Apothecary, for their Expenditure Ordinary Repairs -

Extraordinary Repairs -

Tradesmen -

Provisions, and other Necessaries Contingencies, and other Extraordinaries

Total -

Towards defraying the above Charge, there may be applied, out of the Poundage deducted by Act of Parliament from the Out-Pensioners - -

Remains to be provided for

War Office,

8th February 1785.

£. s. d.

2,177 15 2L

3,330 19

900 — 2,100 —

4,637 16 6{ 3,545-----

8,387 2 44-3,045 10 9

28,124 3 10 -I-6,512 13 54-

21,611 10 4’

Geo. Yonge.

Vo l. 4Q.

ESTIMATE

500

8° Februarii

J. 1785.

Army

Estimates.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Tull Pay to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s

Forces, for the Year 1785.

Officers En Second of 41 Battalions.

d £ $, d. £

78 jCaptains - - - each 171 7 1 13,365 12 6

74 Lieutenants' - - 79 i<) 4 5,917 10 8

74 Ensigns - (j'2 1(> *7 4,649 8 S£

226 Total of Pay - . 23.933 11 10i

Agency on the above - 212 8 2}

1 24,145 _

d.

1

Supernumerary Officers.

Dragoons. 1 Captain....

Foot 1 Major and Captain -

(1 Major and Captain -4 Captains - - - - . eac|1

2 Lieutenants - - _ -

Total of Pay Agency -

War Office,

8th February 1785.

265 11 11-j-

- in ->7 — 7v

»7i 7 1 685 8 4

79 19 4 79 19 4

- 1,62.5 — 2 }

- 14 8 3} ,

1,639 8 8-j-

Total I I 25,784 8 9.-.

Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATfi

Coventry

Canal.

25s Geo. . III. 8* Februarii: i;

Army Estimates. * , j

ESTIMATE of the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of Six Battalions of Foot serving at Gibraltar, in North America, and the West Indies, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785, both inclusive, being 365 Days,

Numbers. Charge. Difference.

Lord Adam Gordon's tlegiment of Foot, 2d Battalion, Pay of Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Meri, £. d. 1 d-

including Officers En Second -Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of D* Battalion - -- -- -Agency on D° Battalion ----- Allowances to Captains, to the Surgeon, and Paymaster of D* Total - Paid by Ireland for D° Battalion a - - - - Difference t 1 1 11 1 g. 1 1 11 11 1 11 1 7,617 6 71 1,134 1 7 152 12 4{ 446 — < — 9,35° — 7 8,292 14 1 1,057 6 6

Sir William Boothby's Regiment of Foot, Pay of Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, including , Officers En Second ----- Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men -Agency on D° Regiment ---- Allowances as above ----- Total - Paid by Ireland for D° Regiment - - - - Difference 415 7,857 4 6* i,i34 1 7 154 14 nf 446 9>592 1 1 8,532 7 3 1,059 13 10

Sir Robert M. Keith's Regiment D° -Lieutenant General Rain ford's D° - 415 - 1,059 13 10

415 - 1,059 13 10

Sir John fVrottcsley's D° - - 415 - 1,059 *3 10

Sir Thomas JVi Ison's D°- 415 " 1,059 13 10

Total of Difference of Charge - 2,49° - ‘ £ 6,355 15 8

War Office,

8th February 1785.

Gee. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation at Longford, near the City of Coventry, to the City of Oxford' being Ninety-two Miles and upwards, and were enabled to raise among themselves the Sum of £. 150,000, in Manner therein mentioned, for the Purpose of making and compleating the said Cut or Canal, but, that they have not been able to raise, by the Ways and Means in the said Act mentioned, more than £. 141,000, which has been expended in the Execution of the Works; and that the said Sum of £141,000 Vot. 40.

not being sufficient to compleat the said Cut or Canal, the Petitioners obtained an Act, in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, whereby they were authorized to borrow, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Cut or Canal, the Sum of £. 70,000, at legal or less Interest; and that the Petitioners have borrowed the said Sum of £. 70,000, at Four and an Half per Cent. and have compleated so much of the said intended Canal as extends from the Coventry Canal at Longford, to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, which is about Sixty-three Miles, and have therein expended £.210,300, and upwards; and that the Petitioners are desirous of compleating the said Canal to the City of Oxford\ but find it will be necessary to have farther Powers granted them to borrow Money for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Petitioners to raise any Sum or Sums of Money by Loan, not exceeding £, 60,000, at legal or less Interest, on the Credit of 6 M the

Marine

forces.

Hindon

Flection.

§02 ' 8° FebruariL 1785.

the Tolls of the said Navigation, and for carrying on, on the Face of the Poll in Favour of the said William completing, securing, and preserving the same, from Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, and they were declared Banbury aforesaid to the City of Oxford aforesaid, and duly elected, in direct and manifest Violation of the for making such Amendments as maybe thought meet Freedom of Election, and to the Prejudice and mani-in the said Acts of the Ninth and Fifteenth Years of fest Injury of the Petitioners, and other Voters in the Bis present Majesty, and that such farther Relief may said Borough, their Franchises being materially affect-be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem ed and lessened thereby: And therefore praying the meet House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- meet ' %

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall Ordered\ That the said Petition be taken into Con*

appear to them, to the House: sideration upon Thursday the 19th Day of May next, at

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the

Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Stevens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine A Petition of Sir John Henderson, Baronet, was read; Fife Election Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and Setting forth, That, at the last Election for the County read the First‘Time. of Fife, Lieutenant General Robert Skeiie, and the Pe-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. titioner, were the only Candidates; and that General

Skene vwas returned as having a Majority of Electors in

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections his Favour, but the Petitioner is advised, that the and Returns, being delivered in at the Table, the Votes given for General Skene are to be Considered as same were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order; thrown away, inasmuch as the Office of Inspector of viz. Military Roads in Scotland, though no longer in Ge-

A Petition of the several Persons whose Hands and neral Skene's own Name, as formerly, yet is still held Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses by his Brother Captain David Skene, in Trust for, or to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in for the Benefit of General Skene, which Office was, on the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and a former Occasion, adjudged to be a new Office other Voters in the said Borough, was read; Setting created since the 25th Day of October 1705, and, as forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve such, by the Act of the 6th of Queen Anne, rendering in Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon, in the any Person, for whose Benefit it is held, ineligible to County of Wills, which came on the 2d Day of April serve in Parliament; and that, at the Meeting for the last past, Edward Cotsfoi'd, Esquire, was a Candidate, Election, the Petitioner, before the Vote was put for *and a Poll was demanded to be taken in his Favour, the Choice of Member of Parliament, did publicly he being present at the said Election; and, at the apprize the Freeholders, that General Skene was ineligible said Election, William Egerton, Esquire, and Edward for the Reasons stated above, and did also enter a Protest Bearcroft, Esquire, were also Candidates, and a Poll in the Minutes of Election, that the Votes given for was also demanded to be taken in their Favour, they General Skene should be held to be of no Avail, and being also present at the said Election; and that, at that the Petitioner should be held to be duly elected, the said Election, the Petitioners voted for the said^ and should be returned accordingly: And therefore Edward Cot ford, and other Voters of the said Borough praying the House to take the Premises into Considers-voted for the said William Egerton and Edward Bear- tion, and grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House croft; and that the said William Egerton and Edward shall seem meet.

Bearcrojt, by themselves, or Agents, previous to, and Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Conducing the said Election, were guilty of gross Bribery, sideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day of May next, at in corrupting the Voters; that a general System of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Bribery and Corruption prevailed in the said Borough, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or and the Voters were influenced to vote for the said Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, by large Sums be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the of Money given to them previous to the said Election, Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, and by beneficial Promises made to them by the said

William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft, or their Agents; A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Seaford and that several illegal Threats were made use of pre- thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port

vious to the said Election, by the said William Egerton of Sea ford., in the County of Sussex, was read; Setting and Edward Bearcroft, or their Agents, to influence forth, That, at the late Election of Members to serve Persons to vote for them the said William Egerton and in Parliament for the said Town and Port, the Ho-Edxcard Bearcroft, some of which Threats have been nourable Lewis Thomas Watson, the Honourable Henry performed and carried into Execution, and several Neville, Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, and Thomas Alves,

Bargains were made with many of the Voters, previous Esquire, were Candidates; and that Rabci't Slone, to the said Election, Uy the said William Egerton and Esquire, who was Bailiff and Returning Gflioer at the Edward Bearcroft, or their Agents, to vote as they said Ejection on the 30th Day of March last, proceeded directed; and that the Returning Officer was guilty to the Election of Two Barons to serve in this present of the most illegal Partiality, previous to and during Parliament for the said Town and Bout, without giv--the said Election, by going round and canvassing the ing Four Days Notice , of the Day appointed for such Borough with the said William Egerton and Edward Election, as by the Statute made in the Seventh and Bearcroft, or their Agents, previous to the said Elec- Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King tion, and by admitting Persons to vote for the said William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the fur- William Egerton and Edward Bearcroft who had no legal " ther regulating Elections of Members to serve in Right to vote, and rejecting other Persons who had, 4i Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Bro-respectively, a legal Right to vote, and who tendered " ceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing themselves at the roll to vote for the said Edward Cots- " and returning such Members," he is required; and ford; and that, by these and various other corrupt that at such Election the said Henry Neville and Sir and illegal Means, a Majority of Votes was obtained Peter Parke)' were returned duly elected to serve in v 7 . Parliament

5 Geo. III.

Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, and, the Petitioners are advised, and conceive, that, by Reason the said Returning Officer proceeded to such Election without giving Four Days Notice of the Day appointed for such Election, the same, and the Return made thereon, are null and void: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 8th Day of*March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tuesday the u 8th Day of March? in order to insert the Words " Thursday the 26th Day of May? instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 8th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and Hth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Or- ders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Supply Bill; Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Malt Duties, Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ipswich A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Election, thereunto subscribed. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for I the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk,

which was had on the 25th Day of June last, Robert Thornton and Charles Alexander Crickitt, Esquires, were Candidates; and that, after the Teste and issuing of the Writ for the said Election, the said Charles Alexander Crickitt, by himself, and his Agents and Managers, made very large Promises of Presents and Rewards to many of the Electors of the said Borough, if they the said Electors would vote for the said Charles Alexander Crickitt at such Election; and that, after the Teste I and issuing of the said Writ, and previous to the said

' Election, the said Charles Alexander Crickitt, by him-

self, or by his Agents and Managers, on his Behalf, and at his Charge, did give and allow to divers Persons, having Votes in such Election, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and did make Promises to give or allow Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision to divers Persons, having Votes in such Election, in order to be elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the said Charles Alexander Crickitt did, by himself, or his Agents and Managers, by many and flagrant Acts of Bribery and Corruption, bribe, and corruptly procure, a great Vol. 40.

503

Number of the Electors of the said Borough to vote for him the said Charles Alexander Crickitt at the said Election, and, by Means of those, and other corrupt, undue, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, the said Charles Alexander Crickitt did influence, obtain, and procure a great Number of Voters to poll at the said Election for the said Charles Alexander Crickitt, and thereby obtained a Majority of corrupt Votes over the said Robert Thornton, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 26th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and nth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Newfound-Reading of the Bill for confining, for a Time to be ^nd Trade limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United me* States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-buHt Ships actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was reed a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Mouse will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read, for the Westminster Attendance of the High Bailiff of the City of West- Election. minster, Francis Hargrave, and Arthur Murphy,

Esquires;

The said High Bailiff was called in to the Bar; and being directed, by Mr. Speaker, to give an Account to the House of what he had done in pursuance of the Resolution of the House, communicated to him at the Bar on the 8th of June last, the said High Bailiff accordingly gave such Account to the House, and was further examined in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That the High Bailiff be again caHed in, and be asked,

Whether he desires the Evidence which he has given, and which has been taken down at the Table, should be read to him.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said Francis Hargrave and Arthur Murphy,

Esquires, were severally called in to the Bar, and examined.

And then they were severally directed to withdraw.

And

8° Februa.

504"

8° — 90 Febtuatii. A, 1785:

And the House having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning;

Ordered, That the further Proceeding on the Attendance of the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster be adjourned till this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9° die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIPU Regis, 1785.

PltAYEKS.

Callington A yf R. Call reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. ivl the Petition as well of the Trustees acting under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Cornwall, as of the Creditors on the Tolls of the said Roads, as also of the principal Inhabitants residing near the same, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the Application for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, but that no Notices were given of the Application for repairing the Road from a Place called Bushford, in the Parish of Stoke Climslandto a Place called Beat's Mill, in the said Parish, and also the Road leading from a Place called Penterscross, in the Parish of Pil-laton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Datisey being examined, said, That the . Trustees have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, which have been laid out in making, repairing, and improving the said Roads — That the Sum of One thousand Six hundred Pounds now remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged and amended.

And the Witness further said, That the Road leading from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Parish of Stoke Climsland, is about Two Miles in Length; and the Road leading from Penterscross, in the Parish of Pil-laton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, is about Three Quarters of a Mile in Length — That the said Two Pieces of Road are in a very ruinous Condition, and when repaired will be a Continuation of the old Road, in order to meet the Turnpike Road from Launceston to Callington, and from Callington to Saltash.

And he added, That all the principal Inhabitants, and many others, in the Parishes through which the said Pieces of Road lead, have either signed the Petition, or otherwise consented to the Application for repairing the said Roads. Then

Mr. William Gill informed your Committee, That the above-descnbed Pieces of Road are very much out of Repair, and in some Parts impassable for Two

Carriages, and that it would be Of great public Utility to have the same amended and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

General Murray reported from the Committee, to . Perth Road*, whom the Petition of his Grace John Duke ofjltholl Thomas Graham, of Balgowan, David Smyth, of Meth-ven, John Murray, of Murrays Haiti, and William

Mercer, of DcUglis, Esquires* was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe*< tition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Co* lonel William Fullarton being examined, said, That the Highways and Roads in the County of Perth are in general much out of Repair, owing to the Insuf-. ficiency of the Laws of Scotland, under which they* and the Bridges within the said County, are amended and kept in Repair — That the Law is also defective withf respect to Ferries within the said County — That for the proper and regular Amendment and Support of the said Roads and Bridges, and the due Regulation of the Femes within the said County, it is necessary that the Laws in being for those Purposes be amended and rendered more effectual; and that if Power were given to convert the Statute Labour into a Money Payment, it would be highly beneficial to the said County, and be the Means of more easily and completely repairing the Roads and Bridges within the same.

Mr. William Lyon being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, "in - .

the County of Perth: And that General Murray and the Marquis of Graham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Biddenden Order, a Bill for continuing an Act of the Sixth Year Roads, of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the 1 owns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Fever sham, at a Place called Bound Gate: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are DerbyRoad*. thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees under an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in,

" Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge,

" in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at " or near Langley Mill, in the said County," was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from Derby to " Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and several " other Roads therein mentioned and Setting forth,

That the Road, for which the Petitioners are Trustees, has sustained considerable Injury, and the Trade of the Neighbourhood hath been grievously burthened by the Erection of a Toll Gate on the said Mansfield Turnpike Road, within Thirty-one Yards of the Termination of the Road under the Care of the Petitioners,

at

a5 Geo. III. 90 Februarii. 505

at which Gale all Carriages and Cattle passing from the last mentioned Road to the Wharf on the Erexvash Canal, at Langley Mill, are compelled to pay Toll, notwithstanding the y go no greater Length, on the said Mansfield Road than Sixty-five Yards; and that the Petitioners conceive it to be incumbent on them, in Justice to the Persons who have lent Money on the Credit of the said Cromford Bridge Turnpike Act, and whose Securities are greatly prejudiced by Means of the said Toll Gate on the Mansfield Turnpike Road, to oppose the passing of any Bill to continue the Term and Powers of the said Mansfield Turnpike Act, unless Provision be made therein, that no Toll shall be demanded for the Passage of Carriages and Cattle

O O

between the Termination of the Road under the Care of the Petitioners and the said Wharf at Langley Mill: And therefore praying, That a Clause for that Purpose may be inserted in such Bill, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the same, and that it may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Maston A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Montgomery thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and s' others, Owners of Estates having Right of Common upon the Common and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Maston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Parish, a certain Common, and several Pieces of waste Ground, whereon the Petitioners and others have Right of Common for their Cattle at all Times of the Year, but the said Commons and Waste Grounds being liable to great Incroachments, and, in other Respects, inconveniently circumstanced, the same are of little Value to the Persons interested therein; and that the said Common and Waste Grounds are capable of great Improvement, and, if the same were inclosed and leased out for Terms of Years, and the Profits arising thereby applied in Aid of the Poors Rates, and other Public Expences of the said Parish, it would be of great Advantage to the Owners of Estates therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and leasing out the said Common and Waste Grounds, and applying the Rents and Profits to arise from the same in Aid of the Poors Rates 1 and other Public Expences of the said Parish, in such

c Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to

the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mwidy, and Lord; George Augustus Hemy Cavendish, do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Timberland A Petition of Sir Christopher IVhichcote, Baronet, ‘4 Drainage. Pemberton Milnes, Esquire, John Hammond, Gentleman, and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain P Low Lands within the Parish of Timberland, in the

i" County of Lincoln, and of the Reverend John Lan-

caster. Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of rtf' Timberland aforesaid, was presented to the House,

1 and read; Setting forth, That there are within the

Township of Timberland, and within the Township etf or Hamlet of Thorpe Tinley, otherwise Timberland

Thorpe, in the said Parish of Timberland, divers Pieces $ or Parcels of inclosed Low Lands, containing together

nkv about 2,200 Acres, called Timberland and Timberland

]0‘ Thorpe Fenns; and that the said Low Lands are fre-

# questly overflowed, or otherwise annoyed with Water,

\$ and if the same were drained the Whole might be

& considerably improved, to the great Advantage of all

' Parties interested therein, and to the Benefit of the

Vol% 40.

Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving the said Low Lands, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dudley Long, Mr. Gilbert,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Nightingale's whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, Road* and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton in the Moors, in tjje County of Lamas-te)'} interested in the Repair of the Highway from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, in the said County, to the Bridge at the West End of the said Town of Bolton, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clrrk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingale s, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Towm of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read: And

Mr. John Cooper being examined, said, That by virtue of the Powers of the said Act, which expired with the last Session of Parliament, a great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing of which a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls was expended —

That the Money so borrowed still remains due, but the Persons w’ho lent the same have not now any Security for the Re-payment thereof, the said Act being expired; that the sudden Dissolution of Parliament, and the short Session that succeeded, prevented an Application for the Renewal of the said Act in the usual Course, as the Standing Orders of the House could not then be complied with — That the said Highway now is, and long hath been, the great Carriage Road from the South of Lancashire to Carlisle, and from London and the Southern Counties of the Kingdom to the Western Parts of Scotland — That the Laws in being are not sufficient for the due repairing of the said Road, for which Reason, and for the Indemnification of the Creditors, it is expedient and necessary that the said-Act should be revived, and the Term and Powers thereof continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingale s, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton i?i the Mcors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, being delivered in at the Table, the same were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order; viz.

6 N A- Petition

5o(J .9 0 February.A. 1785.

Lancaster A Petition <of John I/nether, Esquire, was read; At the ampe Time that foePetitionsofrtlic several Persons

Election. Setting forth, That at ithe late (Election of /Burgesses whose Names Are ifoereuoto subscribed, Electors of the

to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lancaster, Town and Poet of Seaford, in foe County of Sussex,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Abram Hamlin- is ordered: to be taken into-Consideration.

ton, iEsquire, Francis Reynolds, Esquine, and the Peti- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or tioner, were Candidates; and that divers unlawful and Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, end Records, as unwarrantable Practices were made use of by and on shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the the Part of the said Abram Rawhnsan and Francis Rey- Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. voids, as well before as during the Poll; and that, in

the Course of the Poll, John Bernes, the Mayor, and A Petition of George Esquire, was read; Bristol

Doctor Campbell, the Low Bailiffe of the said Borough, Setting forth, That at the last Election of Members Election. Two of foe Returning Officers at the said Election, to serve in Parliament Tor the City and County >af the acted with great Partiality, and improperly rejected City of Bristol, the Petitioner, and Matthew Brickdale, Numbers of legal Voters who tendered their Voices Henry Cruger, and Samuel Peach, Esquires, were Cun-for foe Petitioner, and admitted many Persons to vote dictates; and that the said j Cruger was At the for foe said Abram Rmolinson and Fronds Reynolds, Time of the said Election incapable of being elected to who were not legally qualified so to do; and that the serve in Parliament for the said City and County, be-said Returning Offiqprs admitted several on foe Poll cause the said Henry Cruger /(who is a Native of one with Queries, in order to reconsider and determine on of foe United States of America, and was at the Time foe Legality of such Votes at some subsequent Time of the said Election resident within the Territories of before the Return should he made, which foe said one of the said States) did, previous-to the said Election,

Mayor and Bailiffe refused to do, notwithstanding a and after the Congress of the said States had declared Scrutiny was demanded on Behalf of the Petitioner, the said States to 'be fiee and independant, and ab-which foe said Mayor and Bailiffe also refused to grant, solved from all ABegiance to the British Crown, and and returned foe said Abram RmUnson nod Francis also after the Independence of the said States had been Reynolds as Burgesses for the said Borough, to the in a lawful Manner acknowledged by His Majesty, great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who ought to have take an Oath or Oaths of Allegiance to the said United been returned for the said Borough: And therefore States, or to one of them, and did thereby or other-praying, That he may be heard by Counsel against the wise actually or virtually renounce his Allegiance to said Election and Return, and may he relieved in such His Majesty and to this Country, and the Government Manner as to the House shall seem meet. thereof, and became an Alien, and not entitl&l to the

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- Privileges of the natural-born Subjects of this Country; sideration upon Tuesday foe 10 th Day of May next, at and that the said Henry Cruger was also incapable

the same Time that foe Petition of the several Per- at the Time of the said Election of being elected a

.sous whose Names are foereunto subscribed, being Member to serve in Parliament for the said City and Freemen of foe Borough of Lancaster, ki the County County, because he was not at the Time of the said Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Election seised of or entitled to such an Estate in Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as is by Law is ordered to :be taken into Consideration. required to qualify a Person in Parliament as a Knight

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or of foe Shire, or as Citizen for any County or City

Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as in and that the Agents <xf the said Henry

shall be thought necessary by foe several Parties, on the Cruger were guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and Hiring of the Matter of the said Petition. illegal Practices, before and during the said Election,

and, by Bribery, Threats, Violence, and undue In-Seaford A Petition of the Honourable Lewis Thomas Wat- ftuence, a great Number of Persons were induced to Election. son, was read; Setting forth, That at foe late Election vote for the said Henry Cruger, at foe said Election, of Members to serve in Parliament for foe Town and many of whom would otherwise have voted for the Port of Seaford,in the County of Sussex, foe Peti- Petitioner; and that, at foe said Election, a great tioner, the Honourable Henry Necille, Sir Peter Majority of legal Votes were given for the Petitioner, Parker, Baronet, and Thomas Abo.es, Esquire, were oyer those which were given for the said Henry Cruger Candidates; and that Robert Stone, Esquire, who was and Samuel Peach, and the Petitioner was duly elected,

Bailiff and returning Officer at the said Election, on and ought to have been returned as one of the Mem-foe 30th Day of March last proceeded to foe Elec- hers to serve in Parliament for the said City and tion of Two Barons to serve in fob present Parlia- County, but foe Sheriffs and Returning Officers of ment for the said Town and Port, without giving Four the said City and County admitted a great many Per-Days Notice of the Day appointed for such Election, sons to vote for foe said / Henry Cruger, at foe said as by foe Statute made in the Seventh and Eighth Election, who had no Right, and ought not to have Years of foe Reign of his late Majesty King William been admitted to vote at the said Election, and retire Third, intituled, (f An Act for foe further regu- jected the Votes of divers Persons who tendered their lating Elections of Members to serve in ParBa- Votes for the Petitioner, and had a Right to vole at " ment, and for foe preventing irregular Proceedings foe said Election, and by such Means, and other Acts " of Sheriffs and other Officers in foe electing and of Partiality, created a colourable Majority on the f> returning such Members," be b required; and that Poll in Favour of foe stud Henry Cruger, over the at such Election foe said Henry Neville and Sir Peter Petitioner, and have unduly returned foe said Henry Parker were returned duly elected to serve in Parlia- as one of the Members to serve in Parliament

wentfor foe said Town and Port of Seaford; and, the for the said City and County, to the great Injury of Petitioner b advised, and conceives, that by Reason the Petitioner, and of the legal Electors for the said foe B*id Returning Officer proceeded to such Election City and County: And therefore praying, That the wifoout ©ring Fqut Days Notice of the Day ap- House will take the Premises into Consideration, and pointed for »ufo Election, foe same, and the Return declare, that the Election and Return of the said made thereon, are null and void: And therefore pray- Henry Cruger were, and are, void, and that the Petting, That the House will take the Prembes into their tioner was and b duly elected, and ought to have been Consideration, and grant such Relief thermo as to them returned as one of the Members to serve in Parliament fogll seem too#- for the said City and County, and will grant to the

Ordered, That so* swd Petition be taken into Con- Petitioner such further Relief in the Premises as to the sideration upon Tuesday the 8th Day of March next, House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

ristol

lection.

25 Geo. III. 90

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 31st Day of May «exf, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are -thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, was also read; Setting forth; That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, Matthew Brickdale, George Daubeny, Henry Cruger, and Samuel Peachy Esquires, were Candidates; and that, at the Time of the said Election, the said Henry Cruger was incapable of being elected to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, because the said Henry Cruger, previous to the said Election, and after the Congress of the United States of America had declared the said States to be free and independant, and absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and also, after His Majesty had, in a lawful Manner acknowledged the said States to be free, sovereign, and independant States, did take an Oath or Oaths, or subscribe a Declaration or Declarations, of Allegiance to the said United States, or one of them, and did thereby, and otherwise, actually or virtually renounce his Allegiance to His Majesty, and to this Country, and became an Alien, and not entitled to the Privileges of the natural-born Subjects of this Country; and that the said Henry Civger was also, at the Time of the said Election, incapable of being chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, because !l>e was not, at the Time of the said Election, seised of, or entitled to, an Estate, Freehold or Copyhold, for his own Life, or for any greater Estate, either in Law or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above what would have satisfied and cleared all I nonra townees that might afflfect the same, lying or seeing within that Part of Great Britain called England\ the Demfmion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the Annual Value of £.300 above Reprizes; and that the Agents of the said Henry Cruger were, before and during the said Election, guilty of Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, and, by Bribery, Threats, violent and undue Influence, a great Number of Persons were induced to vote for the said Henry Cruger, at the said Election, many of whom would otherwise have voted for the said George Daubeny; and that, at the said Election, a great Majority of Votes, over those which were given for the said Henry Cruger and Samuel Peach, were given by the Petitioners, and others duly qualified to vote, m Favour of the said George Daubeny, who was duly chosen at the said Election, and ought to have been returned as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, but the Sheriffs and Returning Officers of the said City and County admitted a great Number of Persons to vote for the said Henry Cruger\ at the said Election, who had no Right, and ought not to have been admitted to vote at the said Election, and rejected the Votes of divers Persons who tendered their Votes for the said George Daubeny, and bad a Right to vote at the said Election, and by such Means, and other Acts of Partiality, created a colourable Majority on the Poll, in Favour of the said Henry Cruger; over the said George Daubeny, and have unduly returned the said Henry Cruger as one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and County, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and of the said George Daubeny: And therefore praying that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, Vol. 40.

or Warrants,* for such Persons, Papers,-and Records, shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on (the Hearing of the Matters nf the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Persons 'whose Names are there- Honiton unto subscribed, Electors of Members to eerveinPar- Election* liament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was read; Setting forth, That, at the last General Election of Burgesses »to serve in Parliament for the said Borough oi-Honiton, Sir George Yonge,

Baronet, Sir George Collier, and John Baily, Esquire, were Candidates,; and that the ?said Sir George Yonge» and Sir George Collier, by themselves and Agents, were ,guilty of gross (Bribery and Corruption, by giving and promising the Voters of the said Borough Money and other Rewards for their Votes, and thereby corrupted and Influenced the said Voters; that the said Sir George Collier, previous to the Election, deposited Money in the Hands of his Agents, for the Purpose of procuring Votes, and which was applied for that Purpose, by which Means he -corrupted and influenced the Voters; and that the 'said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier., and their Agents, after the Teste of the Writ, and before the Close of the Poll, treated the Voters with Meat and Drink, and thereby influenced their Voices; and by the undue Influence the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier had over the Returning Officer, many unqualified "

Persons were brought to vote, and whose Votes were actually received, notwithstanding Remonstrances to the contrary; and that, by such and other Means of undue Influence, the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier procured themselves to be returned Members for the said Borough, although the said Mr. Baily had a Majority of legal Votes, in direct Opposition to the Rights of Election, and the Injury of the Petitioners Rights and Franchises: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief;' therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 2d Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persona, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the sevawl Partes, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of George Augustus Selzcyn, Esquire) was Dumfries, read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of a Election. Commissioner or Burgess to serve in the present Parliament for the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan,

Lochmaben, and Kiticoudbright, held at Sanquhar upon the 26th Day of April last, Mr. John M'Murdo, as Delegate for the Burgh of Dumfries, gave his Vote for Sir James Johnstotie, Baronet) to be Commissioner or Burgess, and Mr. Robert Maxwell, as Delegate fipr the Burgh of Loahmaben, gave his Vote in the same Way for Sir James Johnstone; Mr. Anderson, as Delegate for the Burgh of Annan, voted for Sir Robert Henries, Knight, to be the Commissioner or Burgess;

Mr. Robert Beveridge, as Delegate for the Burgh of Kirkcudbright, voted for Alexander Fergusson, Esquire, to be the Commissioner or Burgess; and Mr. Robert Whiggam, Delegate for the Burgh of Sanquhar, gave his Vote for the Petitioner to be the Commissioner or Burgess; and that the Burgh of Sanquhar being the Presiding or Returning Borough, the said Robert IVkiggam,

Delegate therefor, did likewise claim the casting Vote, if in any Event it should be found that there was an Equality of legal Votes, and accordingly gave his casting Vote for the Petitioner; and that the Election of the said John M'Alurdo, to be Delegate for the Burgh of Duinjries, was brought about by undue and illegal Means, and corrupt Practices; ana the Election of the said Robert Maxwell\ to be Delegate for

Newfound* land Trade with America.

9° Februarii. A. 178 5.

the Burgh of Lodhmaben, Was also brought about by undue Means, and corrupt and illegal Practices, and therefore the Votes given by the said John M' Mur do and Robert Maxicell, for the said Sir James Johnstone, in the'Election of the Commissioner or Burgess to serve in Parliament, were illegal and void; and that the said Sir James Johnstone was ineligible, in respect that he and his Agents used undue Means in the Election of the Delegates, and of the Commissioner or Burgess, and by such Means, and other corrupt and illegal Practices on his Part, the said Elections were obtained, and he, as having the Majority in the Votes of the Delegates, has been returned as the Commissioner or Burgess duly elected to represent the said District of Burghs, whereas the Votes given for him ought to have been disregarded, son the Reasons herein above stated, and the Petitioner, as having the legal Majority in Consequence of the Vote of the Delegate of Sanquhar, and the casting Vote being given for him, vvas duly elected, and ought, as he conceives, and is advised, to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, to allow him to be heard, by his Counsel, and to grant him such Relief as the Case requires, and to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 7th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several* Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

' The House was moved, That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Nexvfoundlandy to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to he imported in none but British-built; Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty's European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That William Grant, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That James Cuthbert, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That George Allsoppy Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Todd do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Brickwood do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Davidson do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Monsieur Adhemar do attend the said Committee, at the same Time,

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Bush to attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Rcsolvedy That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Proceeding on Westminstef the Attendance of the High Bailiff of the City of Election. Westminster.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it appearing to this House, that Thomas Corbett, Esquire, High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, having received a Precept from the Sheriff of Middlesex, for electing Two Citizen's to serve in Parliament for the said City, and having taken and finally closed the Poll on the 17th Day of May last, being the Day next before the Day of the Return of the said Writ, he be now directed forthwith to make Return of his Precept of Members chosen in pursuance thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the first Word " That" to the End of the Question, and inserting the Words " the Speaker do acquaint the High Bailiff*, First, —

€C That he is not precluded, by the Resolution of this " House communicated to him on the Sth of June " last, from making a Return, whenever lie shall be " satisfied in his own Judgment, that he can do so;

" and, Secondly, — That this House is not satisfied " that the Scrutiny has been proceeded in as expeditiously as it might have been: That it is his " Duty to adopt and enforce such just and reasonable " Regulations as shall appear to him most likely to " prevent unnecessary Delay in future — that he is not " precluded from so doing by the "Want of Consent of " either Party — and, that he may be assured of the " Support of this House in the Discharge of his Duty," instead thereof.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said. Amendment;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned for Five Minutes.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are j jverpooi thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the Borough of faction,' Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Liverpool the Right honourable Lord Penrhyn, Sir William Meredith, Baronet, Bamber Gascoyne, the Younger, Esquire, and Banastre Tarleton% Esquire, were Candidates; and that, after the Teste of the Writ, and during the Election, the several Candidates, by themselves, or their Friends, and on their Behalf, and at their Charge, gave divers Sums of Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, to the Freemen having Votes for the said Borough, in order to procure their Votes at such Election, and by these, and other undue, corrupt, and illegal Practices, the Freedom of Election for the said Borough was grossly violated: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration,

and

Westminster

Election*

IS Geo. III.

Februarii.

and to grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 9th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 1 oth and 1 ith Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate of this Day.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Trite for } .»

Tellers.br,hoNoes} '7*

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being proposed, ^hat the Words the Speaker do acquaint the High Bailiff, First, — " That he is not precluded, by the Resolution of this " House communicated to him on the 8th of June last, cc from making a Return, whenever he shall be satis-u fied, in his own Judgment, that he can do so; a and Secondly, — That this House is not satisfied " that the Scrutiny has been proceeded in as expeditiously as it might have been: That it is his " Duty to adopt and enforce such just and reasonable " Regulations as shall appear to him most likely to u prevent unnecessary Delay in future — that he is not u precluded from so doing by the Want of Consent of " either Party — and, that he may be assured of the " Support of this House in the Discharge of his " Duty/’ be inserted instead thereof;

An Amendment w^s proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by inserting, after the Words " might have been," these Words, " although " the High Bailiff and Mr. Hargrave have informed the " House, that there has been no culpable Delay, nor has there been any practicable Plan suggested for carrying it on with greater Expedition."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " the Speaker do acquaint the High Bailiff, First, — " That he is not precluded, by the Resolution of this " House communicated to him on the 8th of June " last, from making a Return, whenever he shall be " satisfied, in his own Judgment, that he can do so; " and, Secondly, — That this House is not satisfied that the Scrutiny has been proceeded in as expe-€< ditiously as it might have been: That it is his " Duty to adopt and enforce such just and reasonable " Regulations as shall appear to him most likely to " prevent unnecessary Delay in future — that he is not precluded from so doing by the Want of Consent of " either Party — and, that he may be assured of the " Support of this House in the Discharge of his

Duty," be inserted instead of the Words left out of the original Motion;

Vol. 40. _ ‘ -

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so. amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Speaker do acquaint the High Bailiff, First, — That he is not precluded, by the Resolution of this House communicated to him on the 8th of June last, from making a Return, whenever he shall be satisfied, In his own Judgment, that he can do so; and, Secondly, — That this House is Hot satisfied that the Scrutiny has been proceeded in as expeditiously as it might have been: That it is his Duty to adopt and enforce such just and reasonable Regulations as shall appear to him most likely to prevent unnecessary Delay in future — that he is not precluded from so doing by the Want of Consent of either Party — and, that he may be assured of the Support of this House in the Discharge of his Duty.

Ordered, That the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster be now called in, and that Mr. Speaker dd acquaint him with the said Resolution.

The said High Bailiff was accordingly called in to the Bar, and Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the said Resolution.

And then he was directed to withdraw. k

The House was moved, That the several Orders Cricklade made upon the 28th Day of January last, for taking Election, into Consideration, upon Thursday next, the Petition of John Watker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Six of the Clock on Thursday Mornings adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 11° die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- cricklade tion the Petition of John Walker Heneage and Election. Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Seventy-eight Members only being found to be present,

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into

6 O Consideration; '

Cricklade

Election.

Cricklade

Election.

510 12° — 14*

Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

*mmm , ..... — ' 1

Sabbati, 12* die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade\ in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And there being no Member in the House besides Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 14° die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough* being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty-five Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And a Counsel also appeared at the Bar on the Part of the Returning Officer, who, as the said Counsel alledged, was criminated by the said Petitions, or One

Februarii. 785.

of them; but he was directed by the House to withdraw.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Two Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Robert Vyner, Esquire, being drawn, be required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being‘Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Select Committee, that there are various Matters of public Business to which he is required to attend, and which, as he apprehends, cannot be delayed without great Inconvenience to the Public; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, in Manner before mentioned, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, Mr. Speaker putting the Question to the House, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (in respect of what he has now alledged, and verified) be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, which being agreed to by the House, he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of Charles Brett, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twenty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of George Medley, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the' Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Two, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verifiea upon Oath; Twelve, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Day9; and Two, on Account of their having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused, or set aside, being complete;

The

i Public Accounts.

Morpeth

Election.

Tamm's

Naturali-

sation.

Tinsley

Road.

Rotherham

Road.

Whitby

Road.

25 Geo. III. 140 Feh 511

The Counsel for the Petitioners foamed John Galley Knight, Esquire, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members named John Nichotts, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, td take into Consideration so touch of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as recommends to the Consideration of the House, the Matters suggested in the Reports of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, and such further Regulations as may appear to be necessary in the different Offices of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the several Reports, which have been presented to this House in any former Session of Parliament, from the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of th&Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, in the room of Sir James Erskine, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, has become Entitled to, and accepted of, a beneficial Interest in the Office of Director of Chancery in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

A Petition of Simon Tamm, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Call and Mr. Eliot do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Ynade in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, " Act Act for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County of York, to " the Town of Doncaster, in the said County," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Galley Knight, Mr. Duncombe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending " and widening the Road from the South End of the " Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the " present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County u of Derby, andalso the Road from the North End of w the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the Ea$t Side of Tankersley Park, in the said County of York,9' so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Galley Knight, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed and elected to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Vol. 40.

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " the West End of Barter Gate, in the Town of Whitby,

" to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish " of Middleton, in the County of York," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That since the passing of the said Act, the Trustees therein named have made a good and sufficient Turnpike Road from Whitby to the South End of Lockton Lake aforesaid, and such Tolls have been taken thereon as by the said Act is directed; and that, exclusive of the Sum of £.1,200, or, thereabouts, which, before the passing of the said Act, had been raised by Subscription in the Town and Neighbourhood of Whitby, dhd laid out upon the said Road, the Trustees have beCh obliged to borrow, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, the Sum of £. 900, which still remains unpaid; afod that it appears by the Treasurer’s Accounts, settled and allowed at a Meeting of the Trustees for putting the said, Act in Execution, that the said Treasurer hath in his Hands the Sum of £. 454. 4?. which will be rio more than sufficient to pay the Expences of the pte- sent Application to Parliament, and for the present necessary Repairs of the said Road; and that foe said Act expires on the First Day of May next: And, in order that the Petitioners may be enabled to discharge the said Debt of £. 900, and to keep the said Road in Repair, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge and continue the said Act, atod the several Powers and Authories thereby giveh, for such further Term of Years, from the said First Day of May next, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Christopher Sykes, Mr. Galley Knight, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons residing in Or fre- Reading questly going to, the Town of Reading, in the County Paving, of Bet'ks, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Application has been made to the House, for a Bill to pave, cleanse, light, and watch the said Town; and that it would be an additional Convenience and Safety to the Inhabitants, and Persons resorting to the said Town, if Power was given to remove Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the like for the future: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for those Purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, whose Names are fhereanto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others^ is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to die House.

Mr. Dudley Long reported from the Committee, to Timberland whom the Petition of Sir Christopher IVhichcote, Baro- Drainage, net, Pemberton Milnes, Esquire, John Hammond, Gentleman, and other, Owners and Proprietors of certain Low Lands within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln, and of the Reverend John Lancas-ter, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Timberland aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same,

512 14 ° Februarii.A. 1785.

same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records, as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to whom Gloucester Henry Rutter being examined, said, That there are the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace as- Gaol, within the Parish of Timberland several Pieces of in- sembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace closed Low Lands, containing about 2,200 Acres, for the County of Gloucester, and of the Gentlemen, called Timberland, and Timberland Thorpe Fens, which Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Gloucester, are frequently overflowed with Water, to the Depth whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; of several Feet, so as to prevent the Cultivation thereof That the Committee had examined the Matter of the — That the Land is good, and if drained, and pre- said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, vented from being overflowed, by making proper Banks as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the for that Purpose, it would be an Improvement to the Report in his Place *, and afterwards delivered it in at Estates of the Parties interested, and be a Public the Clerk’s TableWhere the same was read; and is as Benefit. followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Sir for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, with- George Onesiphcrous Paul being examined, said, That in the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln: the Common Gaol, and also the several Bridewells,

And that Mr. Dudley Long, Mr. Anderson Pelham, for the County of Gloucester, are too small for the Oc-and Sir John Thorold\ do prepare, and bring in, the casions of the County, very inconvenient, and much same. out of Repair, and that it is absolutely necessary, for the safe Custody of Persons who may be committed Donnington A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands within thereto, that a new Gaol and some additional Bride-upon Baine ^e parjsh of Donnington upon Baine, in the County of wells should be built, and that proper Rules should

inciosure. was presented to the House, and read; Set- be established for the Government and Regulation

ting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, thereof.

certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, for building a new Gaol, a House of Correction to be

containing about 1,600 Acres, wherein the Lands of used as a Penitentiary House, and other Houses of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and dis- Correction, for the County or Gloucester, and for reversed in small Parcels, and are, in general, so incon- gulating the same: And that Mr. Master, Sir Charles

viently situated, as to render the Cultivation thereof Barrow, and Mr. Webb, do prepare, and bring in, the,

difficult and expensive to the respective Proprietors, same.

and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much

Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the A Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Huntingdon Advantage of the several Proprietors, if the same were Street and other Places within the Town of Huntingdon, Paving, &c divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoy-to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to ances therein, was read a Second Time, their respective Rights and Properties: And. therefore Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Rawlinson, the Lord Hinchinbivok, &c.: And they are the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the roeet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the House snail seem meet Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackburne presented the House, according to Nightingslt’s Mr. Dudley Long, ‘]VIr. Anderson Pelham, and Sir John Order, a Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Road. Thorold, do prepare, and bring in, the same. Term and Powers of An Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Beccles A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners, and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingale s, in

Road, Occupiers in the several Parishes through which the the Township of Heath Chamock, to the Bridge at the Road passes from Beccles, in the County of Suffolk, to West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the Ipswich, in the said County, whose Names are there- County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; received; and read the First Time.

Setting forth, That the Road from Beccles to Ipswich Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

aforesaid, through Weston, Willingham, Shaddingfield,

Stovai, Brampton, Sot ha'ton, Henham, Bulcamp, Blyth- A Petition of the several Owners and Proprietors of Holbrookes burgh, Hinton, 1 boring ton, Darsham, Yoxford, Kelsale, Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Liberty of Estate. Carlton, Laxmundham, Benhall, Farnham, Stratford, Holbrooke, in the County of Derby, was presented to Lit tie Glemham, Marlesford, Hacheston, Wickham- Mar- the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, ket, PcUstrce, Ifford, Melton, Woodbridge, Martksham, within the said Liberty, Commons, Waste Grounds,

Kesgrave, and Rushmcre, is, from the Nature of the and Open Fields, containing together 300 Acres, or Soil, very deep, ruinous, in many Parts narrow and thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are in-incommodious, subject to Annoyances by Currents' of capable of Improvement; and that it will be advan-Water, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, tageous to the Petitioners, and the other Owners and and kept in good Repair, by the Laws now in being: Proprietors of the said Commons, Waste Grounds,

And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to and Open Fields, if the same were divided and in-bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said closed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the respccr Road, and keeping the same in Repair, in such Man- tive Persons entitled thereto: And therefore praying, net, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for meet. dividing and inclosing the said Commons, Waste

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Grounds, and Open Fields, in such Manner and Consideration of a Committee: And theft they do under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as meet.

it shall appear to them, to the House: Ordered, That Leave be given to brina in a Bill,

And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Mr. Grigby, &c.: pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition*: And that

Mr.

Perth Roads, &c.

Horsham, &c. Roads.

Pickering

Inclosure.

Marston

Montgomery

Inclosure.

35 Geo. III. 14° Februarii. . 513r

Mr. Mundy, Lord George Cavendish, and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

General Murray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Weeks, the 7th Day of March next.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term' and Powers of an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Heeding Hill, and from Stcyning to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Tinte.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and leasing or letting a certain Common and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Marston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham\\ " and several other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Trustees under art Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading front " Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby? to the " Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the " said County," which was presented to the House upon fVedncsday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all, who come to the said Committee, have Voices,

Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

State of the Debt, and Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 178,5 — Land Service.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said State and Estimate, was read.

The said State and Estimate are as followeth; viz.

S T A T E of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, to 31st December 1783.

Debentures in Course of Office remaining to be provided for after the Operation of the Resolution of the Honourable the House of Commons, 7th August 1784 To the above Sum is to be added Debentures in Course of Office, since made out for Stores delivered to 31st December 1783 - - .

Amount of Debenture Debt submitted to the Consideration of Parliament, to be provided for in 1785 - - - £.

besides the preceding Debenture Debt in Course of Office, other Debts, £. s. d.

for the most Part to be paid in Ready Money, were stated to the House of Commons in June 1784, to amount to - - - - 360,371 10 — -

From which deduct, for Debentures in Course of Office since made out,

for Stores delivered previous to 31st December 17S3, as before stated - 46,248 1 4

£ y. d.

448,130 — 9

46,248 1 4

494,3/8 2 1

314,123 8 8

Towards the Discharge of this Debt there was applied, by the Votes of last Year £ s. d.

The Balance in the Treasurer’s Hands - 13,383 C 8

Sums advanced by him, to be replaced out of the Grants of 1784 - - 85,867 5 6

Unprovided 1783 - 181,141 6 4

__ — -----:----:---- 280,391 18 6

Which reduces this Debt to - -

33>73l 10 2

The Payment of this Sum of f 33,731. 10. 2 may be postponed till the next Year.

It is necessary to state, that there are at this Time farther Claims in the Office for Services performed and Stores supplied, to 31st December 1783, which have appeared since the last Statement in June 1784, but are as yet unadjusted, amounting to the Sum of - - 62,451 1 10

Debt jemaining to be provided for next Year - - - - £. 96,182 12

Vql. 40.

6P EXPENCE

Derby Road.

Ordnance

Estimate.

Si4

14'’ Februarii. A. 1785.

EX PENCE of Services previous to the 31st December 1783, which have appeared since the Statement of the Debt to that Period, and have been paid' by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in 1784.

Paid Fractional Certificates on the Debt to 30th June 1782, subscribed agreeable to a Resolution of the Honourable the House of Commons, 7th August 1784, v^ith the Interest due thereon to 7th November 1784 ... . ....

Paid to the East India Company on the final Settlement of their Account for Salt Petre, more than was provided for in the Debt stated to the Honourable the House of Commons in June last ——

Paid sundry Officers for Loss of Baggage, and other Claims, previous to 31st December 1783) not known when the Debt was stated in June last -

I. S. d.

12,700 — —

503 11 1

6,142 — 1

Carried down

i-

19.345 11 2

EXPENCE

of Services for the Year 1784, performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty’s Orders, and not provided for by Parliament in that Year.

NORTH AMERICA:

Arrears of Pay and Passage Money for Persons on the North American Staff returned Home

NOVA SCOTIA:

Imp'* for Bills of Exchange drawn from Halifax for North American Staff, previous to its being reduced, and for Contingencies attending thereon - -

QUEBEC:

Imp* for Bills of Exchange drawn from Quebec for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery, and Current Service ——

EAST FLORIDA:

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers removed from East Florida to the Bahama £. s. d.

Islands, from 1 October to 31 December 1784 - - - - -1645' —

Imp" for Bills of Exchange drawn by the Storekeeper for removing the Ordnance Stores from St Augustine to the Bahama Islands - - - 4,345 5 —

WEST INDIES:

Imp" for Bills of Exchange drawn from the Leeward Islands for Staff and Contingencies of Artillery.....-....

SHIPPING:

1

Paid on Account of the Hire of Transports....

SUPERANNUATED OFFICERS AND PENSIONS: Increased on the Superannuated and Half-pay List

£, d.

866 5 6

1.659 5 9

2,047 16 11

4,509 10 —

393-----

897 9 6

700 4 6

ARMS,

35 Geo. III. 14° Februarii.

ARMS, TENTS, AND AMMUNITION FOR THE ARMY:

Arms to the Horse and Dragoon Guards, 1st and 3d Regiments, for Foot £. s. Guards, Royal Artillery, and to sundry Regiments of Dragoons and

Foot.....10,8-50 it

Additional Supply of Ammunition for the Foot Guards - - - - 587 7

Ammunition for Recruits ordered to join their Regiments on Foreign

Service..... 37 15

Tents, &c. to a Detachment of the 12th Regiment - - - 140 16

Unprovided, 17S4 *

Expence previous to 31st December 1783 brought down *

1 515

d.

1

8

7 11,616 10 4

- 22,690 2 -6

19,345 11 2

£ 42,035 13 8

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1785. LANDSERVICE.

ORDINARY:

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, and Attendants employed at the Tower - - - - 14,966 18 —

And at the following Places; viz*.

Woolwich Purfleet -

Gravesend and Tilbury Chatham -Upnor Castle -Sheerness Feversham Dover

Portsmouth - -

Priddy’s Hard *

Plymouth Keyham Point -Isle of Man

Greenwich, Windsor, Hampton Court, and St. James’s fPendennis, Scilly Island, Chester, Carlisle, Berwick, Storek" at - -{ Tinmouth Castle, and Clifford’s Fort, Hull, Yarmouth,

[ Landguard Fort, Guernsey, and Jersey -Rent for Use of Land and Houses ... Estab* of the Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder -Estab* of the Office of Inspector of Artillery, and for proving Guns Estab* of the Superintendent of Military Machines -

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

L334 10 — 54i 5 —

255 -

600----

80----

380----

2Q0 — —

120----

814 15 — 205 — — 644 15 —

170----

166----

226 -

520 -

554 17 — 1,888 5 — 923 7 6 282 17 6

24,963 10 —

£ * d.

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

' North Britain Gibraltar -

St. John’s and Placentia in Newfoundland -Quebec -

Halifax -

New Brunswick -

Jamaica -

Grenada -

Antigua -

Dominica -

St. Vincent - -

Barbadoes . ——

St. Christopher - -

Bahama Islands (removed firom East Florida)

12,481 15 —

554 10 — i,339 5 — 1,277 10 —

843 10 —

602

565

Vol. 40.

5 —

_ _ 15 —

182 10 — 474 10 — 474 10 — 474 10 — 474 10 — 474 10 — 474 10 — 657----

Pay

516 140 Februarii.

1 ?%

Fay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James’s Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals

and Candles - -

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, and Postage of Letters -

Ordinary Repairs of Fortifications, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, Pallisades, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several Forts and Castles in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same, at the several Forts, Castles, and Garrisons, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey -

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores, for the common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - -

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower - ....

Pay of the Corps of Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 3,282 Men, Officers included Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters, of the Royal Military Academy

at Woolwich - - - ‘ - - - - -....

Establishment of Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain and

Foreign Garrisons -....

Pay of superannuated and disabled Men — Half Pay of reduced Officers — Widow's Pensions — and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants .....-----

Money to be paid at the Treasury and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of

j£-392>855- j5- 5> being the Amount of this Estimate.....t

Fee to be paid to the Auditor and Chief Baron, for passing this Account -

Ordinary - £.

£ s. d.

3.4i6 17 6

18.000 -

15.000 -

6,079 4 7

6.000 — —

2.000 — 10,402 10 —

112,182 15 —

1,844 5 — 2,042 11 — .

.21,951 1 2 796 ——

313 6 8

221,369 10 11

EXTRAORDINARIES, 1785.

NEWFOUNDLAND!.

£ d.

For Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Storehouses, and for Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

For Fuel for the Barracks .....

For a Supply of Stores demanded by the Engineer -

L450 -

1,500 -

550----

NOVA SCOTIA: For Staff, Contingencies^ and Current Service

NEW BRUNSWICK: For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service

£ *d.

3,5oo-----

4,000----

2,000 —

QUEBEC: For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service

5,000-----

JAMAICA: For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service

BAHAMA ISLANDS: For Contingencies, and Current Service > a

2,500

1,000-----

WEST

litized by L

2$ Geo. III. 140 Februariu

WEST INDIES:

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of the Company of Artificers -

For sending out Huts framed from England, as a temporary Covering for the Troops, till the old Barracks can be repaired, or new ones built, Freight included

For ordinary Repairs of Buildings -

To re-establish the several Batteries and Works at Willis’s -Towards compleating the Souterrain Battery under Willis’s Battery, begun during the Siege - - - . - ,

Towards compleating the Souterrain Battery under the Windsor Battery -Towards Souterrain Casemates in the Towft -

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service r # - -

For Stores demanded for the Storekeeper’s Department, and Freight thereof - - - - { -

For Stores and Umber under the Engineer’s Department, and Freight thereof ——

JERSEY:

For the Works -

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service - -

GUERNSEY:

For the Works ——

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

SCOTLAND:

t; t.

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, end Barracks, in Scotland, Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service....

NORTH EAST DISTRICT:

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service - -

LANDGUARD FORT:

For Repairs, fitting up Buildings, Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service

YAR MOUTH:

For Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service - -

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Cockham Wood, and Howness — Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service! ' - ’ J - - - - *

For revering and repairing the Redoubts and Lines -

SLEEKNESS:'

For Breakwaters, Staff, Contingencies, and Current Service -

CINQUE PORTS DIVISION:

For Staff, Contingencies a»J Current Service - -

' Tot. 40. 6 Q

s.

4,492 10 10

3,250-----

3.000 -

3,800-----

1,150 — _

850-----

900-----

2,500-----

3,258-----

8.000 — —

8po — — 300----

2,200 -

300 — —

1.500

4.500

517

s. d.

5;obo —

31,200 10 id

i,ioo-----

*> ' . 1 ... 2,500 —

2,00P-----

1,000 —

1,000 -

i5o _ —

6,000 —

i,ood — —

i;oooo — —

WOOLWICH;

-Ashborne

Hoad.

518 140 Februarii. A. 1785-

WOOLWICH: £ d- £. t. i.

Towards the extraordinary Expences of the Laboratory w For Staff, Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks - 2,060 1,000 3,000

PORTSMOUTH:

For Staff, Contingencies, Repairs of old Works, and other Buildings, at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division, and for Current Service - -- -For the Works near the Dock Yard, on the reduced Plan 5,500 8,000 — r- 13>5oo ——

GOSPORT?:

Towards carrying on the Works at Fort Monckton' -For Staff, Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines - 10,000 1 1,000 — — 1 11,000

PLYMOUTH:

For Staff, Contingencies, and Repairs of the Lines, Citadel, arid various Places in the Division, and for Current Service - - It — 3,000 -

SHIPPING:

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery at Gibraltar, Canada, Halifax, Newfoundland, Jamaica, and the West Indies - - - 5,000 *

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY:

For Contingencies - - i . 5,000

SMALL ARMS:

For the Supply of Regiments - r, 10,000

SALT PETRE:

Two hundred Tons ---- 9,000 — —

Extraordinaries - - r; -Ordinary ---- - - 129,4501010 221,3691011

Ordinary and Extraordinaries 1784. Unprovided - Debt to 31 December 1783, D° 22,690 2 6 19.345 11 2 350,820 1 9 42,035 13 8

% -

Richmond, &c. Master General. £ 392,855, 15 5j

W. Ilmce. James Luttrell. G. Cranford. Tko. Baillie.

Ordered, That the saii Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " for widening arid repairing the Road leading from " Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar " Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Shesfield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place " called OpenxcGod Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to " Ripley, in the County of Derby? was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees

have proceeded in the Execution- of the said Aety. and have borrowed a Considerable Sum. of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, which still remains due; and that, unless the Term granted by the said Act; which is near expiring, and the Powers thereof, are enlarged, the said Road cannot be completely repaired, and kept in Repair, nor. die Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom (which are a very scanty Security for the same) be repaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

5 Geo. III. 14° Februarii. 519

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Tower to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Southwark, A Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execute. Roads, tion several Acts of Parliament, of the Fourth, the Sixth, and the Tenth Years of King George the First, the Fourth, the Tenth, and the Twenty-fifth Years of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Stone’s End at Blackman Street, in the Parishes of Saint George, Southwark, and Sqint Mary, Newington, to High gate, at the Entrance into Ashdown Fo~ rest, in the Parish of East Grinstead, and to Sutton and Burton Common, and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell, to join the said Road leading to Highgate, at the Bottom of Bristow Causeway Common, and the Road lying between Nonesuch and Worcester Parks, in the Parish of Cuddington, in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have caused the said Roads to be amended according to the Directions of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Roads, which still remains due; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the said Term be enlarged, and some further Powers given for those Purposes; and AUedging, that the Road leading from Highgate aforesaid, to IVitchcross, in the County of Sussex, being about Twd Milesj is in a ruinous Condition, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended!, and kept in good Repair, by the oirdiriary Course of Law; that the said Road communicates with the Roads comprised in the said Acts, and might be conveniently amended and repaired, if the same was put under thO Care and Management of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners apprehend; that the several Powers and Provisions necessary for repairing and amending the several Roads before mentioned might be more conveniently executed, if the same were comprised in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging thti Term and Powers of the said Acts, so for as relate to the said Roads, and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Road leading from Highgate tb IVitchcross, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them to the House:;

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Ncrtoffy $c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;, and J:ave Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sal hi Mary v A Petition of the several Persons whose Names am

Magd&kn ? , thereuntp $et, Inhabitants p{ thy Waterside Division of

ZT. Sey> the Parish of j^aint Mary Mpgifaten, Berynwdsey, in thflf bounty of Sqrrcy, in behalt of themselves and the qth$r Inhabitants of the said Division, was presented, to the House, apd read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Laqe$, Ways, Passages, and Places within the said Division, of the said Parish, are ill paved, cleansed, and lighted, and greatly incumbered with Posts, and’ annoyed with Spouts, Gutters, and other Obstructions,

~Vol. 40.

whereby they are rendered incommodious, and in many Parts dangerous, not only to the Inhabitants, but to all others resorting thereto; and that there is no regular Watch in the said Divisipn of the said Parish, for Want whereof the Inhabitants, their Houses and Property, are exposed to the Violence of Footpads, Housebreakers, and other Disturbers of the Public Peace; and that, if proper Powers were given to pave, cleanse, light, watch, widen, and regulate the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Division of the said Parish, and to remove all Annoyances and Obstructions therein _by Spouts, Signs, Gutters, Cellars, Bulks, Penthouses,

Steps, ^osts, Filth, and other Annoyances, and to prevent the same for the future, it would tend greatly to the Health, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, as to the House shall seem meet ;,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thy Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbey* Mr. Norton, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow' Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from the Excise Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was Djmes. called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Comparative Account of the Gross Amount of the Duties of Excise, for Three Ye^rs, ending 5th July 1782, 1783, and 1784; distinguishing each Duty, and the Drawbacks for Exports on each.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, tb be perused by the Members of the House. ?

Ordered, That such a Number of Cqpies of the said Account be printed, as shall be, sufficient for the Use of tile Members of the House. t,

The said Account is preserved amongst the otter Papers of this Session.

Tte House being informed that Mr. Brietzcke, from Convicts, the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries <bf State, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented-to the: House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

.. N° 1. Copy of a Warrant appointing^Duncan Camp* bell, Esquire, Overseer, and Stuart Erskine, Deputy Overseer, of the Convicts of board the Hulks on the River Thames: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Instructions for Duncan Campbells Esquire, and his Deputy, Stuart Erskine: And also,

N° 3. Copy of Warrant appointing Mr. William,

Cowdry Overseer iof the Convicts on board, the Dunkirk:

And also, , \ .

.N° 4. Copy of a Letter from the Rjrfit honourably Lord Sydney to foe Lords Commissioners qi thy daM Whitebyll, 1 l’th June 1784: Avid also,

: N°.5n; Cogy^of a Letter from Lord Sytpiey to the Lord$ Commissioners of the Treasury; dated Whitehall^ sd jQegsmber 1784 And alsc

N° 6. List of Convicts under Sentence of Trans>po*> tation, removed fromdifferent Gaols, on board the Censor Hqlk: And also,

N° 7. A Paper, intituled, " Number of Convict* oaf board the Dunkirk at Plymouth."

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And

520 14° Februarii. A. 1785.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Convict*. The House being informed that Mr. Duncan Campbell attended at the Door; be was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A List of Convicts now on board the Justitia Hulk, sentenced to Hard Labour on the River Thames.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Last is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Imports and The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Exports. Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

' he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

pursuant to their Orders,

A comparative Account of the Imports and Exports of Tobacco, Rice, Indigo,'Rum, and Sugar, into and from that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Two Years ending at Christmas 1764, and Christmas 1783, with the Duties and Drawbacks thereon, and distinguishing the Produce of the Duties imposed since 1764: And also,

An Account of the Imports and Exports between that Part of Great Britain called England, and Ireland, for Five Years ending at Christmas 1783, being the latest Period to which the same can be completed; distinguishing each Year, and the several Articles.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Cricklade . The Counsel and Agents, before-mentioned, being

Election. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at-

tend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of John Galley Knight, Esquire, and John Nicholls, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Moore, Esquire, Brook Watson, Esquire, Joshua Grigby, Esquire, Sir James Duff, Barontet, Thomas Hunt, Esquire, Sir William Molesworth, Baronet, Peter Johnston, Esquire, William MiDowal, Esquire, Edmund Nugent, Esquire, James Martin, Esquire, William Middleton, Esquire, John Pollexfen Bastard, Esquire, Sir William Mansel, Baronet, John Galley Knight, Esquire, John Nicholls, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the First Committee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of

York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Represent forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellence of the Constitution of this Country, most ariiimeD ardently wish to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded; and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, the Commons of this Realm are partially and inadequately represented, and consequently cannot have that Security for their Liberties, which it is the Aim of the Constitution to give them: And therefore supplicating the House, to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great Constitutional Evil, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Steele presented to the House,

A List Of Pensions, together with the Names of the Peusion*. Persons to whom the same are granted, since the 2d Day of June 1784, being the Date of the last Return, who have served the Crown in Foreign Courts; made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- , jesty, intituled, u An Act for enabling His Majesty " to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List " Revenues, and for preventing the same from being " in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode cc of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the " Civil ListAnd also,

A List of Pensions, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same are granted, since the 2d Day of June 1784; made out pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon " His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same

from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the u Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by " suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the " Civil List."

And the Titles of the said Lists were read.

Ordered, That the said Lists do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lists are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Way* and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mwg-whole House, to consider further of Ways and Mean* for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Newfound, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the laadTmdi Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade "lth . between the Ports of the United States of America and Amerlc* His Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the*Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form thereunto anhexed.

A Motion

a 5 Geo. III. 140 — 15'

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. John Brickwood do attend the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Vice Admiral John Campbell do attend the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marti$, 15° die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785.

Prayeus.

Lyme Regis HT^HE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-Election. JL tion the Petition of Robert Wood, Esquire, and John Cator, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

' being resident Freemen and resident Freeholders of and in the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And a Member present, and a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Ninety-six Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirty Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

Vol. 40.

Februarii. 521

And the Name of William Drake, Senior, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards; and, having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Seventeen other Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Bamber Gascoyne, Senior, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Two other Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; One on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which he had before verified upon Oath; Six on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Two on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and One on Account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete; *

The Counsel for the Petitioners named Charles Robinson, Esquire, to serve, on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according Lizard to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain ^closure. Waste or Common called Lizard Common, within the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shifnal, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to Watling whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers Street to of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present ^oaj^ury Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from The Bucks Head at Watling Sti'cet to Bcckbury and The New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand-Post in the Parish of Kembtrton, in the County of Salop, and for making the same more effectual, w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and; afterw ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. . s '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing an Act, of the Sixth Year of Biddenden His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Iload* Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Mr. llonyzvood, &c.: And they are to meet this 6 R Afternoon,

15 Februarifi. 1785.

Afternoon, at Fisf «f foe OfooW in the Speaker's Rmterscross, in the Perish of R'dlaJm, tp a Flaw called Chamber. T Fighting Cocks, in the Parish,of Fetes Filming, all

in the said County: And that Mr. Call and Mr. Folk do Calliogton Mr. Calf reported from the Committee, tq whom prepare, and bring in, the same. -v Road*- the Report war re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition as well of the Mr. Call presented to the House, according to Order, Tamm’s Nat Trustees acting nader end by vfrtwe Of an Act Of Par- a Bill for naturalizing Simon Tamm: And the same was

liament, passed in the Fourth Yew of the Reign of His received; and read the First Time,

present Majesty, for repairing end widening several Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time-Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Corn*

wall, as of thf Creditors on the Toils of the said A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Debf rs Roads, as also of the principal Inhabitants residing- Gaol at Shrewsbury, in and for tlia County of Salop, was Peuuon, nesr the same, was referred; That foe Committee bad presented to the House, and read; Complaining erf their

examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Distress, and praying Relief.

House, of the asth of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Ordei'ed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bills, had been complied with in respect to the Application for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Sir Robert Salusbvry Cotton reported from the Com- Whitchurch Act; fort font foe said. Standing Orders had not been mittee, to whom) the Bill to continue the Term, and Roads-complied with in respect to the Application for repair- alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act made in the fog the Road from a, Place called Bushford, in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to repair Parish of $ okfiClimsland, tQ a Place called Real’s Mill, and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County so the said Parish, and also the Road leading from a of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich,

Place called Renterscross, in the Parish of RiUalon, to a in the County of Chester, and Newcastle Line,

Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid, was com-Fleming, it not having been determined on to apply to mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allega-Parliament for that Purpose, until it was too late to tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and give the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and and that the Committee had directed him to report the made several Amendments thereunto, which they had same, together with the Matter of the said Petition, as directed him to report to the House; and he read the it appeared to thew, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill Repqrt in bjs Place; and afterwards delivered it in at with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as the Amendments were Once reed throughout; and followed); %ifo, then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition the said Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by. the Act was reed: And, House.

Mf. William Oansey being examined, said, That the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ?

Trustees have borrowed several considerable Sums of fogrossed.

Money, which have been, lajd out so making, repairing, and improving the said Roads; — That the Sum Sir George Augustus Shuckburgh reported Holden's

of One thousand Sin hundred Pounds now remain? from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable h’arae-due, and canppt he repaid, nor the said Roads kept so Hum Lucas Holden to take and use the Surname of Repair, unless fop Term and Powers of foe said Act Rose, was committed; That the Committee had ex&» are enlarged and amended. mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same

And the Witness further said, That the Road lead- to be true; and that the Committee had directed him ing from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Parish of to report the Bill to the House, without any Amend*

Stoke Climsland, is aboiit Two Miles in Length: and ment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s the Road leading from Penterspross, in the Parish of Table.

Rillatm, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Parish of Bytes Flowing, is about Three Quarters of a

Mile so Length i’ — That the said Two Pieces of Road The Order of foe Day, for the Call of the House, Call of tht are so a very rufopu? Condition, and when repaired being read; House,

will be a Continuation of foe old Road, in order to That the House be now called over,

meet foe Turnpike Roads from Launceston to Codington, Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

and from CqllingtQfi to SaRash, and will ajso be of great House, do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Convenience to foe Neighbourhood. Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent,

And he added, That foe Expence of repairing and and summon foe Members, there to attend, the Service Widening the said Pieces of Road will not, as he believes, of the House, exceed the Sum of Two. hundred Poupd?; and that foe And he went accordingly, principal Inhabitants of foe Parishes, of Stoke Climsland And being returned;

and Botfg Fleming, through which thp said Roads lead, The House was in Part called over,

and. also foe principal Creditors on. foe said Turnpike,

have eifoer signed foe Petition, or are otherwise con- The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Lyme Regis siting tp foe Prayer thereof: Then, again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend Election.

Mr. William Gill informed your Committee, That foe the said Select Committee delivered in to the House sfoov^aerfoed Pieces of Road, are very much out of One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the Repair, and in some Parts impassable for Two Carriages; said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List and that it would be of great Public Utility to have the of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining Sgmoamendedaa<ikeptia Repair. unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of

Ordered, Ths\t Leave be given to bring in a Bid Senior, Esquire, and

fry continuing foe Term of an Act, passed so foe Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as follows:

fotifoled, " An Act for repairing and widening several The Honourable John Charles Jolliers,

" Roads; leading, from CoWngton, so foe County of Rortlock Pawney, Esquire, Neville,

" Cornwall;" and for widening and repairing the Esquire, Charles Brandling, Esquire, Sjr *

Rqad lqadfog from. Bushford to Beal’s Mill, so. the house, Baronet, Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Baronet,

Parish of <8 t°ks.Climsland, apd. also, the Road from the Honourable Chappie Norton, John Call, Esquire;

Jeremiah

Defaulters at Call of the House.

Members not to be absent -without Leave.

Leave of Absence.

House to be called'over.

Newfoundland Trade with America.

35 Geo. III. 150 — 160 . 523

Jeremiah Crutehbey, Inquire, David Murrey, Esquire, the Lord Apsky, Gabriel Steward, Esquire, George Sutton, Esquire, Bomber Gascoyne, Senior, Esquire, Charles Robinson, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits erf the said Petition of Robert Wood, Esquire, and John Catar, Esquire, and also of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being resident Freer men, and resident Freeholders, of and in the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, now taken into Consi* deration, were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel end Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Second Committee Chamber appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Then the House proceeded further in calling over the House; and several of the Members appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And die Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them were excused, some upon Account of Illness, or of the Death of a near Relation, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or Abroad on the Public Service.

Oi'dered, That the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, and have not been excused, be again called over upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That theaaid Bast he reed the Third 1%; Tomorrow Morning, if the re# Bill ?heh he then mgrossod,

A Bill fertile Regulation ef $i* Majesty's Marine Marin* Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Tim<* Forcefc

Rm/vsd, That the Bill he eeawaitfod,

Reedvtd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That thin Heuse will, To.ipomiw Morning, resolve itself a Committee of the whole upon the said Bill-

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Supply Bill; certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Berry, for Duties on the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Malt’ c* and Eighty-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tq a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

And then the House adjourned tjU Tomorrow Morning, Tea of the Clock.

rrrrrrrtr-r rrrr* mi iniif rr

Mercurii, 16° die Februqrii} Anno 250 Georgii III. Regis, 1785.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to go out of Town without the Leave of the House.

Ordered, That the Earl of Easton have Leave to go into thq Country, for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

OrderedThat Mr. Blackburne have Leave to go into the Country, for a Fortnight, on Account of the Indisposition of a near Relation.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Three Weeks, the 8th Day of March next.

Ordered, That such Members, as shah not then attend, be sent for* in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but UritfwA-built Ships actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence accorching. to the Form thereunto annexed, was com.-niitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with t}ie Amendments, be ingrossed,

Vol. 40.

Prayers.

£*IMQN TAMM took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Cheltenham and others, residing in and near the several Towns Roads, and Parishes of Cheltenham, Chariton King's, Leek-hampton, Dowdesu'eM, 8$c. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, is become a Place of great Resort for many of the Nobility,

Gentry, and' others, from differe nt Parts of the Kingdom, for the Benefit of drinking the Mineral Waters, but the Communication therewith from the great Roads is exceedingly inconvenient, difficult, and dangerous, although the same may be made very commodious, with an easy Ascent up the Hills, to join the great London Road: from Gloucester, at or near a Public House called Kilkenny, in the Parish of DowdesrveU, between the Twelfth and Thirteenth Mile Stones on the said London Road, through the several Parishes of Cheltenham, Charlton King's, Dowdeswell, Whittington, and Withington, in the said County of Gloucester, and also to join the great Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near the Town of Painswich, in the said County of Gloucester, through the several Parishes of Cheltenham, Charlton King's, Leckhampton, Coberley, Cowley, Brimpspdd\ Cranham, and Painswich, and also at a Place called the Harrow, in the Parish of Upton Saint Leonard's, in the said County of Gloucester, which would tend not only to the great Utility and Benefit of the said Town of Cheltenham, but also for the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, and others resorting thereto, and residing in that Part of the Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter, widen, turn, and make such a commodious, easy, and good ftoadj from die said Town of Cheltenham, through Btrdlify to join the great Road from Gloucester to Bath, near the Town of Painstvick, and also at a Place called The Harrow, in the said Parish of Upton Saint Lconai d'%

in

Cheltenham

Roads.

524 \6° Februarii 1785.

in the said County of Gloucester, and also from the said Town of Cheltenham, through Dowdeswell, to come into the great London Road from the said City of Gloucester, at or near a certain Place called Kilkenny, between the Twelfth and Thirteenth Mile Stones on the said London Road, in the said County of Gloucester, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Master, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Acting Commissioners, and several Mortgagees, of the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, to Pewsdown Ash and Combend Beeches, and also from the Town of Cheltenham to a certain Place in the Road leading to Tewkesbury, in the same County, called Piff"s Elm, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition is presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and repairing a Road, from the Town of Cheltenham, through Birdlip, to join the great Turnpike Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near the Town of Painswick, through the several Parishes of Cheltenham, Charlton Kings, Leek-hampton, Coberley, Cowley, Brimpsfield, Cranham, and Painswick, and from the said new-intended Road in the Parish of Cranham, down Portway, to join the said Turnpike Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near a Place in the Parish of Upton Saint Leonard's, in the said County of Gloucester, called The Harrow, and frorh the said Town of Cheltenham, through the several Parishes of Cheltenham, Charlton King's, Wit-tington, Withington, and Dowdeswell, in the said County, to join the Great Turnpike Road from the said City of Gloucester to London at or near a Public House, in the said Parish of Dowdeswell, called Kilkenny, but which they were not apprized of till too late to give the necessary Public Notices required for an Application to Parliament; and that the Petitioners conceive, the new-intended Roads will be very detrimental to the several Mortgagees of the old Turnpike Road, but admit that they will be very advantageous for the Nobility, Gentry, and others, resorting to Cheltenham for the Benefit of drinking the Waters, and also for the Farmers and others carrying Commodities to the Markets of Cheltenham and Gloucester, and therefore they admit, they cannot with Propriety make any Objection to the said new-intended Roads, but troin their rendering the Mon^y advanced upon the Credit of the old Turnpike Roads less secure, and very precarious, the only Prevention whereof, as they conceive, will be by consolidating the old Turnpike Roads with the new-intended Roads under One Trust, and to be a Security not only for the Money already advanced upon the old Turnpike Roads, but also for such Money as may be advanced upon the Credit of, and for making, altering, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the said new-intended Roads: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and permit the said old Turnpike Roads, and the new-intended Roads, to be consolidated, and, for that Purpose, that the said old and new-intended Roads may be divided into separate Districts, as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Tolls arising from such Districts may be applied in Discharge of the Principal Money and Interest already advanced, and to be advanced, upon the Credit thereof, and for making, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said old and new-intended

Roads, and the Overplus arising from each respective District,. if any such shall happen to be, may be applied in discharging the Principal and Interest due, and to become due, thereon, and for making, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads in the other District or Districts; and that the Term of the old Turnpike Act may be enlarged; and that the Petitioners may have sucl^ further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near the several Towns and Parishes of Cheltenham, Charlton Kings, Leckhampton, Dozvdeszvell, &c. is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the River Wear, Sunderland and of the Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, named and appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " for continuing, amending, and rendering more " effectual, so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intitilled, " An Act for the better Preservation and " Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and " Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham,"

" as relates to the Port and Haven of Sundetiand, and " the River Wear, between South Biddick, or Biddick " Ford, and the said Port and Haven," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the several. other Commissioners named and appointed by, and in pursuance of, the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, and by another Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his said Majesty King George the First, for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the said River, Port, and Haven, divers Powers were granted to Commissioners named in the said first-mentioned Act, both of which Acts are long since expired; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better' Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, divers Persons therein named were appointed Commissioners of the said River, Port, and Haven; and that, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so " much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " the better Preservation and Improvement of the " River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, ia " the County of Durham," as relates to the Port and " Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and the said " Port and Haven," such of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Twentieth of his said Majesty’s Reign as were then living, and certain other Persons named in the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, were appointed Commissioners of the said River, Port, and Haven, for putting the Twyo last mentioned Acts in Execution, within the Limits, and under the Powers therein mentioned; and that the Commissioners, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, have expended very large Sums of Money in erecting a lar<*e Pier and Key at or near the Mouth of the said River, in deepening the Channel of the said Port, in making several necessary Alterations and

Additions

J

rial

k

Egleston

closure.

25 Geo. III. i6° Februarii. 525

Additions in the said Pier, and in making divers other such Parts thereof as ate capable of Cultivation and Works for the Improvement and Security of the said Improvement were divided and inclosed, and specific Port, Haven, and River, whereby great Advantages Allotments made thereof to the Petitioners, and the have arisen to the Navigation of the said River; and several other Persons,' Owners and Proprietors of that the East End of the said Pier, from the Force and Lands and Tenements within the Township and Ma-Violence of the Sea and Land Floods, and the Bad- nor of Egleston aforesaid, in Proportion to their s^id ness of its Foundation, is at present in a ruinous State, Lands and Tenements, the same would be of Public' and likely to fall down, and, in case the same should Utility, and a great Improvement to their Estates: fall into the River, the Petitioners apprehend it will And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

be injurious to the Trade and Navigation of the said bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing such certain

Port, especially as the Mouth of the River may by Parts of the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste that Means be choaked up, and the Passage of Ships Land, as are capable of Cultivation and Improvement,

and Vessels in and out of the said Harbour thereby not exceeding in the Whole 2,500 Acres, in such Manner,

totally prevented, to the great Prejudice and Obstruc- and under such Regulations, as the House shall think tion of the Trade and Navigation of the said River, proper.

Port, and Haven; and that the Commissioners, for Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-the avoiding thereof, have been advised, by an able suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. and experienced Engineer, and intended to have Tempest and General Lambton do prepare, and bring in, taken down a considerable Part of the said Pier, and the same, to have rebuilt the same in a different Direction, so as

that the Sea and Land Floods might not act with such - Sir Christopher Sykes reported from the Committee, Beverley Violence thereon, and also be more beneficial to the to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Road. Navigation of the said River, Port, and Haven; and Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees un-they had actually begun that Work, but the Money der an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of to arise by the Duties granted by the said Two last- His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, mentioned Acts being insufficient for the Purpose of " An Act for repairing and widening the Road from carrying on the said Work, they were thereby pre- " Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York,'1 vented from taking down and rebuilding the said Part was referred; That the Committee had examined, of the Pier, and, the said Work, and other Works and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of which are necessary to be made and effected at the the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills,

Mouth and other Parts of the said River, to render had been complied with; and that the Committee the said Port and Harbour safe and commodious, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and cannot be proceeded in and carried on without fur- had directed him to report the same, as it appeared ther Duties being granted for that Purpose; and to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his that the Expences of taking down and rebuilding Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks that Part of the said Pier, and of such other Works, Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; will, upon a moderate Computation, amount to viz.

£, 60,000, and upwards; and that the Commissioners To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said have borrowed Money upon the Credit of the Duties Act was read: And

payable by the said Acts, and are also indebted several Mr. Christopher Keld being examined, said, That a Sums of Money on Account of the Works, that have considerable Progress hath been made in amending the been carried on in pursuance of the said Acts, and the Roads comprised in the said Act, in doing which the Petitioners are advised that the Navigation of the said Trustees have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money,

River, Port, and Haven, might be further improved, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads completely and rendered more safe and commodious: And there- repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a be enlarged.

Bill, to reduce into One Act the said several Acts of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Parliament relative to the improving and preserving of for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the said River, Port, and Haven, and to appoint Com- the Fourth Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty, ' missioners with full Power to improve the Navigation of for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to the said River, Port, and Haven, and to raise sufficient Kexby Bridge, in the County of York: And that Sir Duties to be applied towards defraying the Expence of Christopher Sykes and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and improving the same, in such Manner as to the House bring in, the same, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Sir Christopher Sykes reported from the Committee, whilby Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- to whom the Petition of the Trustees whose Names Road. mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall are thereunto subscribed, appointed and elected to put appear to them, to the House: in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the

And it is referred to Sir John Eden, the Earl of Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-Surrcy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow tituled, " An Act for repairing and widening the

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers " Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, " Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane,

Papers, and Records. " in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York "

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and

A Petition of Timothy Hutchinson, Esquire, Lord of found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the the Manor of Egleston, in the County of Durham, and 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of been complied with; and that the Committee had ex-Lands and Tenements within the Township and amined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-Manor of Egleston aforesaid, was presented to the rected him to report the same, as it appeared to House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, them, to the House; and he read the Report iu his within the said Township and Manor, certain Moors, Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, consisting Table: "Where the same was read; and is as followeth> of near 10,000 Acres, certain Parts whereof are viz.

improveable and capable of Cultivation; and that To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said the said Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Act was read: And

Land, in their present State, are of little Value, but if Edward Caley, Esquire, being examined, said, That

Vol. 40. 6 S the

\6Q Februaru. 1785.

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, leading from The* Buck's Head at watting Street to which has been applied according to the Directions^ Beckbury and The New Inn, and from the Birches thereof; that the Sum of £. 900 now remains due, Brook to the Hand Post, in the Parish of Kemberton, which cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in proper in the County of Salop, and for making the same more Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is effectual.

further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and Ordered, That Sir Richard Hitt do carry the Bill to

enlarged. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, A Petition erf the Right honourable Edward Lord Kinnerley,

passed in the Tourth Year of the Reign of His present Clive, Baron Clive, of Plassey, in the Kingdom of Ire- &c.inclosure. Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the land. Lord of the Manors of Kinnerley and Mdverley,

West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, in the County of Salop, and also of the several other to the South End of Loekton Lam, in the Parish of Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Middleton, in the County of York: And that Si? Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within Christopher Sykes and Mr. Buncombe do prepare, and the said Manors, on Behalf of themselves and others, bring in, the same. was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are within the said Manors several Open Arun Navi- A Petition of the Proprietors, Owners, and Occu* Common Fields, and Commons or Waste Lands, be-

gation. pjers of j^and adjoining to the River Arun, in the longing to the Petitioners and others, which in their

County of Sussex, and of divers other Persons inte- present Situation are incapable of any considerable rested in the Navigation of the said River, was pre- Improvement, but it would be of great Benefit and sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Persons the Navigation of the said River is, in several Places, interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided much obstructed by Shoals and other Impediments, and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to and the River is, in many Places, so shallow, as to them, according to their respective Rights and Inrender it very inconvenient for the conveying of terests therein; and that the said Lands, and also Goods and Merchandizes thereon; and that it would other Lands and Grounds within the said Manors, be of great Public Utility to improve the Navigation are frequently overflowed, and it would be very ad-

of the said River from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish vantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if

of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Palknham some Provision was made for the better draining Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be County, by removing the said Shoals, and erecting given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes Locks and Dams; and also, to continue and extend before mentioned, in such Manner as the House shall the Navigation of the said River from the said think proper.

Wharf to a Bridge called Newbridge, in the Parishes Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Hilt, and Mr. Payne Knightr given to bring in One or more Bill, or Bills, for im- do prepare, and bring in, the same, proving the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Bridge called Houghton Bridge, in the Parish Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Faversham, of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to PaUenham whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery &c. Small Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Faver~ l)ebu-County, and also, to continue and extend the Naviga- sham, the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and tion of the said River from PaUenham Wharf aforesaid, the several Parishes of 0springe, Seasalter, and Whit-to Newbridge,. in the said Parishes of Pulborough and stable, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Wisborough Green. Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and found the same to be true; and that the Corn-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him shall appear to them, to the House: to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

And it is referred to the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Pel- Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ham,kc,\ And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Records. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Wiplc’s Ktt- An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles Frederick ingrossed. toralization. was rea(| the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the A Petition of several Trustees for repairing the Whitechapel Title be, An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Roads from the Stones End at Whitechapel Church, Roads. fVtplc. in the County of Middlesex, to Shmfeld, and to the

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to lords, and desire their Concurrence. Epping, in the County of Essex, and several other

Roads in the said County of Essex, and for lighting An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Powers and watching the Road from Whitechapel Church to of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Stratford, was presented to the House, and read;

Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads leading Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Eighth from The Buck's Head at Watling Street to Beckbury Year of the Reign of King George the First, for re-and The New Irm, and from the Birches Brook to the pairing the Highways from the Stone’s End at White-Hand Post, in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County chapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, of Salop, and for making the same more effectual, was and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford,

read the Third Time. leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Essex; and that an Act was passed in the Tenth Year Title be, An Act for continuing the Term and of the Reign of King George the Second, for enlarg-

Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His ing the Term and Powers of the first-mentioned AcV,

x and

Watling Street to Beckbury lloads.

Honiton

Election.

25 Geo. III. 1 6° Februarii$27

and for repairing the Road from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton, through JVanstead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County of Essex; and that another Act was passed in the.Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of the before-mentioned Acts, and for repairing the Road through the Parish of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and that great Progress hath been made in amending the Roads comprised in the said Acts, and a considerable Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, and the lighting of the said Road between Whitechapel and Stratford be continued, unless the Term of the said Acts, which is very near expiring, be further enlarged; and that it would be of great Convenience to the Trustees, and advantageous to the Public, if the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts were consolidated and reduced into One Act, with such Additions and Alterations as may be thought necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bullock, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon (which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last) complaining of an uudue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Petition of Joseph Davy, James Pavey, John Fowle)', and John Burridge, Electors of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That William Mansfield, Joseph Davy, John Burridge, Richard Doleman, John Fowler, John Bring, Charles Ford, and James Pavey, by their Petition to the House, have alledged, That at the last General Election, the Right honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, and Sir George Collier, Knight, who were Candidates for the said Borough, were, by themselves or Agents, guilty of divers Acts of Bribery and Corruption, as in the said Petition mentioned, and, that by undue influence, and Partiality of the Returning Officer, they were returned duly elected as Burgesses in Parliament for the said Borough, though John Baily, Esquire, therein named, hgd the greatest Number of legal Votes, and ought, to have been returned; and further setting forth, That, if the said Petition was signed by the Petitioners the same was so signed previous to, or at the Commencement of the last Session of Parliament, and that the said Richard Doleman hath not, for a long Time past, by himself or any of his Family, been resident in the said Borough; and, the Petitioners being conscious and fully convinced, that the Facts contained in the said Petition, and thereby charged against the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier, and their Agents, or any or either of them, are in Truth totally void of Foundation* and, that the said John Baily had not the greatest Number of legal Votes, nor ought he to have been returned a Burgess or Representative for the said Borough, but that they, Vol. 40.

the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier, were fairly and duly elected such Burgesses and Represea-tatives, do therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to permit the Names of the Petitioners to be struck out of, and withdrawn from, the said Petition, so complaining of the Election of the said Sir George Yonge and Sir George Collier, as aforesaid.

And a Motion being made, That the said Joseph Davy, James Pavey, John Fowler, and John Burridge, have Leave to withdraw the said Petitition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Honiton, so far as the same purports to be the Petition of them the said Joseph Davy, James Pdvey,

John Fowler, and John Burridge;

The House was moved that the Standing Order of the House, of the 18th Day of February 1782;

" That whenever a Motion is made for Leave to " withdraw a Petition complaining of an undue " Election or Return of a Methber to serve in Parikument, the Consideration and Debate thereof shall " not be entered upon immediately, but the Sams " shall be adjourned till such further Day as thfe " House shall think fit to appoint, provided that u Three Days, at the least, Shall intervene between " the Day on which such Motion is made and the " said further Day so to be appointed," might bfc read.

And the same being r^ad accordingly;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Supply Bill; Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made Loans, &c. out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year Ooe thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-four."

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Marine to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Forces* upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. x

A Petition of Thomas Grimslon, Esquire, and the Kilnwick Reverend William Mosey, Clerk, on Behalf of them- Inclosure, selves and others, Owners of, and Persons interested in, the Lands and Grounds hereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are within the Township and Parish of Hilnxvicki in the East Riding of the County of York, certain iminclosed Arable Fields, Pastures, and Commonable Grounds, containing about 900 Acres; which lie intermixed, and are, ia their present State, capable of little Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the respective Proprietors, it would be greatly to their Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting, the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the JPrayen of the said Petition: And that

16* Februarii. 1785.

that Mr. Duncomle and Mr. Spencer Stcmhope do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Hagen'* Nat. Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Fredrick Hendrick Van Hagen was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

East India A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-Affairs. posed, That the Directors of the East India Company do prepare, and lay before this House, Statements of the Salaries and Emoluments belonging to the several Offices and Appointments under the General Department, the Revenue Department, and Commercial Department in Bengal, in the Years 1782 or 1783, compared with their Amount in 1776; distinguishing the Increase, and the Years when such Increase took Place; and also, an Abstract, shewing the fncrease of the Establishments of the Civil Department in Bengal, as they stood at the End of 1783, beyond the Amount of the Establishments in 1776, according to such Compilations as can be formed from Accounts of actual Payments from the Records, and other authentic Documents;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " distinguishing " the Increase, and the Years when such Increase took " Place.’’

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do prepare, and lay before this House, Statements of the Salaries and Emoluments belonging to the several Offices and Appointments under the General Department, the Revenue Department, and Commercial Department in Bengal, in the Years 1782 or 1783, compared with their Amount in 1776; and also, an Abstract, shewing the Increase of the Establishments of the Civil Department in Bengal, as they stood at the End of 1783, beyond the Amount of the Establishments in 1776, according to such Compilations as can be formed from Accounts of actual Payments from the Records and other authentic Documents.

Ditto. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th of April 1784 to the 1st of May 1785.

Accounts to Orda'ed, That such a Number of Copies of the se-be printed. Veral Accounts which were presented to the House by Mr. Tmkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, upon Monday last, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Newfound- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

land Trade Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for confining, for

no a* A me" a r^me the Trade between the Ports of

ncJ the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of 'Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a licence according to the Form thereinto annexed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Rill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the Title be, An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-buWt Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the First Word " for " the Words " authorizing and."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative. *

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereuato annexed.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those' in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th Deeembei' 1784 to 24th December 1785, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Five Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Infantry in the Pay of Great Britain, from 25th June 1784 to the respective Times of their Return, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for 365 Days, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1785, bo referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Allowances to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, of the Amount of Exchequer Fees paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1785, being 365 Days, be referred to the s^id Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, Thfct the Estimate of the Charge of Full

Pay

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

5 Geo. III. 16 — 17° Pebruuriu529

Pay to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of the British arid Irish Establishment of Six Battalions of Foot serving at Gibraltar, in North America, and The West Indies, from 2.5th December 1784 to 24th December 1785, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Marquis of Graham also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Dav being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1785, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1783, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1785.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Ch&ir.

Mr. Brett took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Brett reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they h&d directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 40,

jovis9 IT die Februarii; Anno 25* Georgii lIIlU Regis, 1785.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera5- Doncastfet tion the Petition of the several Persons whose Elation-Names are thereunto Subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the Several Person^ whdse Names are thereunto subscribed; Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of Charles Hitt &nd James Millett, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of thfe Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of d Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House;,

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr; Speaker; and One hundred and Four Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked; the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had beeft before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirteen Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the-Name of William Young, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for Mr. Bouverie> and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Sixteen other Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Abel Smith, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards; and having, at-the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twenty other Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-nine other Mem* bers then present were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Eleven on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Fifteen on Account of their then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete; -

(5 x The

Hagen’s Nat.

Faversham, See. Small Debts.

Whitchurch

Hoads.

Reading

Streets.

530 17° Februa*785

The Counsel for Mr. Conway named Moysey, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ail ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Fredrick Hendrick Van Hagen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Fredrick Hendrick Van Hagen.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Faversham, the Hundreds of Faversham and Boughton, and the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whit stable, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Favei'sham, the Hundreds of Faversham arid Boughton, and the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Line, and from Hinstoek to Nantwich aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlp be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Line, and from Hin-stock to Nantwich aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William Lucas Holdep Holden's to take and use the Surname of Rose, was read the Name. Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlp be, An Act to enable William Lucas Holden to take and use the Surname of Rose. /

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lmvley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Exchequer the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Houses pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-four.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in die last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills* " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four." J

1

The Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 17th Day of February 1785. John Hughson.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Needle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Petition of several Persons residing in, or frequently going to, the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned

Petition, Mr. John Blandy befog examined, said, That the several Streets and Lanes within the Town of Reading are very ill paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are inconvenient to Passengers — That it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets and Lanes were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched.

In Support of the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Blandy being again examined, said. That it would be an additional Convenience and Safety to the Inhabitants, and Persons resorting to the said Town of Reading, if Power was given to remove Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and to prevent the same for the future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Reading, in the 9 Codnty

Ge6< HI. 170 Febfuarii. 551

County of Berks; for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: And that Mr. Neville, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Pye, and Mr. Powney, prepare, and bring in, the same.

Callington Mr. Call presented to the House, according to Order, Roads. a Bill for continuing the Term bf an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading from Callington, in the County of u Cornwall ;" and for widening and repairing the Road leading from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Parish of Stoke Clirnsland, and also the Road from Penterscross, in the Parish of Pillaton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said County: And the same was received; and read the Firfet Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Timberland Mr. Dudley Long presented to the House, according loclusure. to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nottingham Mr* Robert Smith presented to the House, according Small Debts. to Order, a Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses

of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Common Council assembled, and of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other principal Inhabitants of the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that several Retail Shopkeepers, Publicans, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Nottingham, in order to obtain the Establishment of a Court of Requests, under the Sanction and Authority of Parliament, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the said Town, have lately presented their Petition to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose 5 and that the Petitioners conceive, and submit to the Consideration of the House, that a very limited Credit to the common Manufacturer, Mechanic, and Labourer, is ever to be preferred to a more liberal and extensive one; that it calls forth the Exertion of their Diligence and Industry, and, by urging than to labour for the necessary Support and Maintenance of themselves and Families, prevents that Excess and Intemperance, the too frequent Attendance of easy Credit, preserves Sobriety, Respect and Decorum in the lower Orders of Society, and promotes and extends the Welfare and Advantage of the Public in general; and that the Petitioners, from their long Knowledge and Acquaintance with the Trade and Manufactures, and the Condition and Circumstances of the greatest Part of the Inhabiants of the said Town, assure the House,' that they behold with Dread and Concern the numerous Evils which will unavoidably result from the Establishment of such a Judicature; the Publican arid Retailer, sanguine in the Certainty of a short and speedy Remedy for the Recovery of their Demands, and allured by the Prospect of larger Acquirements, will hold forth a delusive and dangerous Credit to the inferior Class of People, which will invite to Irregularity, gradually relax their Industry, and ultimately involve Numbers of them in Calamity and Distress,

Vol. 40.

hot only to the entire Ruin of themselves and Families, but to the great Injury and Prejudice of the Trade and Manufactures of the Town; and that the Petitioners are the more firmly persuaded of the Impropriety and Extravagance of su£h a Tribunal, not only from the above Reasons, but also from there being at present a very easy, ample, and competent.

Provision for the Recovery bf Small Debts within the said Town, by a Court of'Record, held Once in every Fortnight, in which the Mayor and Sheriffs for the Time being preside, and also by a County Court before the Sheriffs, with Trial by Jury: And therefore beseeching, the House, That the Prayer of the said Petition may, not pass into a Law.:

A Petition of the Aldermen, Sheriff, Commoti Council, Livery, Manufacturers, principal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Towtt and County of the Town of Nottingham, was also presented to the Housed arid read; Setting forth, That the said Town is lhrge and populous, and, by rerisori of the many extensivb Trades and Manufactories carried on therein (parti-ciilarly Frame-work Knitting) several Thousands of People are constantly employed, many of whom contract small Debts, and, although well able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragements and Difficulties their Creditors lie under in suing for thfe Recovery thereof by the usual Course of Law, on Account of the Delays and great Expence they are uria1 voidably subject to in such ’Suits; and that the Peti-tioriers conceive, that a speedy and easy Method of recovering Small Debts within the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham would not only tend to remedy the Inconveniences above-mentioned, but tb improve the Trade threof, as ’well as promote Industry and Sobriety, and support useful Credit: And therefore praying, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for the Purposes aforesaid, may, with such Alterations, Provisions, and Regulations, as to the House shall seeni meet, pass into a Law.

And the said Petition's were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the mote speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and County of the Town of Not ting-ham, be read a Second Time.

j.

Mr. Robert Smith presented to the House, according South Cave to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Inclosure. Open Common Fields, Common or Stinted Pastures,

Wolds, logs, Sands, Meadow Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of Yoi'k: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Edward Daxvson, Esquire, Joseph Boult- Osgathorp. foe, Esquire, Theophilus Henry Hastings, Clerk, John Inclosure. Alleyne, Clerk, Thomas Beer, Clerk, and Henry Cropper; Gentleman, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, lying and being within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgathorpe, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Lordship or Liberty, several Open Common Fields, and certain Parcels of Common or Waste Land; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed iri small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are capable only of very small Improvement; but, if the said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waste Land, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit and Advantage to them, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing

Supply Bill Duties on Malt, &r.

Marine Forces.

Supply*

53a 170 Febfuarii. A. 178

the said Open Fields, and Common and Waste Land, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring in, the same*

; Mr. Brett, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces white on Shore was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Marquis of Graham, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the > Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand and Thirty Invalids, amounting to Eighteen thousand and Fifty-three effective Men, Commission and Non-Commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Fifty-five thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-three Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Eighteen thousand and Fifty-three effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay. of Commission and Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and for Riding Masters, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-two thousand and Twenty-one Pounds Four* Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and those in Garrison at Gibraltar, in-

cluding the Charge of the Pay of the Commission, Non* Commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred and Fifty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment, of Six Battalions of Foot serving at Gibraltar, in North Amenca, and the West Indies, including the Charge of the Pay of Commission and Non-Commission Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-Commission Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Seven hundred Eighty-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay, for Three hundred and Sixty-five Days, to reduced or supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Two hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-four thousand Two hundred Twenty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, their Deputies, and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices, for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of* His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year One thousand . Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That it is Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Nine hundred and Four Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five Battalions of His Majesty’s Hanoverian Infantry in the Pay of Great Britain, from the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, to the respective Times of their Return.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-one thousand Two hundred Twenty-six Pounds and Six Pence, and Three Eighth Parts of a Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

The

Mutiny and Desertion.

Goods prohibited to be imported.

Excise Duties.

Duties on Imports from Ireland, &c.

Imports from Ireland.

Exports to Ireland.

Downton

Election.

35 Geo. III. ii° Febr 533

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Oi'dered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Goods prohibited to be imported into, or exported from, Great Bi'itain j distinguishing, in separate and Alphabetical Statements, 1. Goods prohibited to be imported: 2. Goods prohibited to be imported and used in Great Britain: 3. Goods prohibited to be imported for Sale: 4. Goods prohibited to be imported for Sale by any Persons, except made and wrought in Ireland* or taken upon the Seas, or wrecked: 5. Goods' prohibited to be imported for Sale, without Licence from His Majesty: 6. Goods prohibited to be . imported for Sale by Strangers or Aliens: 7. Goods prohibited to be imported except in particular Weights and Packages, or under some other Restriction: S. Goods prohibited to be exported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Table of the Rates of Excise Duties, as granted by the several Acts of Parliament, with the Total Duty on each Commodity; together with the several per Gents thereon, to be completed to the Second Session of the Twenty-fourth Year of His Majesty, inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Goods on which higher Duties are imposed on the Importation from other Countries than from Irelandwith the Quantities from each imported for the Five last Years; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Imports into England from Ireland, for Five Years, ending 25th March 1784; distinguish ing the Quantity and Value, with the Duties payable thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Exports from England to Ireland, for Five Years, ended 25th March 1784; distinguishing the Quantities and Value, and the Duties payable thereon*

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee, delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel, in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List, the Names of William Young and Abel Moysey, Esquires, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows: Sir William Lemon, Baronet, the Honourable Richard Howard) Thomas Scott, Esquire, Gerard Noel Edwards, Esquire, Richard Slater Milnes, Esquire, Sir Edmund Affleck, Baronet, William Praed, Esquire, Francis John Browne, Esquire, Edward Phelips, Esquire, James Amyatt, Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, Henry Addington, Esquire, Sir John Miller, Baronet, William Young, Esquire, Abel. Moysey, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts'; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Vol. 40.

Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of Charles Hill and James Millet, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Third Committee Chamber, appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before Civil Ser-this House, a List of the Civil Servants in Bengal in January 1776, and in January 1784, or as they stood engd‘ by the latest List received from Bengal.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Public whole House, to take into Consideration so much of Account* His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as recommends to the Consideration of the House, the Matters suggested in the Reports of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, and such further Regulations as may appear to be necessary in the different Offices of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Adam Fci'gusson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee,

That they had considered the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to make several Motions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Adam Fergusson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better rajulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty'sNavy, and for transferring the Custody of the Cash for Ordnance Service from the Treasurer of the Ordnance to the Bank of England.

And Sir Adam Fergusson moved the House accord-

ipgly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, and for transferring the Custody of the Cash for Ordnance Service from the Treasurer of the Ordnance to the Bank of England: And that Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr.

Rase, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Adam Fergusson also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom.

And Sir Adam Fergusson moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom: And that Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Adam Fci'gusson likewise reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in 6 U a Bill

Leave of Absence.

Dudley

Navigation,

534

if — 18° Februarii.

A. 1785.

ft Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public. Offices to be therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

And Sir Adam Fergusson moved the House accord-

Jrdered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices to be therein mentioned, to examine bto any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices: And that Sir Adam Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis' of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 18* die;

Anno 25* Georgii III. B Regjs, 1785. Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Mostyn Owen have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on Account of the Death of a near Relation.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, incorporated by virtue of an Act of Parliament,. made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal M within, and from, certain Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley,

" in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation at a Place " called Black Delph, upon Pensnet Chace, in the Pa-

" rish of Kingrwinford, in the County of Stafford," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Petitioners have caused the said Canal to be made and completed, and it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that the same may be conveniently extended, and made Navigable for Boats and other Vessels, from the End of the said Canal, in the said Lands belonging to the said Thomas Talbot Foley, through other Lands in the Parishes of Dudley, Sedgley, and Tipton, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford respectively, to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations at or near Tipton Green, in the said County of Stafford; and that the extending of the said' Dudley Canal, as aforesaid, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and the Public, by opening a Communication with large Tracts of Coal, Limestone, and Ironstone, which lie upon and near to the Libe of such Extension, and by affording a shorter and cheaper Conveyance for Goods and Merchandize between the Town of Birmingham and the Port of Bristol, and other intermediate Places lying on the River Secern: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend the said Dudley Canal, so as to join and communicate with the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, as aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred ‘to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, See.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and Have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Astley presented to the House, according Asfcill to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosue. the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Trustees for the Care and Manage* Lunkthaii ment of the Roads leading from Westminster Ferry, in Ctmberatil the Parish of Lambeth, through Newington and Cam- Ro"ii berwell, to the East End of Peckham Lane, in the Parish of Camberwell, and from Camberwell Green, through Camberwell, to The Fox under the Hill, in the Road leading to Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the said Roads are directed to be repaired by certain Acts of the Sixth and Tenth Years of King George the First, and the Eleventh and Twenty-fifth Years of King George the Second; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to amend and repair the same, there are granted and made payable to them, by virtue of the said Acts, the Annual Sums of £. 100, and £.60, out of the Tolls arising upon the Road leading from the Stones End, at Blackman Street, in the Parishes of Saint George, Southwark, and Saint Mary, Newington, to Highgate, in the Parish of East Grinstead, and certain other Roads in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, and, by virtue of an Act of the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, the Annual Sum of £ 100 (subject to such Deduction of £.10 as therein mentioned) out of the Tolls arising upon the Road leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the said Parish of Saint George, Southwark to Dartford, and certain other Roads comprised in the said Act; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the several Annual Sums made payable to them, as aforesaid, which hath been laid out towards repairing the said Roads, but the said Annual Payments are found insufficient to enable the Petitioners effectually to amend and repair the same, and to discharge the Interest of the Money borrowed; and that the Petitioners find a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the Fourth, the Sixth, and the Tenth Years of King George the First, the Fourth, the Tenth, and the Twenty-fifth Years of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road leading from the Stones End at Blackman Street, to Highgate,

, and other Roads, in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, which Roads communicate with the Roads under tire Care of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, apprehending that the said' Roads might be more effectually amended and kept in Repair than at present, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the same Trustees as the Roads mentioned in the said Petition, have applied to the said Trustees to take the said Roads under their Care, subject to the Payment

of

25 Geo. III.

18® FebruariL

535

of the Debt contracted as aforesaid, and the Interest payable in respect of the same, and the said Trustees have consented thereto, in case they shall be empowered so to do by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, lor discharging the Petitioners from the Care and Management of the said Roads leading from 'Westminster Ferry to the East End of Peckham Lane, and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, and for putting the same under the Care and Management of the said Trustees, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution several Acts of Parliament, of the Fourth, the Sixth, and the Tenth Years of King George the First, the Fourth, the Tenth, and the Twenty-fifth Years of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Stones End at Blackman Street, in the Parishes of Saint George, Southwark, and Saint Mary, Newington, to Highgate, at the Entrance into Ashdown Forest, in the Parish of East Grinstead, and to Sutton and Burton Common, and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell, to join the said Road leading to Highgate, at the Bottom of Bristow Causeway Common, and the Road lying between Nonesuch and Worcester Parks, in the Parish of Cuddington, in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, " several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County " of Caimarthen, and also, several Roads leading from " Llandilo, in the said County/ so far as the same relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads; and also, of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting, forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, with respect to the said District of Roads, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money for defraying the Expence of making and repairing the same, which still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act, so far as relates to the said District of Roads, is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the said Term be enlarged, and some further Powers given for those Purposes; and Alledging, that the Roads leading from the Great Mountain near Thomas Watkin the Collier’s House, in the Parish of Llandebye, in the said County of Carmarthen, over Wainregedfa, by or near John Hugh of Cwmsaide's House, to join the Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Pontyclerk, leading from the Market Town of Llanelly, to the Market Town of Llandilofaxvr, in the said County; also, from the Village of Llandebye, through the River Lash, to the Great Mountain Gate by or near the House of the late John Evan Rees, over the said Great Mountain, in the several, Parishes of Llanvihangel, Abe r by thick, and Llanarthney, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Tow n of Carmarthen through the Village of Llantharog, to Mynidd Ferrws, by or near the House of the late Waite*' Rees Thomas, in the Parish of Llanedy, in the said County; also, from Amman Bridge, in the Parish of Bettws, in the said County of Carmarthen, to a certain Place called Cwmgarming, to and through another Farm called Brynlloy, to or near a certain Place called Giygurwen Mill, to meet the intended Turnpike Road leading from the Market Town of Neath, in the County of

Vol. 40.

Glamorgan, to the Market* Town of Ltandilofaur aforesaid; also, from the River Kehnen, in the Parish of L/andilofawr aforesaid, over Cefen Blewin Farm, by a Place called Llandafane Well, to a Place called Llandaj'ane Forge, and from thence over the Black Mountain, through a certain Farm called Cunhberrach, by the Meeting House, to meet the intended Turnpike Road leading from the said Town of Neath to the said Town of Llandilo, and from a Place called Bryncoch to and over the Black Mountain, to or near a certain Gate called Llydiad Dj, in the said Parish of Llandebye, and from thence to Amman Bridge aforesaid, are, for the most Part, in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers, and, in some Places, impassable for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes adjacent to the said Roads, and to all other Persons having Occasion to pass along the said Roads, if the same were amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious for Travellers and Carriages; and that the said Roads might be conveniently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, if the same were put under the Management of the Trustees for the Care of the said District of Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Llandilo District of Roads, and for amending, w idening, and keeping in Repair, the said new or additional Roads hereinbefore described.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Mansel, Mr. Parry,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Ropemakers within the Port Manufacture of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the of Cordage. Ropemakers within the said Port, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the avoiding of " Deceit used in making and selling of Twice-laid " Cordage, and for the better preserving of the Navy " of this Realm;" but the said Act hath been found insufficient for preventing the Deceits and Frauds therein mentioned; and representing to the House, that various other Frauds and Abuses have for some Time been practised in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, by using Hemp which is damaged, condemned, or of an inferior Sort, the Quality of which, after such Cordage is tarred, is not discernible from sound or staple Hemp; and that the putting a Stop . to the various Deceits, Frauds, and Abuses, now practised in the said Manufacture, might be a Means of restoring and preserving the Credit of the said Manufacture in Foreign Markets, and of preserving the Lives and Properties of many of His Majesty’s Subjects; and that great Quantities of Cordage made and manufactured in Foreign Parts are used and imported by Masters of British Ships and Vessels, without paying the Duties charged upon the Importation of Foreign Cordage, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners and die other Manufacturers of Cordage within this Kingdom, and the Diminution of the Public Revenue; and the Petitioners apprehend, it wQi\jd tend to encourage the Manufacture of Cordage wnWn this Kingdom, and be of Public Benefit, if some further Provision was made for preventing the like Practice for they future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preventing

the

si6

18° Februa.

A. 1785.

the Deceits, Frauds, and Abuses, practised in the ma-nfcfecturirtg of Cordage for Shipping, and for the better regulating the said Manufacture, and for. more effectually recovering the Duties charged upon Foreign Cordage used or imported by Masters of British Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

OrderedThat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Townsend, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Nightingales A Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Road. Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Chamock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mutiny and Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord-Desertion. ingto Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ramsgate A Petition of the Persons whose Names are there-

Paving. unto, subscribed, Inhabitants of, and Land Owners

within, the Vill of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, in Behalf of themselves and many other Inhabitants and Land Owners of the same, was

Presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, hat the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is intended to be offered to the Consideration of Parliament, for paving the Streets of the Vill of Ramsgate, which, if passed into a Law, will be a very unnecessary and heavy Burthen on the Petitioners; that proper Mate-' rials for the Repair of Roads, Flint, Gravel, and Chalk, may be had on the Sea Shore adjoining to the Town, at no other Cost than that of Carriage, and, the Petitioners apprehend, that, to bring other Materials from a Distance, at very high Prices, will be an useless and unnecessary Expence; and that the whole Extent of Roads and Streets to be repaired by the said Town does not exceed Two Miles, and was, till within the last Twenty Years, kept in as good Repair as at present, for the Annual Expence of about £. 13, but of late there has been Annually raised near £ 80 for the same Purpose, which would, if properly applied, be amply sufficient, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, to keep the Roads and Streets in exceeding good Repair; and that the Streets of the said Vill being in many Places only irom Fourteen to Sixteen Feet wide, and in very few above Eighteen, the Petitioners conceive a Foot and Carriage Pavement cannot be made so as that Two Carriages may pass abreast, which will npt only be a great Obstruc- lion to, but may frequently endanger the Lives of, the petitioners and their Families; and that the Mode in wm<ih, as the Petitioners are informed, the Money is proposed to be raised for the Purpose of paving, is unfair, partial, and a heavy Imposition on some particular Trades, and peculiarly burthensome on the Poor,

namely, by continuing the present Highway Assessment of Six Pttice in the Pound on all Rents, and an additional Tax*f One Shilling a Chaldron on Coals, by which Means, few Houses being assessed at above £. 8, no Composition under Two Shillings, and the poorest Family consuming Yearly almost Two Chaldrons, whilst many of the wealthiest burn not more than Four, the most indigent Householders will pay Half as much as their opulent Neighbours; and that the whole Rents of the Town do not, as the Petitioners believe, exceed £ 2,700 a Year, and being already loaded in Poor, Church, and Highway Rates, with Land, House, Window, and Commutation Taxes, to the Amount of near Ten Shillings in the Pound, will, as the Petitioners conceive, be incapable to suppoit an additional Burthen of £ 3,000, which they are informed will be requisite for the Purposes of the said intended Bill; and that Coals are almost the only Fuel in the Town of Ramsgate, which will make any additional Imposition on that necessary Article more severely felt by the poorer Inhabitants; and that, of the Coals landed in the Port of Ramsgate, about One-fourth Part is consumed in the adjacent Country, which, the Petitioners believe, will no longer be the Case, when they can be supplied, at less Expence, from the neighbouring Harbours, and not only be a Detriment to the small Trade of the Town, but occasion a Deficiency in the Tax, which, the Petitioners fear, they shall hereafter be called upon to make good; and that the principal Promoters of the Bill, who style themselves a Committee appointed by the Inhabitants, were chosen at a partial Meeting, to which none were invited, except those who were supposed favourable to the Design, nor have they given any public Notice of their Intention, except by a printed Hand-bill, circulated about the Town previous to the last Session of Parliament, and not since repeated, which the Petitioners apprehend to be contrary to what the Usage in these Cases requires: And therefore praying, That

the intended Bill may not pass into a Law, but, in case the House shall not judge proper to grant the Prayer of this Petition, in that Behalf, the Petitioners intreat that some other Mode may be adopted for raising the Money necessary for carrying the Purposes of the said Bill into Execution, so as that what is said to be intended for the general Good may be supported at the general Expence.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Vill of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Adjoum-the House this Day, adjoprn till Monday Morning raent-next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had.

directed

° Februar

Pickering

Enclosure.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Marston

Montgomery

Inclosure.

Horsham

Hoads.

Debtors Petition,

Westminster

Election.

25 Geo. III. 180 — 21

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing, and leasing or letting a certain Common and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Marston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Deeding Hill, and from Sieyning to the Top of Steyning Hilt, in the County of Sussedwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aldridge, Mr. Thomas Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

537

the Evidence given at the Bar of the House was defective and incomplete, and that further material Evidence may be laid before the House, touching the said Scrutiny: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to produce such Evidence, and to be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, in Support of their said Petition, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Thomas Corbett, Esquire, High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Philips, Esquire, do attend this House at thfc same Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Monday Ways.cnd, Morning next* resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean#-whole House, to consider further o^f Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Teh of the Clock.

Lunas, 21° die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItil Regis, I7$j.

Prayer^.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Convictions Clerk of this House had received, from the of felonies. Sheriff of the County of Suirey, a Return to the Order &c* of the House of the 3d Day of this Instant February,

" That there be laid before this House, an Account " of Persons convicted of Felonies or Misdemeanors,

" and now under Sentence of Imprisonment in the Gaols " and Houses of Correction in the City of London,

" and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Herts,

" Surrey, and Sussex, specifying their respective Crimes,

" the Time when, the Term for which, and by what " Court, each Person has been imprisoned; together <c with an Account of the Allowance made for the " Maintenance of such Persons, and in what Manner " they are employed; " and that the said Return was now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Common Gaol in and for the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and many Thousand other Electors of the City and Liberty Of Westminster, \Vas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, understanding that a Motion had been made in the House, Relative to the Election for Westminster, and that the High Bailiff of the said City, and his Two Assessors, had been ordered to attend, abstained from desiring the House to permit them to offer any Evidence relai-five to the Scrutiny carried on for Westminster, or to be heard by their Counsel in Support of their Rights; that the Petitioners have now Reason to believe, that

Vol. 40.

Mr. Master presented to the House, according tb Gloucester Order, a Bill for building a new Gaol, a House of Gaol. Correction to be used as a Penitentiary House, and other Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John AndreW De Luc was presented to be Luc's the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given Nat. to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Howard and Sir George Howard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Rous reported from th& Committee, to Beccles whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Owners Road* anu Occupiers in the several Parishes through which the Road passes from Beccles, in the County of Suffolk,

6 & to

538 21* Februarit. A. 1785.

to Ip&cich, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Hare being examined, said. That the Road from Becdes to Ipszcich, through Weston, Willingham, Kesgrave, and Rush more, and the other Places mentioned in the Petition, is, from the Nature of the Soil, very deep and ruinous; that it is in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and subject to be much annoyed by Currents of Water; and that it cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being, but that it might be made a good Road, if the Sums of Money specified in the Estimates annexed to the Petition were to be expended thereon.

Thomas Trusson, Esquire, being then examined, said, That the properly amending, widening, and keeping in Repair of the said Road, would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility; and that it would be the Means of shortening the Communication between Ipswich and Yarmouth, by nearly Nine Miles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Ipswich to Beccles, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir John Rous, and Sir Gerard William Vanneck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Colcrne A Petition of several Persons interested in the Com-

Inclosure. mon or Down called Colame Down, and the several Open and Common Arable Fields within the Parish of Colerne, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Open and Common Arable Fields and Down are of very little Value to the Petitioners, and others interested therein, in Proportion to what they might be made, if inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Whitby Sir Christophs Sykes presented to the House, ac-

Road. cording to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and

Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fnxfington, A Petition of Samuel Leehe, Esquire, Lord of the &c. Inclo- Manor of Portsea, in the Parish of Portsea, in the

surs- County of Southampton, and of the several other Persons

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Estates within the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Commons called Frodington, otherwise Fraddington, otherwise Fratton Comnm, and South Sea Common, containing together about 300 Acres, exclusive of the Waste called The Great and Little Morass, and of other Waste Lands

called The Beach, and Sand Banks, which may be greatly improved in Value, if divided into specific Allotments, according to each Persons Right and Interest therein, and inclosed: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And th^t Mr. Jeivoise and Mr. Thistlethwayte do prepare, ancL bring in, the same.

Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, to Rotherham whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Road-an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " amending and widening the Road from the South " End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of " York, to the present Turnpike Road near Plcasley,

" in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the

North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into " the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of " Tankersley Park, in the said County of York," so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, to Tinsley whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Power's of Ro*d-an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in u the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Heneage Earl of Meriden Aylesford, as Lord of the Manor of Meriden, in the Inclosure. County of Warwick, and also of the said Earl, as Patron of the Vicarage, Owner of the Impropriate Tythes, and of about One Third Part of the Open Field Lands and Meadows, and of the Old Inclosed Lands, within the Parish of Meriden aforesaid, and the humble Petition of the Reverend Anthony Bliss, Vicar of the Parish of Meriden aforesaid, and of the several other Owners of Open Field Lands and Meadows, and of Old Inclosed Lands, within the same, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish of Meriden, about 100 Acres of Open Field Lands and Meadows, the Property of several Persons, lying intermixed in small Parcels, and in a Z very

25 Geo. III. 2i° Februariu 539

very inconvenient Manner, in Parts of the Parish re- others, of the County of Suffolk, was presented to the Ipswich, &c.

mote from each other, and subject, at particular Sea- House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners

sons, to a Right of Common over the same, which it find Application is intended to be made to the House1 *

would be greatly for the Advantage of the Proprietors for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing Part of the

to enjoy in Severalty, freed and exonerated from all Road leading from the Borough of Ipswich, in the said

Manner of Rights of Common and Tythes, and for County, to the Borough of Great Yarmouth; and

that Purpose to have specific Shares allotted to them; Alledging, that the Road branching out of the Great

and that there are also, within the said Parish, several Road leading from Ipswich towards Great Yamouth

Old Inclosed Lands, the Proprietors whereof are very aforesaid, at a Place called Beach Lane, in the Parish

desirous that the same should be exonerated from of Darsham, and passing through the Town of Haler-

Tythes, and to make Compensation to the Impropria- worth, by Stone Street, to the Town of Bungay, in the

for and Vicar for their Right of Tythes over the same; said County, is in a ruinous Condition, and very

and that there is, moreover, within the said Parish, a incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and it

Tract of Heath, or Waste, consisting of upwards of would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Iu-

300 Acres of Land, and also, some small Parcels of habitants of the several Parishes adjacent to the said

Land, lying dispersedly about the Parish, subject to Road, and to all others having Occasion to pass there-

the Right of Soil of the said Lord of the Manor, and on, if the same was amended, and rendered safe and

to a Right of Pasturage of the several Owners of commodious, which cannot be done by the ordinary

Estates in Meriden over the same, but which, in their Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provi-

present uncultivated and barren State, yield very little sion may be made in the said Bill for amending and

Advantage to the Persons interested therein; and that repairing the said Branch of Road, and keeping the

the Petitioners are desirous that the said Heath and same in Repair, in such Manner as the House shall

Commonable Places may be applied (after Compen- think proper.

sation to the said Lord of the Manor for his Right of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Soil over the same) as to the Remainder of them, to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-go in Aid of the Satisfaction to be made to the said amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Impropriator and Vicar for their Right of Tythes over shall appear to them, to the House: the said Open Fields and Meadows, and over the Old And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Mr. Grig by.

Inclosed Lands, Heath, and Commonable Places, and, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at if the Shares of the Proprietors of Open Field Lands Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and and Meadows are not of sufficient Value to exonerate have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re-them, then that the Residue of the Satisfaction be cords, made out of their Open Field Lands and Meadows for

such Tythes; but, if the Shares of the Proprietors of A Petition of Thomas Oom, Charles Frederick Bremer, Oom s, &c. Old Inclosures shall not be of sufficient Value to exo- and Daniel Philipp Dobhert, was presented to the Nat. iterate them, then that the Residue of the Satisfaction House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given be made by Annual Payments, or by a Sum in Gross, to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization, so far as relates to the Impropriate Tythes, as shall be Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

agreed between the Parties and the Impropriator; according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And and that the said Proprietors, at a numerous Meeting that Mr. Popham and Mr. Call do prepare, and bring held at the Bull's Head in Maiden, on Saturday the in, the same.

8th of November 1783 (pursuant to Advertisements inserted in the Birmingham and Coventry Newspapers An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Ma- Marine

for that Purpose) entered into Articles of Agreement jesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Forces,

for carrying the said Matters into Execution, for Third Time.

which Purpose they appointed Commissioners to make Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Compensation to the Lord of the Manor for his Right be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Ma-of Soil over the said Heath and Wastes, and to the rine Forces while on Shore:

Impropriator and Vicar for their respective Rights of Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the

Tythes over the said Heath and Wastes, and also, Lords, and desire their Concurrence, over the Open Field Lands and Meadows, and over

the Old Inclosed Lands, within the said Parish, to set- A Bill for naturalizing Simon Tamm, was read a Tamm's Nat.

tie and determine the several Claims of Common Second Time.

Rights both over the Open Fields and Meadows, and Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pop-

Over the said Wastes and Commonable Places, and to ham, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-set out specific Shares for the Proprietors of Open ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Field Lands and Meadows, and to do all other Things Chamber, necessary for completing the said Inclosure and Exoneration; and that the said Commissioners, pursuant A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe- Spalding, to the said Articles of Agreement, have proceeded in cution an Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year &c. Road, and settled the several Matters intended to be carried of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An into Execution under the same; but such Proceedings u Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the cannot be rendered effectual without the Sanction and " High Bridge, in Spalding, to a certain Place called Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, " Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for esta- " Sutton Saint Mary's to Sutton Wash, in the said Wishing and confirming the Provisions made under " County," was presented to the House, and read: the said Articles of Agreement, and the Proceedings Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in of the Commissioners for carrying the same into the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls seem meet. thereby granted, which, together w>ith the Tolls, have

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, been applied according to the Directions of the said pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And Act, and a considerable Sum of Money still remains that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir due; and that the Term of the said Act is near ex-Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the same. piring, and the Money due as aforesaid cannot he

repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, un-A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, arid less the Term of the said Act be continued, and some Vol. 40. further

54° 2i FebruariiA. 1785.

further and other Powers granted to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

I A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ' of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 178,5: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1785: And also.

An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1784.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimates, are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1785.

N*

I. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High

Admiral of Great Britain, &c\ Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -

2. Superannuated Sea Officers..... 27,727

3. Pensions and other Allowances ----- 11,546

4. \ /Chatham - -- 4,200

5. Deptford.....- 3*640

6. v , J Woolwich.....4,057

7.1 9 Portsmouth - - - 6,126

8. Sheerness - - -- -- - 2,434

p.J Plymouth..... - - - 4*946

10. Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

II. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein ——

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, &c\ - ....

15. Half Pay to Sea Officers - -

16. Bounty to Chaplains -

17. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1785.

L «' 47,492 8 1

39.273 5 6

25,45 *8 6

4,508 6 11 78,271 19 8 33.890 5 —

56,043----

199,815----

183,000----

1.231 17 6

6,375 16 -

17 2

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy amounts to the Sum of Six hundred and Seventy-five thousand Three hundred and Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence.

Cha' Middleton, Edwd Geo. Marsh,

Geo. Rogers, Hens loir, E. Le Cras.

NAVY

Navy

Lfctmuta

o

t-

o

NAVY OFFICE, 20th January 1785,

An EST.IM ATE of the Charge of what may Be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other

Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1785.

PLACE WHERE,

Deptford -

D

(Q

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

rT

GUNS.

74

Yacht

.28

24

44

36

32

28

SHIPS NAMES.

Windsor Castle -- Impregnable Vanguard‘ -New -

/ New, for the Prince

[ Royal of Denmark -

Cyclops - -

Proserpine -

Vestal -

Porcupine- - -

Guardian -Expedition -Leda - Inconstant -Pearl

Southampton Dido -Hussar -Lizard -Pomona Tnton -

Building, or Nature of their Repair.

Building -Building -Building

Ordered to be built r

Ordered to be built

f Between Small and Mid,

\ dling Repair - -J Middling Repair f Between Small and Mid-1 \ dling Repair - -j Middling Repair Complete, except Masts anc Complete, except Masts and Complete, except Masts and Complete, except Masts and Complete, except Masts and Complete, except Masts and Complete, except Masts-and Complete, except Masts and Complete, except Masts and Complete, except Masts and Complete, except Masts and

TIME WHEN MAY BE

Taken in Hand.

In Hand In Hand In Hand

Completed.

Uncertain - -.October 1785 -December 1786 Uncertain -

June 1785

June 1785 - - September 1785

In Hand - - June 1785 - -

October 1785 - December 1785

In Hand - - May 1785 - -

Yards -

Yards, and the Rigging and Stores

Yards -

Yards -

Yards -

Y ards

Yards, and the Rigging and Stores Yards, and the Rigging and Stores Yards - -

Yards -

Yards, and the Rigging and Stores

CHARGE OF THEIR TOTAL.

\ / Hulls, Masts, and Yards. \ Rigging and Stores.

L £

- 6,000 - 6,000

- 15,200 6,300 21,500

- 9,000 9,000

- 1,000 - 1,000

- 4,950 " ^950 6,900

- 4,900 - - - 4,900

- 4,600 - 4,600

4,600 - 4,600

- 4,200 - 4,200

- 240 - 240

- 50 4,830 4,880

- 240 - 240

- 240 - 240

- 230 - 230

- 230 230

- 120 2,720 2,840

- 50 2,280 2,330

- 450 - 45o

- 50 - - 50

90: 950 1,040

CM

25 Geo. III. 210 Februariu

D

eg'

n'

CD*

Q_

cr

o

o

n

Woolwich

Chatham -

Sloop

Brig

— Ferret

98

74

5°

40

32

24

Fireship

74

44

32

28

24

20

Sloop

Bomb

Boyne Prince ' -Minotaur -Centurion -Artois

Apollo

Champion -Tisiphone -Tremendous Adventure -Amphion -Astrea Boston Ceres Niger

Maidstone -Sibyl -Amphitrite Narcissus -Savage Term'

100

74

98

9°

74

64

44

32

74

44

.32.

Fireship

Royal George Queen Charlotte Leviathan -Prince George London Arrogant -Alfred Asia -Inflexible -Raisonable -Serapis Brune Alexander -Dolphin Greyhound -Incendiary Megaera *

Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Rigging and Stores Complete, except Rigging and Stores - - - _ .

Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Rigging and Stores

20 , 060

390

3° 950

980

390

980

tn

Building -

Building -

Ordered to be built Large Repair Middling Repair f Between Small and Mid-I \ dling Repair - -j Middling Repair »

Small Repair -Complete, except Masts anc

In Hand In Hand

Uncertain - - -Uncertain -Uncertain - - -September 1785 -December 1785 -'

July 1785 -

February 1785 February 1785

January 1785 August 1785

May 1785 -

In Hand In Hand Yards, and the Rigging and Stores Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Rigging and Stores Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Riggitig and Stores Complete, except Rigging and Stores - - - '

Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Rigging and Stores Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Rigging and Stores Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Rigging and Stores Complete, except the Rigging and Stores - -

Complete, except the Rigging and Stores -

Complete, except the Rigging and Stores

Complete, except the Rigging and Stores -»

Complete, except the Rigging and Stores -

Complete, except the Rigging and Stores -

6,900

15.700

7,600

10,900

5»000

3.000

2.000

1.000 1,400

20

20

20

20

280

2,270

1,920

1,250

1,010

2,9 9°

1,500

2,090

2.000 180

2.000 2,44°

630

580

460

1,600

790

1,670

6,900

15.703

7.600 13.170

6,920

3,oooo-

3.250

2,010

4.399

1,520

2,110

2,000

200

2,020

2,720

630

5S0

460

1.600

79°

1,670

Building

Ordered to be built -Building Middling Repair Middling Repair Small Repair Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Small Repair -Complete, except the Complete, except the Complete, except the Complete, except the Complete, except the

Rigging

Rigging

Rigging

Rigging

Rigging

In Hand - -

In Hand - -In Hand - -

July 1785 - -In Hand - -In Hand - -August 1785 -

February 17S5 -March 1785 June 1785 - -September 1785 and Stores and Stores and Stores and Stores and Stores

Uncertain - - -Uncertain -December 1785 -- -July 1785 - - -Uncertain - - -March 1785 - -April 1785 - -

December 1785 -June 1785 -

August 1785 - -September 1785 -December 1785 -

7.000

4.000 26,290

18.500 8,686 6,600 5,700

10.500 8,100

10.500

3.000 2,030

- 7,000

- 4,000

3,360 19,650

1,740 20,240

- 8,680

1,340 7,940

1,300 7,000

- 10,500

8,100

- 10,500

650 3,650

540 2,570

380 380

300 300

200 200

29O 290

300 300

0,1° Februarii. A. 1785.

g

cq'

i — H

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

t4

Cr

Sheerxess -p

PORTSMOUTH

Plymouth

50 Leopcn'd Building . In Hand - - Uncertain - - . 2,100 — m m 2,100

44 Argo - f Between Small and 1 dling Repair Mid-j September 1785 December 1785 - 6,300 3,000 9,300

— Assurance - - - f Between Small and 1 dling Repair Mid-) -J May 1785 - - August 1785 - - 6,400 2,950 9,350

— Diomede - - Small Repair January 1785 - April 1785 - 4.100 2,740 6,840

98 Saint George - . Building - In Hand - - October 1785 - 19,600 1,230 20,830

Prince of Wales - . Ordered to be built - - - Uncertain - - 1,000 ... 1,000

— Duke - - Small Repair - - In Hand - - March 1785 - - 11,400 ... 11,400

— Barf cur - - f Between Middling t Great Repair and March 1785 October 1785 - - 26,250 1,560 27,810

74 Bellona . - - - Small Repair - - July 1785 - - September 1785 - 7,340 1,320 8,660

Berwick - - f Between Small and \ dling Repair Mid-j September 1785 December 1785 - 12,900 1,450 M,35o

— Bedford _ - Middling Repair - In Hand - - June 1785 - - - 16,900 . i,370 18.270

— Magnificent - - Small Repair - - In Hand - - June 1785 - - - 8,000 1,260 9,260

64 Ruby - - Small Repair - - October 1785 - December 1785 - 6,700 7,850 14,550

Sceptre - - Small Repair - - January 1785 - March 1785 - - 10,200 2,250 12,450

44 j Resistance - - - Small Repair - - June 1785 - - August 1785 - - 3,900 1,100 880 5,oooo

100 Britannia - - - Complete, except the Rigging and Stores 880

— Victory - Complete, except the Rigging and Stores 290 290

74 Montagu - ~ - Complete, except Masts and Yards - - 130 - 130

64 Trident t* - Complete, except Masts and Yards - - 100 - 100

38 Arethusa - - Complete, except the Rigging and Stores 350 350

Prudente - - - Complete, except the Rigging and Stores 360 360

— Minerva - - Complete, except the Rigging and Stores 280 280

36 Perseverance - - Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Rigging and Stores- - 140 830 97°

Thalia - - Complete, except the Rigging and Stores 150 150

— . Santa Margaretta - Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Rigging and Stores 30 600 630

32 Heroine - - Complete, except the Rigging and Stores 1,480 1,480

Quebec - Complete, except Masts and Yards, and the Rigging and Stores - - 30 780 8ro

100 Royal Sovereign m Building - In Hand - - March 1785 - 1,350 _ _ _ i,35o

98 Glory - - Building - In Hand - - Uncertain - - - 7,800 - 7,800

80 Cesar . - Ordered to be built - - Uncertain - - _ 2,000 ... 2,000

50 Medusa - - Building - In Hand - - September 1785 - 7,i5o i,540 8,690

08 Atlas - - Small Repair - - In Hand - - February 1785 - 4,850 4,850

74 Valiant - - Small Repair - - March 1785 September 178,5 - 9,200 1,600 10,800.

64 Africa - - Small Repair - - In Hand . - - June 1785 - 8,200 2,000 10,200

— Magnammc - - Small Repair - - July 1785 - - December 1785 - 9,200 39° 9,590

.52 Leander _ - Small Repair - - May 1785 - - September 1785 - 5,260 1,150 6,410

32 Diana - - Small Repair - - In Hand - - April 1785 - 3,300 3>3oo

64 Belliquciix - - - Complete, except the Masts and 1 ards - - - 130 - 130

- Total King’s Yards - - 413,210 97,870 511,080

tn

o

tfl

O

cn

M E R C H

o

o

o

rT

River Thames

Gravesend

Frindsbury

Sandgate -

Dover

Mistleythorn Harwich *

East Cowes

Siioreiiam *

74 Audacious -

Captain -

Hannibal -

Majestick -

— -

RamilU.es -

Swiftsure -

— Ternble -

Theseus -

Victorious -

- Zealous -

44 Gorgon -

36 Romulus -

32 Aquilon -

Lmvestoffe -

— Solebay -

28 Carysfort -

9* 74 Colossus -

Bellerophon

32 Meleager - -

28 ffoiJ - - >

Alligator - ?

_ Circe

— Lapwing -

- 32 Terpsichore *

74 Excellent -

32 Castor

44 Experiment

64 Veteran -

W — \ Sloop Scorpion *

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Repairing

Building

Repairing

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Built

Building

Building

In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -

In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -In Hand - -

In Hand - -In Hand - -

In Hand - -In Hand - -

August 1785 -May 1786 - -December 1785 February 1785 April 1786 May 1785- -January 1786 -February 1785 May 1786 - -

May 1785 - -September 1785 January 1785 -October 1785 -June 1785 - -December 1785 March 1785 -April 1785 -

February 1786

February. 17'86 February 1785'

July 1785 - -June 1785 - -

March 1785 -March 1785 -

17,280 11,000 18,500 6,450 8,170 14,270 *5,750

6.950

7.950 7,000

14,600

2,120

6,440

3,99°

10,300

3,930

3,150

2.990 2-990

2.990

2,766

2,600

3,050

3,280

1,250

2,960

3,630

1,880

4,260

1,160

20,276

11,000

21,490

9,440

8,170

17,030

15,750 9,550 7,950 10,050 17,880

3,37o

9,4oo

7,620

12,180

8,190

4,3io

10,920

10,920

6,600

2,700

3.200 3,750

3.200

3.200

1,630

2.440

2.440

2.440

3,200

6,600

4,330

5.640 6,190

5.640 6,400

In Hand

May 1785

6,000

1,200

7,200

In Hand In Hand

In Hand In Hand

February 1786 March 1785 *

7,56o

5,180

1,846

7,56o

7.020

February 17 SO

2.000

6.000

2,000

6,006

March 1785 - -

920

r*i

920 -OO Cm

.2.1° Februarii.

Northam - 74 Saturn -

64 Stately - -

44 Regulus -

Bursledon - 74 Elephant -

44 Dover -

Woolwich -

32 Blonde -

Blanche

Bucklershard - 74 Illustrious -

44 Sheerness -

Itchenor - - - 44 Chichester -

Bristol - - 64 Nassau -

44 Severn -

36 Melampus -

Liverpool - 24 Squirrel -

Building

Built

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

N

D

CQ

f — H

n'

CD

Q_

CJ

n

In Hand

February 1786

In Hand

January 1785

In Hand - In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand

January 1786 February 1786 November 1785 March 1786 -March 1786 -

In Hand In Hand

July 1786 - -March 1786 -

In Hand

March 1785

In Hand In Hand In Hand

June 1785 May 1785 - -February 1785

In Hand

July 1785 - -

Total Merchants Yards -

Total King’s Yards -Grand Total for the Ships -

11,000 m n,oooo

3>40o 3,400

" 2,000 2,000

- 11,500 3,54 15,040

- 4,48o 500 4,980

- 5,960 410 6,370

- 1,840 270 2,110

- 3,180 130 3.310

- 10,300 1-0,300

4,700 20a 4,900

- 2,330 200 2,530

8,260 1,760 10,020-

- 7,000 300 7,300

- 4,450 4,450

- 3,960 210 4,170

- 303,440 58,5,0 361,950

- 413,210 97,870 511;08o

£ 716,650 156,380 873,030

cn

o

w

o

Ol

Deptford -Woolwich -Chatham Portsmouth

Plymouth* -

Gibraltar -

On WORKS of the YARDS.

Oi

Towards Improvements in the Victualling Premisses at The Red House

4,000

To completing the Inside Works of the new Offices for the Clerk of the Checque, and other Officers

800

To completing the new Storehouse on the Anchor Wharf.

1,000

To 210 Feet in Length of Stone Wharf to the Landing Hulk ——

To 100 Feet in Length of Stone Wharf to the South Side of The Watering Island ——

To building a new House and Offices for the Commissioner, and a Wall round the Garden ——

To 220 Feet in Length of Stone Wharf to the South End of the Boat Pound -

To 300 Feet in Length of Stone Wharf in Front of the Boathouse Slip, and framing and fixing the Ways

To complete the North Slip on the new Ground ——

To carrying on the Works of the Horse Engine ——

To building a new Chapel -

Towards Improvements in the Victualling Premisses at Weevil - -/-

Towards carrying on 150 Feet in Length of Wharf Wall at the East Side of the Mast Pond, with Four Walls for forming the Locks for Masts, and Four Bays of Plank Houses over them ——

Towards digging Rock and Rubble in levelling Whitchouse Hill ——

Towards building the South Pier, Drains, Well, and Part of the South Side of the new Dock - - - - .

To building Part of the Engine Houses, and Five Penstocks at the new Dock - - - , -

To completing the Marine Barracks, with a Sutfling House and Infirmary at Stonehouse, near Plymouth -

To completing a Pound at Tar Point for the Reception of Shingle Ballast ——

8,200

5,30o

6,540

8,600

9,800

2,200

930

1,850

1,000

6,200

830

8,000

800

1,600

1,260

For reinstating the Buildings, and repairing the Storehouses, Sheds, and other Buildings, destroyed during the Siege To erecting a Wharf at the New Mole ——

Total -Total for the Ships brought forward

Gbavd Total

4,000

1,500

74,410

873,030

947,440

21* Februarii. 4, 1785.

A B S T

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards

For the Ships in Merchants Yards -

Towards the Improvements in the Yards - -- - 74,410

Grand Total £. 947,440

Viz1

The Sutn of Nine hundred Forty-seven thousand Four hundred and Forty Pounds.

Chai Middleton, Edzi/* Hunt, Geo. Marsk%

Geo. Rogers, J. Hens low, E. Le Cras.

R A C T.

fHulls - . 413,210] &

J > - - 511,080

Rigging and Stores - - 97,87oJ

fHulls - - 303,440]

> - - 36i,950

[Rigging and Stores - - 58,510 J

N. B. The Ships in this Estimate are the most proper Objects of Expence, under the present View of the Works carrying on at His Majesty’s several Yards; and the Sums that may be laid out upon them calculated accordingly.

But in the Course of the Survey of the Fleet, it may be found that other Ships are in a better Condition than those here proposed, and that it will be more beneficial to the Service to give them a Preference: It will, in such Case, become necessary to apply the Money accordingly.

(j %

0 *

0 03

FT

or

25 Geo. III. 21® .

a

i® Februarii.

A. 1785.

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter 7th February 1785./ mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1784-

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Particulars.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports:

Due to pay off* and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, &ca. supplied for the Service thereof -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c\ and for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1784, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - -

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf -

jr. s. d.

6,288,225 3 8

223,671- 3 5 > 152,936 -

132,184 3 10

TOTAL.

& s. d.

6,797,016 10 ll

Seamen’s Wages:

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off

To Ships in Sea Pay, on the aforesaid 31st December 1784 -To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Clothes, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, &c\ -

1,002,430 14 8 ' 56i,334 6 4 >

124,398 6 1 ,

1,688,163 7 1

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz*.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the 31st December 1784 -For Necessary Money, Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports....

28,849 16 7 N 2,932,422 12 10

10,957 7 10 k 47*823 *9 9 8,520----->

3,028,573 17 —

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners:

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office The Total amounts to the Sum of Eleven Millions Five hundred and Ninety-four thousand Five hundred and Seven Pounds, Eight Shillings and Eight Pence -From thence deducting the Money in the Treasurer s Hands - as on the other And the Money that remained to Side.

come in of the Supplies -I The Debt will then be Ten Millions Seven hundred and Ninety-two thousand Eight hundred Eighty-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence One Farthing

80,753 13 8

- n>594,507 8 8

255,777 9 4 545,843 4 ioJJ

" - - L

801,620 14 2i

10,792,886 14 5i

Memdm. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between the 1st January and 31st December

1784.....- - -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, which is also included in this Debt, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers and Convicts, between 1st January 1784 and 31st December following, is

180,334 7 9 7,137 12 ,3i

L

187,472

Mem*1:

Memta: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1784, in Money, as undermentioned; and may be reckoned towards <J 1 satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy. ‘ <j\


Q

M

a

o

IN

WHAT TREASURER’. HANDS.

IN MONEY.

Right honourable Welhorc Ellis, Esquire

Right honourable Isaac Barrt, Esquire

Right honourable Henry Dundas 1st

Right honourable Charles Tmnshend

Right honourable Henry Dundas 2d.

fin Money -

\Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

{In Money -

Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

fin Money - -

\Ditto towards the Debt for Sick^and Hurt Seamen

{In Money -

Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

fin Money -

\Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen

i-

ON THE HEADS OF

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports.

£ * d. 5,449 17 7i

3,289 9 10

3,738 6 9*

3,695 16 2 i 86,502 4 6 i

102,675 14 11 {

Seamen's

Wages.

£ d.

4,977 »4 5 "2 19 5

25,041 14 7-14 17 9

8,273 17 9* 6 2 11

43,902 10 2 } 218 13 2

29,077 4 8 5,621 6 1

117,247 1 —

Victuals.

/; 3. d.

1,813 10 8 |

470 9 8 743 6 10 |j 1,035 1 10 fj 31,792 4 21

35,854 13 4j

TOTAL.

£ d.

12,354 2 2

28,816 11 10 £

12,761 14 4 Hf O

48,852 r r

152,992:19 6 3-

255,777 9 4

o

(Q

n‘

CD

CL

O’

o

o

o

FT

There remained, on the 31st December 1784, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1784

£ s. d.

545,843 4 10 {

Mem —; The Debt of the Navy between the 1st January and 31st December 1784, has been reduced by the Sum of 5,945 g00 , .

to an Act of the last Session of Parliament ’ emS the Amount of Navy,

Victualling Bills, subscribed into 5 per Cent. Baok Annuities, pursuant 1

Cfuf, . Edw{.

Transport and

Geo. Marsh, Geo. Rogers,

w~ Campbell,

J. Hens low.

<in

Honiton

Election.

Supply.

South Cave inclosurt.

Pickering

Inclosure.

550 ar Febrmm. A. 1785.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Mqtion, rqade upon Wednesday last, That Joseph Davy, James Pavey, John Fowler, and John Burridge, have Leave to withdraw the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Rah1111 h>r the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, so far as the same purports to be the Petition of them the said Jowph Davy, James Pavey, John Fowler, and John Burridge.

And the Right" honourable Sir George Yonge, Baronet, and Sir George Collier, the Sitting Members, having, in their Places, acquainted the House, that they consented to the withdrawing of the said Petition, so far as the same purports to be the Petition of thpm the said Joseph Davy, James Pavey, Joky Fowler, and John Burridge;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 9th Day of this Instant February, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Thursday the ad Day of June next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That -the said Order be discharged, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, so far as the same purports to be the Petition of them the said Joseph Davy, James Pavey, John Fowler} and John Burridge.

Ordered, That the said Joseph Dfivy, James Pavey, John Fowler, end John Bwridge, have Leave to withdraw the said Petition, so far as the game purports to be the Petition of them the said Joseph pavy, James Pavey, John Fowler, and John Burridge.

Mr* Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to coaster further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution whijch the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thit the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying oflf and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of An Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans* or Exchequer Bills, for the Service u of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-four/’ and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question pqt thereupon, agreed to by the Hqjjse.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common or Stinted Pastures, Wolds, Inga, Sands, Meadow Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Smith, the Lord Mahon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Namea are thereunto set and subscribed, on behalf of themseiyes and others, ‘Owners of Estates within the Manor and Parish of Pickering, in tins North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclp§ing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York;

9

ftnd Setting forth* That the Petitioners are convinced that the Proportion of Land intended to be allotted to them by the said Bill will not fye a reasonable Allow-

Sce for their Rights and Interests in and over the mds and Grounds which are the Object of the Bill, and, that the Petitioners have other Objections to make to the said Bill: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, or so much thereof as may prejudice them, or affect their Properties within the said Manor and Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices Who come to the Committee to whom the said Bil[ is committed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Fees, tec. of a Rill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to fbem for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Trade of House, by His Majesty’s Command, Irelan<i*

An Account of the Export Trade from Ireland to Great Britain, for Five Years, ending the 25th March 1784, distinguishing the Quantity, estimated Rate of Value, and the Net Rate of Duties payable at Exportation for the last Year: And also,

An Amount of the Inppprts into Ireland from Africa and America, for Five Years, ending 25th March 1784, distinguishing the Quantities, and Rates of Values, with the Rates of Duties in the last Year: And also,

An Account of the Exports from Ireland to Africa and America, for Five Years, ending the 25th March 1784, distinguishing the Quantities, and Rates of Values, with the Rates of D.uties so the last Year: And also,

An Account of the Imports into Deland from Great Britain, for Five Years, ending the 25th of March 1784, distinguishing the Quantity, and Rate of Value, with the Duties now payable at Importation.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Oidered, That the said, Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the Papers of this Session.

Mr. ViUiers, from the Select Committee who were Lyme Reps appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Election. Petition of Robert Wood, Esquire, and John Cator,

Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Resident Freemen* and Resident Freeholders, of and in die Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That

5 Geo. III.

That the Honourable Henry Pane is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Honourable Thomas Fane is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

estminster Ordered\ That the Orders of the t)ay, for hearing

ection. Counsel at the Bar of this House in Support of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there5-unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and many Thousand other Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster (which was presented to the House upon Friday last); and also, for the Attendance of the High Bailiff of the City of [Westminster, and John Philips, Esquire, be now read.

And the said Orders were read accordingly;

And the House being informed, . that Counsel at* tended in Support of the said Petition;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Counsel be called in;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " and that the Counsel be restrained from

going into any Matters, but such as tend to prove 41 the Evidence* offered at the Bar of this House on u Wednesday the 9th Day of this Instant February, " defective and incomplete, or such other Matters as " may have been discovered since the Order of this u House of the same Date;"

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out from the first " as" to the End of the Amendment, in order to insert the Words, " the said Electors pray to be heard <c upon in the said Petition, and upon which the " House have ordered that they shall be heard by " their Counsel, at the Bar of this House," instead thereof.

And the said last proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put, That the Words " and that the Counsel be restrained from going into <c any Matters, but such as tend to prove the Evidence, offered at the Bar of this House on Wednes* u day the 9th Day of this Instant February, defective " and incomplete, or such other Matters as may have " been discovered since the Order of this House of <c the same Date," be added at the End of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,) 203,

TcUers for the Noes, }.«.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That the Counsel be called in; and that the Counsel be restrained from going into any Matters, but such as tend to prove the Evidence, offered at the Bar of this House on Wednesday the 9th Day of this Instant February, defective and incomplete, or such other Matters as may have been discovered since the Order of this House of the same Date.

Then the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the Counsel with the said Resolution.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners informed the House, That, the House having come to that Resolution, the Counsel declined offering any Thing to the House in Support of the said Petition.

Vo l. 40.

Februariu 551

Arid then they ware directed to withdraw.

Then the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster was called in to the Bar, and examined.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it appearing to this House, that Thomas Corbett, Esquire, High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, having received a Precept from the Sheriff of Middlesex for electing Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City* and having taken and finally closed the Poll on the 17th Day of May last, being the Day next before the Day of the Return of the said Writ, he be now directed forthwith to make Return of his Precept of Members chosen in pursuance thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {gheriL: }

Tellers for the Noes, {m Z Robl ' } H5‘

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Wayssnd Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mwm* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martin, 22* dieFebruarii s

Anno 25* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1785.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Newport, tion the Petition of John Barrington, Esquire, Meof Wight, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Election-Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty-three Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And

55$ a2° Februarii. '

And the Names of Forty-two Members then present, enlarging the Term and Powers bf an Act, of the Fifth Were drawn, who were not objected to Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening,

And the Name of the Lord Arden being drawn, he and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also by the Counsel for the Petitioner, and his Name was several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County*

set aside. so far as relates to the Lla?idilo District of the said

And the Names of Seven other Members then present, Roads; and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the

were drawn, who were not objected to Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near Kenncn

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Bridge to Grygyiwen Mill, and from thence to the Names, the Names of Seventeen other Mein- Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge^ and from the said bers, then present, were drawn, and set aside Turnpike Road near Amman Bridge to Bryncoch, and from with the Names of those who were absent from Pont y Clerck, to join the Carmarthen Turnpike Road, the House; Two, on Account of their being near the House of JValtei' Rhys Thomas, and from John Sixty Years of Age, or upw ards, w’hich they had Evan Rees's House, to join the last mentioned Turnpike before verified upon Oath; Eight, on Account Road near the House of Rhys Walter, in the County of their being Members against wdiose Returns of Carmarthen: And that Sir William Mansell and

Petitions were depending; One, on Account of Mr. John George Philipps do prepare, and bring in*

his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining the same, of an undue Election and Return; and Six,

on Account of their then serving on Select A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in CalHngtod Committees. the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Roads.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so intituled, il An Act for repairing and widening several drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being " Roads leading from Callington, in the County of complete; Cormvalland for widening and repairing the Road

The -Counsel for the Sitting Member named Henry leading from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Parish of James Pye, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Com- Stoke Climsland\ and also the Road from Penterscross, mitlee. in the Parish of Pillaton, to a Place called The Fighting

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were de- Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said livered by the Clerk to the said Counsel. County, was read a Second Time.

And the Door of the House being opened; Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Or-

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew. chard, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Sir William Mansell reported from the Committee, Chamber, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into

Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Mr. Harvard presented to the House, according to De Luc's Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Andrew De Lac: Nat.

" An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in And the same was received; and read the First " Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in Time.

c the County of Carmarthen, and also, several Roads Resolved\ That the Bill be read a Second Time.

" leading from Llandilo, in the said County," so far

as the same relates to the Llandilo District of the said Mr. Mar sham reported from the Committee, to uiddendea

Roads, and also of several Gentlemen Freeholders, whom the Bill for continuing an Act of the Sixth Road, and others of the said County, was referred; That Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widen-the Committee had examined, and found that the ing the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter Ashford to Fevershaffi, at a Place called Bound Gate, of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the was committed 5 That the Committee had examined same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, at the Clerk’s Table; W here the same was read; and is and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had as followeth; viz. directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Act was read: And, # the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Peter Dubuisson, Esquire, being examined, said, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of a Second Time, One by One; and, "upon the Ques-the said Act, with respect to the Second District of the tion severally put thereupon, w ere agreed to by the said Roads, and have borrowed several Sums of Money House.

for that Purpose; — That the Sum of £. 2,500 so bor- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be rowed now' remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the ingrossed. said District of Roads kept in good Repair, unless the

Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Ramsgatt Powers granted. whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Vill of Paving.

And the Witness further said, That the several Pieces Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, of Road described in the Petition, and lying within \the whose Names are thereunto subscribed, w as referred; said County of Carmarthen, are in a ruinous Condition, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the narrow and incommodious for Travellers, and in some said Petition; and had directed him to report the same,

Places impassable for Carnages, and cannot be effec- as it appeared to them, to the House'; and he read the tually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Course of Law*. Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

Mr. Thomas Thomas confirmed the above Evidence; followeth; viz. and added, That if Powers were granted for repairing To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr; and widening the said Roads, and keeping the same in Joseph Stead, an Inhabitant of Ramsgate, being exa-Repair, it would be of great Convenience to the Neigh- mined, said, That the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, bourhood, and also oi public Utility. within the said Vill, are very ill paved, insufficiently

Oi'dtred, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighted and wratched, and rendered incommodious by

divers

hill

:losure.

sard

:losure.

st India

fairs.

mnfs Nat.

25 Geo. III. 'I 'P FebruariL553

divers Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions — That the Inhabitants of the said Vill, and all Persons resorting thereto, suffer great Inconvenierice for Want of a regular Market therein — That the said Vill has of late Years encreased greatly in Size and Population, and is much resorted to by Strangers; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons residing the re, or resorting thereto, if proper Powers were given for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and Places therein, and for establishing a Market there — That if Power was given to collect a Duty of One Shilling per Chaldron on Coals brought into the said Vill, and the Produce thereof was applied in Aid of the present Resources of the said Vill, and the Money already raised by voluntary Subscriptions, a sufficient Fund would be raised for paving the said Vill, and for lighting and watching the same, at such Times as shall be necessary for the Safety of the Inhabitants and Persons resorting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Market House, and holding a public Market in the said Vill: And that Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honeywood\ Mr. Stephens, and Mr. Brett, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commqn Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Astley, Mr. Brett, &c.: And they’are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Waste or Common, called Lizard Common, within the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shijjiial, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Philip Jennings Clerke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Mortonf from the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. List of the Civil Servants at Fort William in Bengal, on the 25th of March 1776: And also,

N° 2. List of the Civil Servants at Fort William, in Bengal, on the Sth of November 1783.

Together with a List of the said Papers,

And then he withdrew. '

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Simon Tamm, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Manufacturers and Bleachers Vol. 40,

of, and Dealers in, Linens, within the respective Counties of York and Durham, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That there is a very considerable Manufacture of Linens carried on in the said Counties, but that Deceits and Frauds are often practised therein, as well by the false reeling of the Yarn spun within the same Counties, as by many of the Manufacturer^ making Sale of Pieces of such Linens for a greater Length and Width than the same are really of, and also by selling damaged Pieces of such Linens for such as are sound or undamaged, to the great Discredit of the said Manufacture, and the Prejudice of the fair Trader; and that the putting a Stop to the Deceits and Frauds before mentioned may be a Means of restoring and preserving the Credit, and encouraging the said Manufacture within the said respective Counties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the Deceits and Frauds practised as aforesaid within the said Counties of York and Durham, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House, shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncomhe, Sir John Eden, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Names of such Members as, upon Tuesday last, made Default to appear, were called over, and several of them appeared; and the Names of such Members as now made Default to appear, were taken down.

And the Names of such Defaulters being again called over, several of them appeared; and the rest of them (except Richard Slater Milnes, Esquire, Thomas Peter Legh, Esquire, John Harrison, Esquire, William Pulteney, Esquire, Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, Abel Moysey, Esquire, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esquire, William Adam, Esquire, Francis Charteris, Esquire, and Francis Humberstoun Mackenzie, Esquire) were excused, either on Account of their, own Illness; or of the Illness or Death of a near Relation, or as being Abroad.

The Name of Richard Slater Milnes, Esquire, being called over, and he hot appearing;

Ordered, That Rickard Slater Milnes, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Name of Thomas Peter Legh, Esquire, being called over, and he not appearing;

Ordered, That Thomas Peter Legh, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Name of John Harrison, Esquire, being called over, and he not appearing;

7 B Ordered,

Linen Mena-facture.

Fees, &c. of

Public

Offices.

Defaulters at Call of the House.

22* Februarii.

A. 1785.

Ordered\ Tha,t John ffarrison, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The Name of William Pulteney, Esquire, being called over, and be not appearing;

Ordered, That William Pulteney, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Name of Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, being galled over, and he not appearing;

Ordered, That Thomas Whitmore, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Seven-night.

The Name of Abel Moysey, Esquire, being called over, and he not appearing;

Ordered, That Abel Moysey, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning,

The Name of Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esquire, being called over, and he not appearing;

Ordered, That Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Name of William Adam, Esquire, being called over, and he not appearing;

Ordered, That William Adam, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Name of Francis Charteris, Esquire, being called over, and he not appearing;

Ordered, That Francis Charteris, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House, Tomorrow Morning.

The Name of Francis Humberstoun Mackenzie, Esquire, being called over, and he not appearing;

Ordered, That Francis Humberstoun Mackenzie, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House upon this Day Fortnight, the 8th Day of March next.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Account were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of, Copies of the said Papers and Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyrn, Trade of from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at Ire, and* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Goods on which higher Duties are imposed on the Importation from other Countries than from Ireland, with the Quantities of each imported for the last Five Years, ending at Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Imports into England from Ireland, for Five Years, ending Christmas 1783; distinguishing the Quantity and Value, with the Duty payable thereon: And also,

An Account of the Exports from England into Ireland, for Five Years, ending Christmas 1783; distinguishing the Quantity and Value, with the Duties drawn back thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantity and Value of Goods, the Produce and Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from England to Ireland, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783; distingushing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Newport, The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Isle of Wight again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at-Elecuou. tend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Lord Arden and Henry James Pye, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows: Benjamin Bond Hopkins, Esquire, Watkin Williams, Esquire, John Hill, Esquire, George Vansittart, Esquire, David Howell, Esquire, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Thomas Fitzherbert, Esquire, William Lygon, Esquire, George Jennings, Esquire, Thomas Kemp, Esquire, William McCormack, Esquire, William Pierce Ashe A'Court, Esquire, Henry Duncombe, Esquire, the Lord Arden, Henry James Pye, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Barrington, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in the Third Committee Chamber, ap-' pointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

Trade of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the I relaud. House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copies of the Resolutions of the Houses of Lords and Commons in Ireland, Sabbati 12® Februarii 1785: And also.

Copy of a Resolution of the Houses' of Lords and Commons in Ireland, Mercurii 160 Februarii 1785: And also,

An Account of the Duties payable on the like Species of Goods being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, imported into Great Britain from Ireland, and into Ireland from Great Britain, respectively.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Commercial solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Iwtercourae consider of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious With Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Copies of the Resolutions of the Houses of Lords and Commons in Ireland, of the 12th and 16th Days of this Instant February, which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by llis Majestyrs Command, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade of Great Britain and Ireland, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the4 se- Accounts to veral Accounts which were this Day presented to the bepnnlci House by Mr. Tomkyrn, from the Commissioners of the Customs, he printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

ie

25 Geo. III. 230 Februarii*555

'Mercurii, 23* die

Anno 25® Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

Prayers,

St. Mary IR Joseph Mcrwbey reported from the Committee,

Be^mondse w^om the Petition of the several Persons whose Sheets!* Names are thereunto set, Inhabitants of the Waterside Division of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, in Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants of the said Division, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

' Mr. Thomas Carter being examined, said, That he knows the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and other Places within the said Division of the said Parish — That the same are very ill paved and cleansed, and badly lighted, and in some Places very narrow and incommodious, and dangerous not only to the Inhabitants, but to all others passing thereon; and that the same are greatly incumbered with Posts and Gutters, and other Obstructions projecting into and over the same.

That, there is no regular Watch within the said Division of the said Parish, for Want whereof the Houses, Persons, and Property of the Inhabitants, and others, are greatly exposed to the Violence of Robbers, and other wicked Disturbers of the public Peace — And the Witness added, That if proper Powers were given to pave, cleanse, light, watch, widen, and regulate the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the said Division of the said Parish, and to remove all Annoyances and Obstructions, by Spouts, Signs, Gutters, Cellars, Bulks, Penthouses, Steps, Po3ts, Filthy and other Annoyances; and to prevent the same for the future, it would greatly tend to the Health and Convenience, as well as to the Safety, of the Inhabitants of the said Division of the said Parish, and be of great public Utility.

Mr. William Brent being then examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paring, widening, cleansing, lighting, and 'watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, called The Waterside Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching such Part of the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New. Street, in Southwark, to Deptford\ in the County of Kent, as lies within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish, and for other Purposes: And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Mr. Norton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

ddenden An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act, of the Sixth ,ad* , Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden 'and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Bidden den, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, Vo 1. 40.

to join the Turnpike* Road which leads frorw Ashfordto Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do^canythe^ Bill t*> the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers* Rotherham of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Road.

King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending " and widening the Road from the South End of the,

" Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to ti*q " present Turnpike Road near Pleasley^ in the Count#

" of Derby, and also the Road from the North End " of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present " Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankersley. Park,

" in the said County of York," so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley aforesaid was, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of aq Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending " and widening the Road from the South End of the " Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to " the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in thq " County of Derby, and also the Road from the " North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into " the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of cc Tankersley Park, in the said County of York," sa far as the same relates to the Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley> aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Galley Knight do. carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for. enlarging the Term and Powers Tinsley of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Road.

King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending " and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County " of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said " County."

Ordered, That Mr. Galley Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to Ipswich, &c. whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Roads, and others, of the County of Suffolk, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that1 the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; but that Mr. Peter Jermyv, Junior, informed the Committee, that the Persons who have signed the said Petition were prevented complying' with the Standing Orders, because the Notices which were regularly given to apply to Parliament for thQ Act, under which these Petitioners pray that the Roads described in their Petition may be included, were not inserted in the Newspapers till the Three last Weeks in the Month of September; and that he had proved to the Committee, that Notices in the usual Form had been inserted in the County Newspaper Three Times in the Months of December and January last, and affixed at the Sessions House of the County' at the last Christmas Quarter Session; and that the-Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is aa* foliow?eth; viz.

556 23° Februarii. A. 1785.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. ting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that a Peti-John Hare being examined, said, That the Road tion has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill branching out of the great Road leading from Ipswich for making a Bridge over an Ann of the Sea, between towards Great Yarmouth, at a Place called Beach Lane, the Counties of Anglesey and Carnarcm, called The in the Parish of Darsham, and passing through the Streights of Menai, at a Place, near Porthaetlmy Ferry,

Town of Halesworth, by Sto?te Street, to the Town of called Ynysgeint; and Alledging, that the free Navi-Bungay, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, gation of The Streights of Menai is an Object of very incommodious for Travellers, and at some Times public Importance, the said Streights being Navigable of the Year impassable for Carriages — That it would throughout for Vessels of very large Burthen, and fre-be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of quested Annually by several Thousand Sail of Vessels, public Utility, to have the said Branch of Road pro- loaded with different and valuable Merchandize, and perly amended, widened, and kept in Repair — That the the making a Bridge, as aforesaid, will very materially same cannot be done by the Laws in being, but may injure the Navigation of The Streights of Menai, and . easily be effected by including the said Branch of Road thereby be detrimental to the Trade and Commerce, in the Bill now depending in Parliament for repairing Maritime Strength and Revenue, of this Nation, and Part of the Road leading from the said Borough of to the Interests of "the Petitioners in particular: And IpSicick to the Borough of Great Yamouth. therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them-

The House was moved, That the Entry in^ the selves or their Counsel, against the Bill for making a Journal of the House, of the 14th Day of February Bridge as aforesaid.

1781, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Report Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upoa the which was made from the Committee, to whom the Table, until the Report be received from the Competition of the Trustees for repairing the Road from mittee to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and Kettering, in the County of Northampton, to Newport the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, was referred, might be others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts read. of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland*

And the same being read accordingly; is referred. 1

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for the Defaulters at amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Attendance of Richard Slater Milnes, Esquire, Thomas Call of the Ipsxcich to Btccles, in the County of Suffolk, That they Peter Legh, Esquire, William Pulteney, Esquire, Abel ouse* do make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and Moysey, Esquire, Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Esquire, keeping in Repair the Boad branching out of the said William Adam, Esquire, and Francis Charteris, Esquire,

Road at Beach Lane, in the Parish of Darsham, and be now read.

leading to Bungay, in the said County. And the said Orders being read accordingly;

The Names of the said Members were severally

Ramsgate Mr. Marsham, presented to the House, according to called, and they appeared.

paving/ Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, repairing,

lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs Blackfrian

of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, of the City of London attended at the Door; he was Bnd§e*

and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

and for erecting a Market House, and holding a Public A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and '

Market in the said Vill: And the same was received; Commons of the City of London, in Common Council

and read the First Time. assembled.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth,

Nightingales Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, That, by an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of

Hoad. to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and en- the Reign of His late Majesty, the Petitioners were

larging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in impowered to build a Bridge cross the River Thames,

the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from Blackfriars, in the City of London, to the opposite

for repairing and widening the Road from a Place Side, in the County of Surrey, and to make Ways and

called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Char- Passages to and from the same on each Side of the said

nock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of River; and, by another Act, made in the Seventh

Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lan- Year of His present Majesty, they were impowered to

caster, was committed; That the Committee had exa- compleat the said Bridge, and the Avenues thereto, on

„ mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same the Loyidon Side of the said River; and that, by the

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through said last mentioned Act, the Petitioners were impow-

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, ered to embank a certain Part of the North Side of

which they had directed him to report to the House; the said River, within the Limits therein described,

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards and, for the Purpose of providing a Fund to defray

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the the Expence of lighting, watching, cleansing, and re-

Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read pairing the said Bridge, they were also impowered to

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; charge the Ground to be obtained by the said Em-

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were bankment with, certain Quit Rents to arise therefrom;

agreed to by the House. and that the Petitioners have compleated the Works

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of the said Bridge, and also the said Embankment, as

ingrossed. directed by the said Acts; and that the Annual Funds

arising from and under the Authority of the said Acts,

Oom's, &c. Mr. ^aM presented to the House, according to Order, applicable to the Support and Maintenance of the said

Nat. 7 a Bill for naturalizing Thomas Oom, Charles Frederick Bridge, us well as of the lighting, watching, cleansing,

Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbert: And the same and watering thereof, amount to no more than £.175

was received; and read the First Time. per Annum, which is quite inadequate thereto, but" that

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. a Toll on all Horses and Carriages passing over the said Bridge on a Sunday would, as the Petitioners ap-

Anglesqy, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free> prehend,. enable them to defray the Annual Expence

Uc. Road holders, Merchants and Traders of the County of ot lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, and keep-

tnwards Merioneth, was presented to the House, aed read; Set- ing the Bridge in proper Repair: and that Passengers Ireland. r 7 ,v-

travelling

5 Geo. Ill; 23° Februarii. 557

travelling on a Sunday through the other Avemies, and the Coriuhittee had examined the Allegation? Scjf the Outlets leading from the Cities of London and West- Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the minster, except Blackfriars Bridge, are liable to a par- Committee had gone through the Bill, and made se-ticular and separate Toll for passing through the Turn- yeral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed pikes on that Day: And therefore praying the House to him to report to (he.House; and he read the Report take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may in hfs Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with bfe given to bring in a Fill for laying a Toll on all Horses the Amendments, in at, the Clerks Table: Where and Carriages passing over the said Bridge on Sundays, the Amendments were Once read throughout; ana or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the House shall seem meet. - Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the House.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- , Ordered\ That the Bill; With the Amendments, be mirie the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall ingrossed. appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Sir , A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of Uxbridge . Wat kin Lewes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, ?foa(faf^ Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, ar e ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and That the High Road within the said Town, is in se?

Records. ' veral Parts narrow and dangerous for Travellers, and the Footpaths are not properly paved, and there is not.

Wood Street The House being informed that One of the Sheriffs of at present, any proper Power for lighting the said ud Poultry of the City of London attended at the Door; he was Town, or for removing and preventing Nuisances Compters. called in. and, at the Bar, presented to the House, and Annoyances; and that, in order to render the said

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and High Road safe and commodious for Carriages and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council Travellers, it will be necessary to remove the present assembled. Market House within the said Town, and certain

And then he withdrew. Tenements near or adjoining to the said Market

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That House, and also to lay into the said High Road cer-the Two Prisons called The Wood Street and The Poultry tain Garden Grounds between Mercer's Bridge and Compters, situate within the City of London, have, High Bridge within the said Town, and to widen the by ancient Custom, been appropriated to the Use of said Bridge called Mercers Bridge, and that the wid-the Sheriffs of the said City for the Time being, for ening the said High Road, and rebuilding the said the safe Custody of Prisoners committed to the same, Market House in a more convenient Situation, and and for the Dispatch of other important Business and paving and cleansing the said Footways, and lighting Matters appertaining to their Office within the Juris- the said High Road and other Places within the said diction of the said City; and that the said Prisons are Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and not only very small, close, and confined, but being, by Annoyances therein, will be of great Benefit and Xength of Time, quite worn out, are now inadequate Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Towq, to the Purpose of safe Custody, and also extremely and to all Persons resorting to or travelling through dangerous to the Lives of the Prisoners and other Per- the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may sons resorting thereto, and, if the same were to be be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several built upon a more airy and suitable Spot of Ground Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, it would under such Regulations, as the House shall think be a much greater Security to the Sheriffs and the proper.

Public, as well as contribute to the Health and Com- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the fort of the Prisoners; and that the Owners of a cer- Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexa-tain Tract of void Ground within the said City, situate mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall very conveniently for newbuilding the said Prisons appear to them, to the House:

upon, although willing to treat and agree with the Pe- And it is referred to Mr. Popham, Mr* Alderman titioners for the Sale thereof, are incapable of selling Wilkes, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, the same, and several Persons possessed of Leases of at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; other Ground and Buildings adjacent thereto, necessary and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and to be purchased, are unwilling to sell the same, without Records, being paid, as the Petitioners conceive, considerably

more than the real Value thereof: And therefore praying. Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to Southwark, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to impower whom the Petition of the Trustees for carrying into &c. Roads, the Petitioners to build the said Prisons, and, for that Execution several Acts of Parliament, of the Fourth,

Purpose, to purchase such Ground and Buildings as may the Sixth, and the Tenth Years of King George the be found expedient whereon to erect the same, or to First, the Fourth, the Tenth, and the Twenty-fifth grant them such other Relief in the Premises, as to the Years of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year House shall seem meet of His present Majesty, for repairing several Road?

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the leading from the Stones End at Blackman Street, in Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- the Parishes of Saint George, Southxvark, and Saint mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall Mary, Newington, to Highgate, at the Entrance into appear to them, to the House: Ashdown Forest, in the Parish of East Grinstead, and to

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Alder- Sutton and Burton Common, and from Vauxhail Bridge, man Watson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow through Stockwell, to join the said Road leading to Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Highgate, at the Bottom of Bristozv Qauscway Common,

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and the Road lying between Nonesuch and Worcester and Records. Parks, in the Parish of Cuddington, in the Courities of

Surrey and Sussex; and also, the Petition of the Trus-Huntingdon Mr. Lancelet Brown reported froip the Committee, tees for the Care and Management of the Roads lead-Fttving.' to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting ing from Westminster Ferry, in the Parish of Lambeth, the High Street and other Places within the Town of through Newington and Camberwell, to the East End of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nui.- Peckham Lane, in the Parish of Camberwell, and from sances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That Camberwell Green, through Camberwell, to The Fox Vol. 40t 7C under

558 23° February A. 1785*

: under the Hill, in the Road leading to Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, were severally referred; That the ' Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Acts of the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of King George the First, the Fourth, Tenth, and Twenty-fifth of King George the Second, and the Sixth of His present Majesty, were read: And

Mr. Roger Peck, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said, That a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, and a large Sum of Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, hath been expended; that £.6,000 of the Money so borrowed still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be enlarged, and some further Powers granted.

And being further examined, he said, That the Road leading from Highgate aforesaid, to IVitchcross, in the County of Sussex, being of the Length of about Two Miles, is in a ruinous Condition, and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law — That the said Piece of Road communicates with the Roads comprised in the said Acts, and might be conveniently amended and repaired, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the said several Roads — And he con-'eluded with saying, that the several Powers and Provisions necessary for repairing and amending the several Roads before-mentioned might be more conveniently executed, if the same were comprized in One Act of Parliament.

To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, the said Acts of the Sixth and Tenth Years of King George the First, and the Eleventh and Twenty-fifth Years of King* George the Second, were read, by which it appeared, that the Annual Sums of One hundred Pounds and Sixty Pounds were settled to be paid, by the Trustees for those Acts, to the Trustees for the Care and Management of the Roads in the said Second-mentioned Petition described, for the Repair of the Road from Newington, through Camberwell, to New Cross: And the said Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was also read, by which it appeared, that the Trustees under that Act are directed to pay Annually to those Trustees the Sum of Ninety Pounds, to be applied towards the Repair of the said Road from Ncicington, through Camberwell, to New Cross: And

Claude Champion Crespigny, Esquire, Treasurer of the said Camberwell Trust, being examined, said, That those Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers wherewith they are invested, and have borrowed the Sum of £.2,000 on the Credit of the several ‘Annual Sums so granted and made payable to them as aforesaid, which Money hath been expended towards amending and repairing the said Roads, but that those Annual Sums are found insufficient for the Amendment and Repair of the said Roads, and the Payment of the Interest of the Money so borrowed as aforesaid — That the said Camberwell Road Trustees, apprehending that the said Roads might be more effectually amended and kept in Repair than at present, if the same were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the Roads described in the said First-mentioned Petition, have applied to those Trustees to 9 '

take these Roads' under their Inspection, receiving the said Annual Payments, and subject to the Payment of the Debt contracted as aforesaid, and the Interest payable in respect of the same, to which those Trustees have consented; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston; I

and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stoclcwell, to Brie- I

ton Causeway; and from Newington to the East End I

of Peckham Lane; and from Camberwell Green to The I

Fox under the Hill, in the County of Sumy; and for repealing so much of several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid, to IVitchcross, in the County of Sussex: And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Mr. Norton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. *

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they &l

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the &

Supply granted to His Majesty. f

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Export Account of the Bounties paid upon the Exportation Bounties, of British Goods from England to Ireland\ from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each r

Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Duties«

Account of the Amount of the Duty paid upon the Exportation of Foreign and British Subsidy Goods, from England to Ireland, from Christmas 1773 to

Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,an Exports to Account of Goods exported from England to Ireland, Irelani with the Amount of Duties retained thereon, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing those imported from the East Indies, and the'Amount in each Year.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Simon Tamm, was Tamm’sNat read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title *

be, An Act for naturalizing Simon Tamm.

Ordered, That Mr. Call do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Fees, &c, of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Public upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire Office3, into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the %

several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine

into

25 Geo. III.

2 3’ — 24"

559

into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with -the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

rade with Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

/est Indies. Account of the Imports and Exports between Great Britain and The British West Indies, for the last Ten Years, as far as the same oan be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the several Articles, and the Value thereof, and the Amount of the Duties paid thereon.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Earns and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Wij>le; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Lucas Holden to take and use the Surname of Rose; without any Amendment: And

apply Bill; luties on [alt, &c.

lple's

at.

olden's

rbitchurch The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An oads. Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whit church, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Line, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

atling The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An wet n> Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, ckbury made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s

,acts* Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from The

Buck's Head, at Waiting Street, to Beckbury, and The New Inn, and from The Birches Brook to the Hand Post, in the Parish of Kemberton, in tire County of Salop, and for making the same more effectual; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

apply* Ordered' That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Vol. 40.

to consider fbrthfer of the Supply granted to His Majesty, benowread.

And the'Said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the State of the Debt, aitd Estimate of the Charge, of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 17S5, Laud Service, be referred -to the Said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was tdirected by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an sinking Account of the Net Amount of the Sinking Fund, Fund, from its first Establishment to the latent Period to which the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Mutiny and ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Desertion-House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 24° die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Penryn the Petition of Joshua Smith and George Jackson, Election. Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall\ being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members oti the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Fifty-four Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides Were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition inter Consideration.

- And the same being read accordingly;

The

560 $4° FebmaA. 1785;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House j Two, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Six, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Twelve, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, sb drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners named Bamber Gascoyne, Senior, Esquire, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members named the Right honourable William Wyndham, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Debtors A Petition of the Citizens of London, confined for Petition. Debt in the City Prison of Ludgate: And also,

A Petition of those.Citizens of and others,

confined in His Majesty’s Poultry Compter for- Debt;

Were severally presented to the House, and reaid; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions wese severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Tproich,&c. A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Hoad. others, of the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, that Application is intended to be made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Borough of Ipswich, through Bulcamp, to Beccles, in the same County, being Part of the Road leading from aforesaid, through

Beccles, to the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in tile County of Norfolk; and representing to the House, that there is another Road leading from Bulcamp to Great Yarmouth, which passes through Wangford, Wrentham, Pakefield, and , to the present

Turnpike Road, at South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, in the said County of Suffolk, near to the said Borough of Great Yarmouth, which last mentioned Line of Road is considerably shorter, and can be repaired at a less Expence, than the Road leading through Beccles; and it would be of much greater Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and to all Persons having occasion to travel between Ipswich and Great Yarmouth aforesaid, if that Line of Road was directed to be amended and repaired by the intended Bill, instead of the Road from Bulcamp to Beccles: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Road leading from Bulcamp, through Wangford, Wrentham, Pakefield, and Lowestoft, to the Turnpike Road at South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, may be amended and repaired by virtue of the said Bill, instead of the said Road to Boccles, and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Mr. Tudway,

&c.: And they are to meet To-morrdw Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldehnen, Burgesses, and Ipswich; Commonalty, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in Road, the County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled:

And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk;

Were severally presented to the House and read}

Setting forth, That the Petitioners find Application is intended to be made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Bulc and from thence to Beccles, in the County of Suffolk, which Road is Part of the Great Road leading from Ipswich towards the said Town and Borough . of Great Yarmouth", and that the amending and repairing of the same will be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and the several other Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, by rendering the Communication between the said Town and Borough, and the Borough of Ipswich, more commodious than at present; but b

that there is another Line of Road leading e

from Bulcamp, towards Great Yarmouth afore- "

said, which passes through Wangford, Wren-tham, Pakfield, and Lowestofi, to the present Turnpike Road at South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, near to the said Town and Borough of Great Yarmouth, which last mentioned Line r.

of Road is considerably shorter, and cad be s»

repaired at a less Expence, than the Road leading through Beccles", and it would be much more beneficial to the said Town and Borough of Great Yarmouth, and to the Country in general, if the Provisions of the intended Bill were to be extended to that Line of Road, instead of the Road which leads from Bulcamp to Beccles: And therefore praying, That the Provisions to be contained in the said intended Bill may be extended to the said Line of Road leading from Bulcamp, through Wangford,

Wrentham, Pakefield, and Lowestoft, to the said Turnpike Road near the said Town and Borough of Great Yarmouth, instead of the Road to Beccles, and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of die County of Suffolk, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the same, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Fdzherbert reported from the Committee, to A ran Ki. whom the Petition of the Proprietors, Owners, and Occupiers of Land adjoining to the River A run, in the County of Sussex, and of divers other Persons interested in the Navigation of the said River, was t

referred; That the Committee had examined, and c

found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the stud Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his

Place;

1

Iioad

Kinnertey, Icc. Inclosure.

Arundel Streets, &c.

Edinburgh

City.

15 Geo. Ill* , 24° Februarii. §61

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Edwards being examined, said, That the Navigation of the said River is in several Places much obstructed by Shoals and other Impediments, and is in some Places so shallow as to render the Passage of Vessels inconvenient and difficult — That it would be advantageous to the County of Sussex, and of public Utility, to amend and complete the Navigation of the said River, by removing the said Shoals, and erecting Locks and Dams; and also, to continue and extend the Navigation of the said River from Pallenham Wharf\ where at present it ceases to be Navigable, to a certain Bridge called New Bridge, situate in the Parishes of Pulborough and JVisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and improving the Navigation of the River Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County, and for continuing and extending the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Wharf, called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain Bridge, called Nezo Bridge, situate in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex: And that Mr. Fitzherbert, the Earl of Surrey, and Mr. Thomas Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Kin-nerley and Melverley, in the County of Salop; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the said Borough, are not properly paved, cleansed, or lighted, but are subject to various Obstructions and Annoyances, and it would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and all Persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and all Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein were removed and prevented for the future; and that it would be also for the Benefit and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all Persons resorting thereto, that there should be a Market for the Sale of all Kinds of Meat, Fish, Poultry, Butter, and Garden Stuff*: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said Borough of Arundel, for removing Nuisances and Annoyances, and preventing the like for the future, and for holding and regulating a Market within the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzherbert, the Earl of Surrey, bcc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord Provost and Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act of the Twenty-sixth of his late Majesty, certain Commissioners were appointed for erecting various public Buildings, and for forming an easy and commodious Communication between the High Vo l. 4(h

Street and the Country Northward, Southward, and Westward, which Act expired in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and, by an Act of the Eighth of His present Majesty, the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh was extended over certain Grounds to the North of the said City; and that, in Consequence of the said Acts, public Buildings have been 1 erected, and a Communication formed by a Bridge t> the Northward; but the Avenues to the City from the South being still narrow', steep, and inconvenient, it is highly expedient to open a Communication by a Bridge over The Cozvgate, and by Streets from the said Bridge, to the Squares, Streets, and Rows on the South Side of the City; and, it is also necessary to form a Communication between The Launmercate and the Streets on the West Parts of the new-extended Royalty, and to enlarge the public Markets, and make convenient Roads and Passages to them; and that several of the Buildings in the University of Edinburgh are in a ruinous Condition, and the Apartments, from the Increase of Students, incommodious, so that it is necessary to rebuild the said University, or Part thereof; and that, as the present Mode of levying certain Taxes on the Citizens in Edinburgh, the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, is attended with much Expence and Trouble, it is proposed to establish, instead of them, other Taxes for supporting the Police of the City, on a more equal Principle, and a less expensive Collection; and that, as there exists not at present any Revenue whatsoever for lighting the City, it is highly necessary that a Tax, under the Administration of Commissioners, should he established for that Purpose; and that the Extension of the City, and increased Number of Inhabitants, require an additional Supply of Water, which must be procured from the Springs of the adjacent Country; and that it is also necessary to extend the Royalty over certain Grounds lately purchased by the City, and over Grounds belonging to such Persons as, by their Title Deeds, are bound to pay the ordinary Taxes payable by the Citizens; but that, in order to carry those Measures into Execution, it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands and Houses, to equalize the Land Tax payable by the City and its Liberties, to extend a Proportion of the said Tax over the Districts to the South of the City, and to obtain such Powers and Authorities as to the House shall seem proper, for carrying on and perfecting thbse useful and necessary Designs: And therefore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergusson, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Duncombe, from the Select Committee, who were Newport, Isle appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Wight, of John Barrington, Esquire, complaining of an undue Electron. Election and Return for the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Edward Rusliworth, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Nezvport, in the Isle of Wight, and County of Southampton.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being East India 7 D proposed, Affair-

5 <5 2 24° Februarii. J. 1785.

P«nryn

Election.

East India Affairs.

Ilchester

Election.

propoBed, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Warren Hasting Esquire, Governor General of Fort William, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated from the River Ganges, the 24th of February 1784.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned, being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at* tend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining ynstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Bamber Gascoyne, Senior, Esquire, and the Right honourable William Wyndham, being added, the same

was called over; and is as follows:

Sir Thomas Rick, Baronet, Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, Henry Bankes, Esquire, John Hunter, Esquire, Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, George Osbaldeston, Esquire, George Bowyer, Esquire, Lord Adam Gordon, William Wilberforce, Esquire, John Sutton, Esquire, Philip Yorke, Esquire, Sir Edward Baronet,

Daniel Pulteney, Esquire, Bamber Gascoyne, Senior, Esquire, the Right honourable William Wyndham.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Joshua Smith and George Jackson, Esquires, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in one of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The House was moved, That N* 371, of the Appendix to the Sixth Report, which, upon the 6th Day of March 1782, was made from the Committee of Secrecy, appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War in The Carnatic, and of the Condition of the British Possessions in those Parts, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Fort to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated from the River Ganges, the 24th of February

1784;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,: } ,6'

Teller for the Noes,4>.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That by virtue of His Majesty’s Writ to the Sheriff of Somerset directed, and his Precept founded thereon, for electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County aforesaid, in the room of Peregrine Cust, Esquire, lately deceased, an Election was had and holden, in the Town Hall of the said Borough, on Thursday the 3d Day of February , in the Year of our Lord 1785, and, at such Election John Harcourt, Esquire, and the Petitioner, wei£ Candidates, and Thomas Palmer, Apothecary (being Bailiff of the said Borough) was the Returning Officer presiding at the said Election, and at the Poll thereat demanded and taken; and that, previous to the said Election, and in Expectation of a Vacancy, great Numbers of Persons were secretly and fraudulently introduced into the said Borough by the said John Harcourt, or his Agents, for the Purpose of

influencing the said Election, not having any legal Right to vote thereat, and, by the Partiality and Corruption and previous Contrivance of the said Thomas Palmer, the said Persons so introduced were received on the Poll for die said John Harcourt, and by Means thereof, and also by Means of great Numbers of other Persons being admitted, by the said Thomas Palmer, to poll at the said Election, for the said John Harcourt, who had no Right to vote thereat, a Majority of pretended Votes was procured upon the said Poll for the said John Harcourt, and he hath been returned to serve in Parliament by the said Thomas Palmer; whereas the Petitioner had a legal Majority of Electors of the said Borough, who offered themselves to the said Thomas Palmer to vote for the Petitioner, and he ought to have been accordingly returned a Burgess for the said Borough at such Election; and that the said Thomas Palmer, the Bailiff, during the said Election, behaved himself with evident Marks of Partiality and Corruption, in the Course of the said Election, in Favour of the said John Harcourt, as well by receiving Voters, which he ought not to have admitted, in Favour of the said Mr. Harcourt, and by rejecting others, which he ought to have accepted, in Favour of the Petitioner, as in several other Instances; and that the said John Harcourt, by Means of illegally treating the said Electors, by himself or his Agents, and by Bribery, and other corrupt and undue Influence, practised by himself or his Agents, caused many Persons to vote for the said John Harcourt, and to abstain from voting for the Petitioner, who otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner, and by Means thereof, and of many other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John Harcourt procured a Majority of pretended Electors on the said Poll, and was thereby returned to Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the several Matters aforesaid into Consideration, and to afford the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 24th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday the " 24th Day of March" and inserting the Words " Tuesday the 14th Day of June" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday the 24th Day of March " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fThe Marquis of Gra~ 1

Tellers for the YeasJ ham, > 33.

[Mr. Rose: J

fMr. Eden, 1

Tellers for the NoesJ Sir William Cunyng- > 20.

[ hame: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 24th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of Samuel Smith, Esquire, John Pearson, Clerk, Edward Williams, Gentleman, John Fudge,

Senior, George Harvey, and George Brooks, Electors of the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, on Behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the said Borough, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of His Majesty’s Writ to the Sheriff of Somerset directed, and his Precept founded thereon, for electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Ilchester, in the room of Peregrine Cust, Esquire, lately deceased, an

h

25 Geo. III. 24°

said Borough, oft Thursday the 3d Day of February, in the Year of our Lord 1785, and, at such Election George Johnstone, Esquire, and John Harcourt, Esquire, were Candidates, and Thomas Palmer, Apothecary (being Bailiff of the said Borough) was the Returning Officer presiding at the said Election, and at the Poll thereat demanded and taken; and that, previous to the said Election, great Numbers of Persons, secretly and fraudulently intruding themselves into the said Borough, for the Purpose of influencing the said Election, not having any legal Right to vote thereat, and by the Partiality and Corruption of the said Thomas Palmer, were received oft the Poll for the said John Harcourt, in manifest Violation of the Rights and Franchises of the Petitioners, and, by Means thereof, and also by Means of great Numbers of other Persons being admitted by the said Thomas Palmer to -poll at the said Election for the said John Harcourt, who had no Right to vote, a Majority of pretended Voters was procured upon the said Poll by the Said John Harcourt, and his Agents, and he hath been returned by the said Thomas Palmer to the House, whereas the said George Johnstone had a legal Majority of Electors of the said Borough, who offered themselves to the said Thomas Palmer to vote for the said George Johnstone, and he ought to have been accordingly returned a Burgess for the said Borough at such Election; and that the said Thomas Pahner, the Bailiff, during the said Election, behaved himself with Par* tiality and Corruption in the Course of the said Election, in Favour of the said John Harcourt, as well by receiving Voters, which he ought not to have ad* mitted, in Favour of the said Mr. Harcourt, as by rejecting others, which he ought to have accepted, in Favour of the said George Johnstone, as in several other Instances; and that the said John Harcourt, by Means of illegal treating the said Electors, by him* self, or his Agents, and by Bribery, and other corrupt and undue Influence, practised by himself, or his Agents, Caused many Persons to vote for him, aftd to abstain from voting for the said George Johnstone, who otherwise would have voted for him, and by Means thereof, and of many other corrupt and illegal Practices, the said John Harcourt procured a Majority of pretended Electors on the said Poll, and was thereby returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Several Matters aforesaid into Consideration, and to afford the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet and just

Ordered, That the said Petition be takeft into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the ioth and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun* sel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration, v Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, ‘Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Mr. Gilbert according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vo l. 40.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Ooft>friH!ttfe,

That, towards raising the Supply gmntedte His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britam called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Puller, the Marquis of Grthim,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey9 Mr. Attorney General, Mf. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, aftd Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this HobsO, such East India Part of Mr. Barnard's Survey of the East India Chm- Affilirs* pany’s Jaghire in The Carnatic, as has been received by the Court of Directors.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* an Madras Account of the Exports and Imports in the Port of Trade. MadfUS, from the Year 1766 to the Year ^795 distinguishing each Year.

The House was moved, That the Order made tipon Order for Tuesday last, for the Attendance of Francis Hmhberstoun Attendance Mackenzie, Esqiilre, upon the 8th Day Of March nfext, discharged, might be read.

Aftd the said Order Was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the said Mr. Mackenzie was detained by Illness on the Road to Town;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Phillipps have Leave to ]>ave of go into the Country for a Fortnight, oft his private Absence. Affairs.

The House being informed that Mr. Tmkyns, from the Trade be-Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; tween Eng-he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties paid upon the Exportation of Foreign and British Subsidy Goods from England to Ireland, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783, distinguishing each Year; aftd also, an Account of the Bounties paid upon the Exportation of British Goods from England to Ireland, from Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each YearAnd also,

An Account of Goods exported from England to Ireland, with the Amount of Duties retained thereon, for the last Ten Years; viz. from Christmas 1773 *°

Christmas 1783; distinguishing those imported from thi East Indies, and the Amount in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Usb of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Mutiny and Sevennight, the 4th Day of March next, resolve itself Desertion.

into

564

35° Februariu

A. 1785.

into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better the same was read, and is as followeth;

Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25° die Februarii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIItli Regis, 1785. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received from the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read, and

Mr. Caleb Lowdham being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act.

That there now remains due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act directed to be taken upon the First District of Roads therein directed to be repaired, the Sum of £. 1,460, or thereabouts, and upon the Second District of Roads the Sum of £. 722, or thereabouts, which several Sums of Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Convictions |\/| apeaKer acquainted the House, mat me Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof ai-of Felonies, 1VA Clerk of this House had received from the tered and enlarged.

&c. Sheriffs of the City of London and County of Middlesex, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Returns to the Order of the House of the 3d Day for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed of this Instant February, 4< That there be laid before in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, V this House, an Account of Persons convicted of for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton " Felonies or Misdemeanors, and now under Sen- Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide t€, tence of Imprisonment in the Gaols and Houses of Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from " Correction in the City of London, and the Counties the Town of Leicester to the Tow n of Lutterworth, in " of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, and Sussex, the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned; €t specifying their respective Crimes, the Time when, And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. Pochin do prepare, " the Term for which, and by what Court, each Person has been imprisoned, together with an Account " of the Allowance made for the Maintenance of €C such Persons, and in what Manner they are era-ployed;" and that the said Returns were now upon he Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

and bring in, the same.

Leave of Absence.

Gloucester

Gaol.

Ordered, That Mr, Rushworth have leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, on his private Affairs.

A Bill for building a newr Gaol, a House of Correc-

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master, the Earl of Surrey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardeus, and Richmond principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Poor Richmond, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are ^lreels’ thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for repairing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places in the said Town and Parish, for removing and preventing Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein, and for shutting up a Road from the late Horse Ferry, at Kao, to West Sheene Lane, near Richmond Green, and for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road tion to be used as a Penitentiary House, and other from Kezv Bridge to Richmond, which has been found Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, to be inadequate to the salutary Purposes for which it , and for regulating the same, was read a Second was made; and that the Poor of the said Parish, since

the passing of the said Act, by the great Increase of their Number* as well as from the Defects in the Law under which they are governed and supported, are very ill provided for, and are maintained at a very large Expence, whereby the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, are Melton Mow- Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to greatly burtheiied with heavy Rates; and that the bray Roads, whom the Petition of the several Persons whose House, now occupied as a Workhouse, for the Recep-Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees for putting tion and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the is in a very confined and bad Situation, and in a Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for re- ruinous Condition, and much too small to admit the pairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mow- Number of poor Persons who are proper Objects of bray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Relief therein, and the Lease thereof is near expiring;

Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the Town and that the Church Yard of the said Parish is the of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said only Burial Ground within the Parish, is situated near County, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far the Middle of the said Town, and so small, that, from only as it relates to such of the said Roads as are the Number of Bodies buried therein, the Ground is thereby directed to be called The First District of the raised much above its original Level, and it is thereby said Roads; and of the several other Persons whose become a great Nuisance to the Inhabitants of the Names are thereunto also subscribed, Trustees for put- said Town, and may in a short Time (if not preting in Execution the said Act, so far only as it relates vented) become very unwholesome and dangerous;. and to such of the said Roads as are thereby directed to be that the present Regulations for paving, lighting, called The Second District of the said Roads, was re- cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found Places within the said Town and Parish, and for that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of keeping the Highways in Repair, are also inadequate /Ipril 1774> relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com- to the Purposes for which they were made: And plied with; and that the Committee had examined therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the the Relief and Employment of the Poor, to repair-Ilouse; and he read the Report in his Place; and ing the Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and

watching

Geo. III. FebruarU. 56$

matching the Streets, and other Places, in the said Town and Parish, and to the removing and preventing Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein, and to substitute more effectual Powers for those Purposes, and to give to tke Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ambler, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fcemley, Sec, Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce be added to the

Hoad* Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of Yw'k.

Ditto. Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the Fir^t Time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nigtoin- An ingrossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and en-^alei Road, larging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Char nock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

» for repairing arid widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Char-nock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cardiff A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-

Road*. holders of the County of Glamorgan, and other Inha-

bitants residing in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading from the Town of Cardiff, and other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan, certain Tolls, Duties, and Powers, were granted for repairing the said Roads for the Term of Twenty-one Years, which expires in this present Session of Parliament; and that the said Roads have been made, widened, and repaired, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, for which Purpose large Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and the said Roads cannot be kept in sufficient Repair, nor the Money borrowed be repaid, without the further Aid of Parliament; and Representing to the House, that several Roads within the paid County, not included in the said Act, are in a ruinous Condition, and incom-

Vo l. 40.

modious to Passengers, wffiich cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law': And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to renew the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, for such Time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Macworth, Sir Roger Mostyn, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, and light- Huntingdon ing, the High Street, and other Places, within the Town PavlD8* of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the High Street, and other Places, within the Town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Lancelot Brown do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Legh have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs. Absence.

A Petition of Richard Langley, Esquire, Lord of Wykebam the Manor of Wykeham, in the North Riding of the Inclosure. County of York, and also Ow ner of divers Messuages,

Cottages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor; and of Sir John Legard, Baronet, Richard Johnson Hill, Esquire, John Pearson, Thomas Vasey, and Richard Vasey, Gentlemen, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

Owners of other Estates and Hereditaments there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Manor, several Open Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested in the said Open Common Pastures, Comrrions, or Waste Grounds, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet. v

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Osbaldeston, Mr. Dmicomhe, and Mr. Wilberforce, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by Laud Tax. a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Newfcund-Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade be- land Trade tween the Ports of the United States of America, and ^hAmC" His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-huWt Ships actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law,

7 E clearing

Representation in Parliament.

Gloucester

Gaol.

Leave of Absence.

Adjourn-

ment.

Supply.

Bucks

Election.

250 Februarii. 1785.

clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Freemen and Inhabitants of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellency of the Constitution of this Country, most ardently wish to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded; and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, the House of Commons do not sufficiently speak the Voice of the People: And therefore praying the House to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great and alarming Evil as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol, a House of Correction to be used as a Penitentiary House, and other Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart have Leave to go into the Country, for a Week, on his private Affairs.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Right honourable' Ralph Earl Verney, of the Kingdom of Ireland, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Bucks, do, by himself or Agents, on or before the Second Day of March next, deliver to the Sitting Member, or his Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioner to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Member; giving in the said Lists the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Member for the County of Bucks do, by himself or Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists, on his Part, to the Petitioner, or his Agents;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Second," and inserting the Word " Fifth " instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Second " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word u Fifth" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the Right honourable Ralph Earl 7

Verney, of the Kingdom of Ireland, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Bucks, do, by himself or Agents, on or before the Fifth Day of March next, deliver to the Sitting Member, or his Agents,

Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioner to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Member; giving in the said Lists the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Member for the County of Bucks do, by himself or Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists, on his Part, to the Petitioner, or his Agents.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit- Marston tee, to whom the Bill for inclosing, and leasing or let- Montgomery ting a certain Common and Waste Grounds lying hiciosure. within the Parish of Marston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Estates having Right of Common, and rated to ‘the Land Tax at £. 7. js. 6 d.; and that the Whole of the I^nds entitled to Right of Common, and rated to the Land Tax at £.110. 12 s. \d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Works at posed, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Dock Yank count of the Expences incurred by the Office of Ordnance, in building and repairing Works for the Defence of His Majesty’s Dock Yard at Plymouth, erected since the 1st of January 1777;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Yard," and inserting the Word "Yards" instead thereof; and by inserting, after the Word " Plymouththe Words " Portsmouth, Gosport, and Chatham."

And the Question being put, That the Word " Yard" stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Yards "

3e inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being proposed, that the Words " Portsmouth, Gosport, and Chatham," be inserted after the Word " Plymouth; "

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " and, " and, after the Word " Chathamadding the Words, " Dover and Sheemess"

And the Question being put, " That the Word " and " stand Part of the said proposed Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, " That the Words " Dover and Sheerness " be added after the Word " Chatham; "

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And

Fortifications at Dock Yards.

Leave of Absence.

Kidderminster Church.

25 Geo. III. 250 Februarii. 567

And the Question being put, That the Words u Portsmouth, Gosport, Chatham, Dover, and Sheer-u nessbe inserted after the Word " Plymouth; "

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expences incurred by the Office of Ordnance in building and repairing Works for the Defence of His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Plymouth, Portsmouth, Gosport, Chatham, Dover, and Sheemess., erected since the 1st of January 1777.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Master General and Board of Ordnance do prepare, and lay before this House, a Report of the probable Amount of the Expence which will be incurred for completing the several Fortifications intended to be erected to the Westward of Plymouth, and on the Gosport Side, and at Hilsea, for the better Security of His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Plymouth and Portsmouth.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " a Report of the probable Amount of the Expence which will be " incurred for completing the several Fortifications " intended to be erected.to the Westward of Plymouth, " and on the Gosport Side, and at Hilsea, for the better "Security," and inserting the Words, "an Estf- mate of the Expence of such Military Works and " Fortifications, distinguishing such Works and Fortifications, and the Situation where they are proposed " to be erected to complete the Defence," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUe^fortheY^p;^.^'"’ } S>-

Tellers for the Noes/p: } 2I'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Master General and Board of Ordnance do prepare, and lay before this House, a Report of the probable Amount of the Expence which will be incurred for completing the several Fortifications intended to be erected to the Westward of Plymouth,' and on the Gosport Side, and at Hilsea, for the better Security of His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Plymouth and Portsmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Hammet have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on Account of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Steward have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, on his private Affairs.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, Baron of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and the humble Petition of the Honourable Andrew Foley, Esquire, the Survivor of the Devizees in Trust named in the last Will and Testament of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, the Reverend Thomas Wickins, Vicar of the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester aforesaid, and of the several other Persons whose Natnea are thereunto subscribed, and who are Inhabitants or Proprietors of Estates within the Borough or Foreign of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants within the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster have greatly increased within the last Twenty Years, and there now are several Thousand Inhabitants therein; and that the Parish Church belonging to the said Borough and Foreign is a firm and Vol. 40.

substantial Building, but being very irregularly pewed and laid out, many of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Foreign are prevented attending Divine Service in the said Church, by Reason they cannot be accommodated with Seats or Kneelings; and that the said Church, if properly pewed and gallcried, would' commodiously contain several Hundred more Persons than it now can, and the carrying such a Plan into Execution would not only be a general Advantage to the Inhabitants. and Proprietors of Estates within the said Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, but also of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for re-pewing and erecting Galleries in the said Parish Church of Kidderminster, and making such other Alterations therein and thereto as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Foley, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Excise. Return of the several Outgoings and Deductions from the Gross Amount of the Excise for the Year ending Midsummer 1784, distinguished under their several Heads, with the Amount of each, so as to account for the Difference between the said Gross Amount and the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Customs. Return of the several Outgoings and Deductions from the Gross Amount of the Customs for the Year ending Midsummer 1784, distinguished under their several Heads, with the Amount of each, so as to account for the Difference between the said Gross Amount and the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Meiins* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Fees, &c. the w’hole House, to wrliom the Bill for appointing of Public Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, lees* Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and ma-naging the Business transacted in the said Offices, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock,

568 a8° Februarii. 1785;

Convictions for Felonies, &c.

De Luc’s Nat

Mariton Montgomery Inclosure.

Colerne

Inclosure.

Uxbridge Road and Market.

Lunce, 28* die Februarii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

*tOHN Andrew De Luc took the Oaths appointed,

J in order to his Naturalization.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk of this House had received, from the Sheriffs of the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Sussex, Returns to the Order of the House of the 3d Day of this Instant February, " That there be laid before this House, an " Account of Persons convicted of Felonies or Misdemeanors, and now under Sentence of Imprison-u ment in the Gaols and Houses of Correction in the " City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex,

" Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, and Sussex, specifying <c their respective Crimes, the Time when, the Term " for which, and by what Court, each Person has been " imprisoned, together with an Account of the Allowance made for the Maintenance of such Persons,

" and in what Manner they are employedand that the said Returns were now upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for naturalizing John Andrew De Luc, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Howard, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and leasing or letting a certain Common and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Marston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and leasing or letting a certain Common and certain Waste Grounds lying within the Parish of Marston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Penruddocke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Arable Fields, and the Down or Common called Colerne Down, within the Parish of Colerne, in the County of Wilts: And the same' was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Bishop, Esquire, beina examined, said, That the High Road within the said town is in several Parts narrow

and dangerous for Travellers, that the Foot Ways are ill paved, and the Town very inconvenient, by Means of Nuisances and Annoyances; that in order to render the said High Road safe and commodious for Carriages and Travellers, it will be necessary to remove the present Market House within the said Town, and certain Tenements near or adjoining to the said Market House, and also to lay into the said High Road certain Garden Grounds between Merca's Bridge, and High Bridge, within the said Town, and to widen the said Bridge, called Mercers Bridge; that the widening of the said High Road, and re-building the said Market House in a more convenient Situation, and the paving and cleansing of the said Foot Ways, and also the lighting of the said High Road, and other Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, will, be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and of public Utility.

Mr. George Clark being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence, and produced a Plan of the Parts of the said Road which it will be necessary to widen.

Ordwed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the present Market House, and certain other Buildings, in the Town of Uxbridge, for the Purpose of widening the High Street; and for paving the Foot Ways, and lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercers Bridge and High Bridge; and for re-building the said Market House: And that Mr. Alderman Wilkes and Mr. Mainwaring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Fitzherbert presented to the House, according Amn Navi-to Order, a Bill for amending and improving the Na- gation. vigation of the River Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County, and for continuing and extending the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Wharf, called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain Bridge, called New Bridge, situate in the Parishes of Piilbo-rough and Wisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jervoise presented to the House, according to Frodington Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons luclosure. and YVaste Lands called Frodington, otherwise Frad-dington, otherwise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common and J Pastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Port sea, and County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Derby, Ac. and other Inhabitants of the County of Derby, whose Koad*. Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, from the Votes, that Application hath been made for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road from Derby to Chesterfield, at Pentridge Lane End, in the Parish of Pentridge, through Aljreton, to Tibshelf, in the said County of Derby, and from Aljreton, through Shirland, to join the said Turnpike Road from Derby. to Chesterfield at Stretton, in the said County of Derby; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Lawr, the Petititioners (w’ho are Owners and Occupiers of considerable Estates, Coal Mines, and Lime Works, adjoining, or lying near to, the Line of the said intended Roads) will be very materially injured: And therefore praying, That, they may be heard, by themselves

t)erby, &c. Road.

Kinnerley, &c. Inclosure.

Ipswich, &c. Road.

Excise on Ram.

Cricklade

Election.

25 Geo. III. 28

or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Derby, residing near the Roads thereinafter described, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, " and several other Roads therein mentioned," was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Trustees under an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing, widening, „ and keeping in Repair, the Road leading " from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, " to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in " the' said County," was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Kinnerley and Melverley, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hill\ &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Rous presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Ipswich to Beccles, and from the said Road to Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsliam, through Haleszvoi'th, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Excise on Rum imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Two Years ending at Christmas 1764, and Christmas 1783, and distinguishing the Produce of the Excises imposed since 1764.

Mr. Johnston reported from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneage, and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; That the said Committee met this Day at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Saturday last, and Sir William Mansel, Baronet (One of the Members of Vol. 40.

the said Committee) not attending, the Committee continued to sit for One Hour, and then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And Mr. Johnston informed the House, that he had received a Letter from the said Sir William Mansel, acquainting him that he was much indisposed, and unable to attend the said Committee; and that thereupon he had visited Sir William Mansel this Morning, and found him very ill with a Fit of the Gout.

Ordered, That the said Sir William Mansel, Baronet, be discharged from any further Attendance on the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do proceed { Tomorrow Morning, pursuant to their Adjournment, in the Consideration of the said Petitions, notwithstanding the Absence of the said Sir William Mansel

The House being informed that Mr. Hosier, One of Militia, the Deputy Auditors of the Land Revenue, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Charge of the Militia of the Kingdom, from 1765 to 1775; distinguishing each Year, and the different Heads of Charge.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to whom Cheltenham, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, &c* Roads, and others, residing in and near the several Towns and Parishes of Cheltenham, Charlton Kings, Leckhamp-ton, Dowdeswell, 8$c.; and also, the Petition of the Acting Commissioners, and several Mortgagees, of the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, to Pewsdozvn Ash and Combcnd Beeches, and also from the Town of Cheltenham to a certain Place in the Road leading to Tewkesbury, in the same County, called Pff's Elm, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, in respect to the Application in the first-mentioned Petition, for Power to amend the several Roads therein mentioned; but that the said Standing Orders had not been complied with in respect to the Petition of the Acting Trustees and several Mortgagees of the Turnpike Roads therein mentioned, they not having been apprized of the Intention to apply to Parliament for Power to amend the said new-intended Roads till too late to give the necessary Public Notices required by the said Standing Orders; and, moreover, that the Committee were informed, by the Agent for the said last mentioned Petition, that all the Mortgagees have signed the Petition, being convinced that incorporating the old Turnpike Roads With the newr-in tended Turnpike Roads will be of great Public Advantage, and the only Means of preserving their Securities; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his riace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Thomas Hughes being examined, said, That the Roads described in this Petition are much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot he effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law’.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned 7 p Petition,

4

Rothwell Haigh Inclosure.

Greystock

Inclosure.

Whitby

Road.

57°

28° Februarii.

A. 1785.

-Petition, an Act passed in tie Fourth Year of His

?eseat Majesty's Reign; and also, an Act of the wenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, therein recited, for repairing (amongst other Roads therein mentioned) the -Roads leading from the Town of Cheltenham to Pcwsdown Ash and Combend Beeches, and to.PijjTs Elm, were read; And,

Mr. Hughes being again examined, said, That the incorporating of the said last mentioned Roads with the Roads described in the said first-mentioned Petition, will be of Public Utility, and be the only Means of preserving the Securities of the present Mortgagees under the said Acts.

Mr. Christopher Gardner confirmed Mr. Hughess Evidence.

OrderedThat the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notices may be given at the ensuing Easter Quarter Sessions, of the Peace to be held for the County of Gloucester, and by Advertisements in the Newspapers published within the said County in the Month of March next, of the Application to Parliament, by the Acting Commissioners and Mortgagees under the said Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in such and the like Manner as are required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioner is sole Owner of a certain Tract of Open Ground called Rothwell Haigh, situate within the Parish of Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York, over which several Persons are entitled to Right of Common by Agistment, which said Tract of Open Ground, in its present Situation, is incapable of Improvement; and that, if the said Tract of Open Ground was divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioner, and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, the same might be cultivated and improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Tract of Open Ground, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britcm, for the Ser- Supply Bill; vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Land Tax-Eighty-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Copimittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, accord- st. Maiy ing to Order, a Bill for better paving, widening, Magdalen, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, ^terI°nd8c^ Yards, Courts, Alleys, and passages within tj>at Part 5 ree’*‘ of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey) in the County of Surrey) called the Waterside Division) and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watdiiqg such Part of the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southw^k, to Deptford, in the County of Kent, as lies within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish, and for other Purposes:

And the same was received; and read thp First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tune.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Public Copy of the Treasury Minute of the 23d of August Offices. 1783, directing to be laid before the Board the Accounts of the Expences of the several Public Offices mentioned in the said Minute.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comptrollers Copy of the Letter from the Comptrollers of the Army of Army Accounts, dated the 30th of Septe?nber 1783, together with a Copy of the new Establishment of their Office* sent therewith; and also, a Copy of any A|>plicatian, from the said Comptrollers, relating to Additions to be made to the Establishment of their Office.

Accounts.

Treasury

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a _ ____ Copy of any Minute of the Board of Treasury, made Office.K since the 1st of July 1782, respecting the Establishment of the Officers serving in the Office of the Treasury.

Sir Henry Fletcher presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Barony and Parish of Greystock) in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received 5 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun* combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Eive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order made iichester upon Thursday last, for taking into Consideration, Election, upon the 24th Day of March next, the Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire, complaining erf an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Iichester, in the County of Somerset, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YeM,{= Tellers for the Noes,jJlr-

'} *30.

A Bill for granting an Aid

Cl

to His Majesty by a

_Mr. Pulteney:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 14th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

The House was also moved, That the Order made upon Thursday last, for taking into Consideration, upon the 24th Day of March next, the Petition of Samuel Smith, Esquire, John Pear'son, Clerk, Edward Williams, Gentleman, John Fudge, Senior, George Harvey, and George Brooks, Electors of the Borough of Iichester, in the County of Somerset, 6n behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

East India lay Again,.

""Hi

h

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Southwark

Election.

z5 Geo,. III. 28° Febrmru.- — 1 2° Martii.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 14th Day of June next, at the same Time foot the Petition «of George Johnstone, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

S7*

Question first put, till Tomorrow Time of lh6 -peck in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Afo Speaker, without a Question first put, (till To-Morrow Merging, Ten of tfap Clock.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for u better Regulation and Management of the Affairs 4‘ of the East India Company, and of the British Pos-41 sessions in Lidia, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of €< Persons accused of Offences committed in The East " Indies" miglitbe read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters and Orders of the Court of ‘Directors of the United East India Company, in pursuance of the Injunctions contained in the 37th and 38th Clauses of the said Act;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, S"} ft.

Tellers for the Noes, } «<*

So it passed in the Negative.

'The Orders of the ‘Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday 'Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near One of the Clock on Tuesday M or ping, adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mantis, 1° die Martii;

Anno 25* Georgii III. Regis, 1785. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Sir Richard Botham, Knight; and also, the Petition of Elisha Tebb, Betijamin Shaw, John King, John Kent, Thomas Thomas, Joseph Bromley, and James Saylc, and others, Electors in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Ninety-'Six Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into f Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a

Mercurii, 2° die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii HP1 Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Southwark itioiHhe Petition of Sir Richard Botham, Knight; Election, and also, the Petition of Elisha Tebb, Benjamin Share,

John King, John Kent, Thomas Thomas, Joseph Bromley, and James Sayleh and others, Electors in she Borough ,of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant a,t Arms was direated by Mr. Speaker 4x> go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require she immediate Attendance of the Members on (the Business of the House.;

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Sixteen Members being found to be present, besides Mr. Speaker;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in (to the Bar.

And the Door of the House (being locked, *be -Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read *the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions Consideration.

Andithe same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and -read, by Mr.’Speaker, *0 the House.

And the Names of Thirteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right ‘honourable Riohard Rigby being drawn, he required Xo be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same.upon Oath, be was excused accordingly.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was notobjected to.

And the Name of the Earl of Surrey being <lrawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and his Name was set aside.

And the Name of John Macnamara, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Two other'Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of lliGhard Wiibraham Bootle, Esquire, 'being drawn, lie required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

57*

— 3° .

A. 1785.

: And the Names of Fourtefctf other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Graves, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the Jsaid. Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Fifteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Sixty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Twenty-three, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Thirty-four, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Five, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And Note also, That there was One Member present in the House, whose Name was not in the Box, the said Member, returned on a new Writ, not having taken his Seat on Monday last, till after the Box was made up.

And the Names of all the Members of the House having been drawn from the Glasses, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House; and it appearing that there > wanted Four Names to complete the List of Forty-nine Members, to be delivered to the Counsel at the Bar, Four Members present; videlicet, Richard Wil-Iraham Bootle, Esquire, who had been excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, as before mentioned, Henry Duncombe, Esquire, and George Sutton, Esquire, who had before been excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, severally served on a Select Committee, and Robert Vyner, Esquire, who had also been before excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, and which on a former Occasion he had verified upon Oath, severally offered to retract the Excuses which they had before made; and informed the House, that they were willing that their Names should be added to the Names drawn, and not excused or set aside, in order to make the said List of Forty-nine Names complete, if the House thought proper.

The House was moved, That Two several Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections and Returns, might be read;

( And the same were read accordingly;

And a Debate arising, whether it was competent to the House to permit the said Members to retract their Excuses, as by them proposed to be done;

And a Member, in his Place, having objected to the said Members having Leave to retract their Excuses;

Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, adjourned the Order for taking the said Petitions into Consideration until Tomorrow, a Quarter before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker^ without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Note. The Door of the House was not unlocked till after Mr. Speaker had adjourned the House.

Jovisy 3° die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItil Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

E Hour appointed for

TH

r

taking into Conside- Southwark ration the Petition of Sir Rickard Hotham, Election. Knight; and also, the Petition of Elisha Tebb, Benjamin Shaw, John King, John Kent, Thomas Thomas, Joseph Brvmley, and James Sayle, and others, Electors in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Seventeen Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read, by Mr. Speaker, to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-two Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to r

And the Name of the Lord West cote being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having, at the Table, verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twelve other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Macnamara, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the "Name of the Earl of Surrey being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners, and hb Name was set aside.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Six, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Fifteen, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to thb House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Twenty-one, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Four,

on

5 Geo. III. 30 Mar573

On Acccount of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused Or set aside, being complete;

Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk

to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides With-drew.

l) The Counsel and Agents being again returned to the

n, liar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the Lists

e which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Pre-

’ sence, together with a new List of the Names of the

1 Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck, to which last mentioned List the Names of John Macnamara,

J Esquire, and the Earl of SaiTty, being added, the same

was called over, and is as follows;

\ Robert Famhawe, Esquire, Sir Philip Hales, Baro*

r net, the Honourable Charles Phipps, Charles Lefebure,

Esquire, John Mortlock, Esquire, Alexander Hood,

2; Esquire, the Honourable John Jcfferys Pratt, John

Ro/k, Esquire, John Thomas Ellis, Esqiiire, Andrew Mct>oually Esquire, William Bellingham, Esquire, James Gordon, Esquire, Sir Christopher Sykes, Baronet, John 5 Macnamara, Esquire, the Earl of Surrey.

5 And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Sir Richard Hot ham, Knight; and also, the Petition

of Elisha Tebb, Benjamin Shaw, John King, John Ketiiy; Thomas Thomas, Joseph Bromley, and James Sayle, and

others, Electors in the Borough of Southwark, in the ' County of Suney, now taken into Consideration, were

( sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual

Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents oil both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Exchequer Chamber, in Westminster HalL

Colchester The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Election. the Petition of Samuel Tyssen, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors in the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to tiy and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty-seven Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Side9 were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk I was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read, by Mr. Speaker, to the House.

And the Names of Twenty Member^ then present* were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Mr, Chancellor of the Exche-V01. 40.

quer being drawn, he again stated to the Hou$e the like Reasons which he offered to the House on the 11th Day of February last; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Sixteen other Members, th&i present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable George Keith ElpKmstone being drawn, he offered to the House, as ah Excuse for not serving on the said Select Committee, that he had been afflicted with a fcev£re Illness, from which he was but very lately recovered; and, that he could not possibly attend the said Committee, without -great and manifest Detriment to the present uncertain State of his Health: And the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, in Manner before mentioned, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, Mr. Speaker putting the Question to the House, That the said Member (in respect of what he has now so alledgCd and verified) bfe excused from serving on the Said Select Committee Which being agreed to by the House, he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of One other Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord Arden being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, and his Name Was set aside.

And the Names of Twelve other Members, thep present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those Who w£rfc absent from the House; Four, oh Account of their being Sirtty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Eleven, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Nine, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Three, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees: and One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parlihment not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused, or set aside, bbin<* complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners named Lancdot Brown, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were deG-vered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Notice being taken, that Tomorrow there will be Committees Five Committees sitting oil the Trials of Petitions com- on Elections' plaining of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it is expedient for carrying on the public Business, that do Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return, should be taken into Consideration in the Course of the next Week;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers fcr the Teas, {ZZ^^Mppf } 91'

Tellers for the Noes, } 7*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House was moved, That the several Orders Election appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the ?*iitio5* several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and de err

7 G Returns.

Election

Petitions

deferred.

574

5° Martii. 1785.

Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford\ in the County of Sussex1; for the County of Bedford; for the County of Bucks; for the Shire of Elgin and Forres; for the District of Burghs of Wigton, Whithorn, New Galloway, and Stranrcnver; for the District of Boroughs of Kirkzvall, Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall; for the Borough of Salt ash, in the County of Cornwall; for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for the Borough of Wootton Bassett, in the County of Wilts; for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon; for the Borough of Newtown, otherwise Frankville, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton; for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall; for the Distinct of Burghs of Kilrenny, Anstruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Pit-tenweem, and Craill; for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon; for the District of Boroughs of Queensfcrry, Stirling, Imcrkeithing, Dunfennline, and Culross; for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for the District of Boroughs of Haddington.r Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Jedburgh; for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts; for the County of 'Fife; for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk; for the City and County of the City of Bristol; for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon; for the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan, Lochmabcn, and Kirkcudbright; for the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster; and for the Borough of Ikhester, in the County of Somerset, might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the same were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose N^mes are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of the Honourable Lewis Thomas Watson, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and Port, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 15th Day of this Instant March, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Bedford, he taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 17th Day of this Instant March, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Verney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also* the Petition of the several Persons w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and, ^others, being Freeholders duly entitled to - vote in flic Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 22d Day of this Instant March, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, Thatv the Petition of Alexander Penrose Gumming, of Altyre, Esquire; and also the Petition of the Freeholders of the Shire of Elgin and Forres, thereunto subscribing, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Shire, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 5th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire* complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Wigton, Whithorn, New Galloway, and Stranraxcer, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 7U1 Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petitions of John Sinclair, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election

and Return for the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall, JVick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingztiall, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 12th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable George Gordon, commonly called Lord Strathaven, and John Curtis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 14th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clayton, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being In-Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 19th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wootton Bassett, in the County of Wilts, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 21st Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Humphy Minchin, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Cunningham Vichry, Noah Cartwright, John Youlden, Henry Gale,' Joseph Harris, Henry Jole, William Jok, John Lane, John Limebear, William Weekes, Echvard Partridge, Thomas Earle, and Thomas Gliddon, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devonh in Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the same Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 26th Day of April next, at-Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Electors of the Borough of Newtown, otherwise Frankville, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 28th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable George Legge, commonly called Lord Viscount Lexis-ham, md John Bettesworth, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 3d Day of May next, at. Three of the Clock in thfe Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Andrew Gray, Baillie, William Gray, Junior, Alexander Tennant, James Bailout yne, William Halson, and Alexander Jordan, Constituent Members of the Town Council of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, on the 16th Day of April 1784, and of Colonel John Thompson, of Charltmn, elected by them Commissioner or Delegate to vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament to represent that District of Burghs; and also, the Petition of the Magistrates and Toyvn Council of the Burgh of Craill, and James Moncrief Esquire, of Sauchope, elected by them Commissioner or Delegate to vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament to represent that District of Burghs; and also, the Petition of Thomas Smart, John Reid, David Lowson, Robert Anderson, David Watson, and John Anderson, all Constituent Members of the Town Council of the Borough of Kilrenny, on the 9th of April 17S4; and of Sir Robert Anstruther, of Balcaskie, Baronet, elected by them Commissioner or Delegate to vote in the Election

25 Geo. III. }

575

of a Member of Parliament to represent that District of Boroughs, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Kil-renny, Anstruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Pitten-ueem, and Craill, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 5th Day of May next, at Three of \h& Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Henry Southcote, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 10th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Colonel James Fra?icis strskine, of Forrest, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Queensferry, Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dunfb'mline, and Culross, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 12th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Bpfough; and also, the Petition of John Lowther, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 19th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Johnstone, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Jedburgh, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 24th Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Hands and Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and other Voters in the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 26th Day of May next, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir John Henderson, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Fi/e, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 31st Day of May next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 2d Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Daubeny, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of Behalf'of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 7th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 9th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Augustus Scl-wyn, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Vol. 40.

Return for the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan,

Lochmaben, and Kirkcudbright, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 14th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon 'Thursday the 16th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Johnstone,

Esquire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Smith,

Esquire, John Pearson, Clerk, Edward Williams, Gentleman, John Fudge, Senior, George Harvey, and George Brooks, Electors of the Borough of llcheste?\ in the County of Somerset, on Behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 21st Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum: '

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders N for their Attendance accordingly.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Commercial House, by His Majesty’s Command, Intercourse

Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council, With Ireland* appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, upon the Two Questions referred to them by His Majesty’s Order in Council of the 14th of January last, viz. 1st, Upon the Propriety of reducing the Duties payable in Great Britain on the Importation of Goods the Growth and Manufacture of Ireland, to the same Rate as the Duties payable in Irelaiid on the Importation of the like Goods the Growth and Manufacture of Great Britain;

2d, What Preferences are now given to the Importation of any Article the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, by any Duty or Prohibition on the Importation, Use, or Sale, of the like Articles from Foreign Parts, and how far it may be the Interest of Great Britain in future to continue or alter the same:

And also,

Accounts annexed to the said Report by Way of Appendix; viz.

N° I. An Account of the Quantities and Species of Goods imported into Ireland from Foreign Parts, for Seven Years, ended the 25th March 1783; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 2. An Account of the Export Trade of Ireland to Foreign Parts, for Seven Years, ending the 25th March 1783; each Year distinguished: And also,

N° 3. A printed Account of the Imports into Ireland from Africa and America, for Five Years, ending 25th March. 1784; distinguishing the Quantities-and Rates of Values, with the Rates of Duties in the last Year: And also,

N° 4. A printed Account of the Exports from Ireland to Africa and America, for Five Years, ending the 25th March 1784; distinguishing the Quantities and Rates of Values, with the Rates of Duties in the last Year: And also,

N° 5. A printed Account of the Imports and Exports between that Part of Great Britain called England and Ireland, for Five Years, ending at Christmas 1783, being the latest Period to which the same can be completed; distinguishing each Year, and the several Articles: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Quantity of Raw and Thrown Silk imported into the Kingdom of Ireland, for Ten Years, ending the 25th March 1783; each Year distinguished: And also,

N°V An Account of the Quantity of Wrought

Silk,

576

3° Mar Hi.

A. 1785.

Colchester

Election.

Silk, deluding Silk Gauze, and Ribbands, imported into the Kingdom of Ireland\ for Ten Years, ended the 25th of March 1783 And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Value of Silk and Worsted, Silk and Inkle, Silk and Cotton, mixed Manufacture, imported into the Kingdom of Ireland, for Ten Years, ending the 25th of Mai'ch 1783; each Year distinguished: And also,

N° 9. An Account of the Amount in Value of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Ireland, exported to Great Britain, the British Colonies and Plantations, and the rest of the World j also, the Amount in Value of the Imports from each, for Ten Years, ending the 25th March 1783; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Amount in Value of all Goods exported from Ireland to Great Britain, the British Colonies and Plantations, and the rest of the World; also, the Amount in Value of the Imports from each, for Ten Years, ending the 25th March 1782; distinguishing each Year.

And the Titles of the said Report and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Report and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report and Accounts (except such of the said Accounts as have already been printed by Order of this House) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Lord Arden and Lancelot Brawn, Esquire, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows;

Sir James Steuart Denham, Baronet, William MaCar-mick, Esquire, John Purling, Esquire, Francis Annesley, Esquire, the Lord Viscount Grimston, Sir Matthexo White Ridley, Baronet, John Tempest, Esquire, Walt a' Sneyd, Esquire, Rickard Aldworth Neville, Esquire, George Douglas, Esquire, Orlando Bridgeman, Esquire, James Adams, Esquire, John Calvert, Junior, Esquire, the Lord Arden, Lancelot Brown, Esquire.

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Samuel Tyssen, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors in the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in the Court of Chancery, in Westminster Halt:

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an equal Participation in all the Privileges and Advantages of a Community should, by every Rule of Right, Reason, and Justice, include in it a mutual Obligation to encourage, maintain, and defend those Rights, and to contribute equally to their Support; that the Island of Great Britain, when first united in Legislation, Manufactures, Navigation, and Commerce, became united also in Taxation towards the general Support of the common Good; that Admission of any neighbouring Kingdom to a full Share in all these Rights, without subjecting her to sustain a due Proportion of the general Burthen too, would be a great Deviation from those Principles upon which the Union of this Island was wisely founded; that our American Colonies, first established by ourselves, still supported by our Consumption of their Productions, and protected by our Navy, at a constant and immense Expence, make only 'an equitable Return to the Parent State, by rendering Britain the grand Mart of their Intercourse with Europe; that, from the Vicinity of Ireland, and its great Extent of Coast, no inconsiderable Part of the West India Productions, especially such Articles as arc subject here to the heaviest Duties, might be smuggled in upon us, to the great Detriment of the Revenue of this Part of His Majesty’s Dominions; and that, as the Productions of Fqreign Plantations may be legally imported into Ireland, they may from thence be clandestinely introduced amongst us, and our own Colonies thereby deprived of the Advantages they now derive from the exclusive Supply of this Country: And therefore praying, That the Privilege of supplying her own Markets with the Produce of her ow n Colonies may be preserved inviolate to this Kingdom, and that every further Extension of Trade between Great Britain and Ireland may be established upon such equitable Principles as will redound equally to the mutual Benefit of both Countries.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Westminster thereunder written, Electors of the City and Liberty Election, of Westminster, in Behalf of themselves and several Thousand Electors, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election for the said City^ many Hundred Persons polled who by no Means were entitled so to do; and that, at the Conclusion of the said Election, which had continued Forty Days, a Scrutiny was demanded by Sir Cecil Wray and certain Electors, which Scrutiny was granted by the High Bailiff, who has been since ordered, by this Honourable House, to proceed in the same; and that the Petitioners, anxious to discover and expose any Imposition which may have tended to violate the Right of Election, and apprehending that Endeavours may be made use of to rescind the late Order of the House, respecting the Continuance of the Scrutiny, do most earnestly entreat the further Indulgence of die House, in full Persuasion that, from the farther Prosecution of the Enquiry, they shall be able to procure Justice, the only Motive for demanding the Scrutiny, and the sole Object of the Petitioners Application.

Ordered, That the said Petition do . lie upon the Table.

Ditto*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Ditto* Most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, posed, That, it appearing to this House, that Thomas

Corbett, Esquire, High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, having received a Precept from the Sheriff of Middlesex, for electing Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, had taken, and finally closed, the Poll, on the 17th Day of May lest, being the Day next before the Day of the Return of the said 6 Writ,

upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of Liverpool, whose Names are

Supply.

Ways and Cleans.

Supply.

Fees, &c. of

Public

Offices.

35 Geo. III. 3 — 40 Martil

577

Writ, he be now directed forthwith to make Return of his Precept of Members chosen in pursuance thereof;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for >he MmUr’ } , 04.

TeUersfor«.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That, it appearing to this House, that Thomas Corbett, Esquire, High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, having received a Precept from the Sheriff of Middlesex, for electing Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, had taken and finally closed the Poll on the 17th Day of May last, being the Day next before the Day of the Return of the said Writ, he be now directed forthwith to make Re-' turn of his Precept of Members chosen in pursuance thereof.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the last Election for the City of Westminster, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Proceedings be expunged from the Journal of this House;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the House do now adjourn.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 3d Day of A/flfj/1782, of the Orders for expunging from the Journals of this House the Proceedings respecting the Election of John Wilkes, Esquire, for the County of Middlesex, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion, for the House to adjourn, was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then a Debate arising in the House, upon the Motion for expunging the 9aid Proceedings of the 8th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, from the Journal of this House;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Aax* upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Norton have Lekve to go Leave of the Northern Circuit. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Burton have Leave to go the Oxford Circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Lee have Leave to go the Northern Circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor have Leave to go the Northern Circuit.

Ordered, That Mr* Adam have Leave to go the Home Circuit;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Davenport have Leave to go the Northern Circuit

Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is Gloucester Concerned in the Bill for building a new Gaol, a Gao*-House of Correction to be used as a Penitentiary House, and other Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same, which Bill was, upon Friday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Martii; Anno 250 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole Mouse, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Olfices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

VOL. 40;

Prayers.

CT* HO M A S Oom, Charles Frederick Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbert, took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Penton have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, on Account of his Absence. Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on Account of his Health.

A Bill for better paving, widening, cleansing, St. Mary lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Magdalen Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Alary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in r *s* the County of Surrey, called The Waterside Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching such Part of the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the County of Kent, as lies within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

7 II Resolved,

Bideford

Roads.

Colerne

inclo&urt.

Leave of Absence.

Harvington

Inclosure.

Sunderland Port, &c*

578 4° Mar Hi.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mazvbey, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several Roads " leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County " of Devonf was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which hath been applied in amending the said Roads; and that the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the Act is continued, and some Further and other Powers granted for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Clevland, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re- -cords.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Arable Fields, and the Down or Common called Colerne Down, within the Parish of Colerne, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddocke, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord TValtham have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of uninclosed and Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harvington, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish contains several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in.a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Barrow, Mr. Edward Foley, and Mr. Lygon, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Eden reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of the River Wear, and of the Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, named and appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth

A. 1785.

" Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" " An Act for the better Preservation and Ira*

" provement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven " of Sunderland, in the County of Durhamas " relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and " the River Wear, between South Biddick, or Biddick " Ford, and the said Port and Haven," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the several other Commissioners named and appointed by, and in pursuance of, the said Act, was referred;

'That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, was read: And

John Thornhill, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That the Commissioners have been at a great Expence in erecting a Pier and Quay at or near the Mouth of the River, in deepening the Channel, and in other necessary Works, for the Improvement and Security ot’ the Navigation of the River, Port, and Haven, and from whence great Benefits and Advantages have arisen — That the Pier is now in so ruinous a State, that it is expected to fall; by which Means the Harbour would be greatly injured: Then

Mr. Robert Shout, Engineer for the Port of Sunderland, being examined, said, That the outer Part of the present Pier is in so ruinous a State, that it is more adviseable to build a new one, than to attempt to repair the old one — That a new Pier is actually begun, and some Progress made in it — That he has not the least Doubt but the new-intended Pier will be of great Utility to the Harbour, by standing more to the Southward, and making the Harbour easier of Access than it is at present; and that a greater Depth of Water will be obtained upon the Bar — That he apprehends the Expence of performing the new Works will amount to £60,000, and upwards; to answer which the present Duties are very inadequate — That there remains £500 due of Money heretofore borrowed, and near £700 to different Tradesmen.

And Mr. Shout produced and explained a Plan of the Harbour, with the intended Alterations pointed out; which Plan, it appeared to your Committee, had been approved of by Mr. Smeaton, the Engineer.

Mr Martin Wilkinson confirmed Mr. Shout's Evidence, with respect to the Money borrowed, and now due on Security.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham: And that Sir John Eden, General Lamb ton, and Mr. Tempest, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Call reported from the Committee, to whom the Calling^ Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading from Calling ton, in the County of u Cornwall and for widening and repairing the Road leading from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Parish of Stoke Climsland, and also, the Road from Penters-cross, in the Parish of Pillaton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to 7 report

stepriesenta-tion m Parliament.

ttabridgd Market, &c.

Ipswich, &c« Hoad.

Bulcamp, Ac. Hoad.

25 Geo. III. 40 Ma 579

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

A Petition, of the principal Inhabitants and freeholders within the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House* and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellence of the Constitution of this Country, most ardently wish to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded; and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the People in Parliament, the Commons in this Realm are partially and inadequately represented, and consequently cannot have that Security for their Liberties, which it is the Aim of the Constitution to give them: And therefore supplicating the House, to take into their most serious Consideratioil the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and apply such Remedies to this great Constitutional Evil, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking down the present Market House, and certain other Buildings, in the Town of Uxbridge, for the Purpose of widening the High Street; and for paving the Footways, and lighting and cleansing the Streets and other. Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercers Bridge and High Bridge *, and for re-building the said Market House: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a* Second Time.

A Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Ipswich to Beccles, and from the said Road to Beech Lane, in the Parish of Oar sham, through Halesworthj to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

'Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rous, Sir John Wodehouse, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Suffolk; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; but that Mr. Peter Jermyn, Junior, informed the Committee, that the Persons who have signed the said Petitions were prevented complying with the said Standing Orders, because the Notices which were regularly given to apply to Par* V o l. 40.

liamerit for the Act, under which these Petitioners pray that the Roads described in their Petitions may be included, were not inserted in the Newspapers till the Three last Weeks in the Month of September, and because the Road was originally intended to be continued from Bulcamp to Beccles; but the Inhabitants of Beccles had since come to a Resolution to oppose the Bill if it extended beyond Bulcamp aforesaid, which is Nine Miles short of Beccles; that for this Reason the Inhabitants of Lowestoft and Yarmouth have, with general Consent* petitioned that the Line of Road should be changed as expressed in the said Petitions: and that the Road from Bulcamp, through Lowestoft to Little Yarmouth, should be amended instead of the Road from Bulcamp to Beccles; and he proved to the Committee, that Notices in the usual Form had been inserted in the Country Newspapers Twice in the Month of January, and Once iii the Month of February last; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Said Petitions*

Mr. John Hare, a Surveyor, being examined, said,

That the Road from Bulcamp through Lowestoft to Yarmouth, is considerably shorter than the Road through Beccles, and may be repaired at a less Expence; and that the Road between Beccles and Yarmouth is frequently, in the Winter Time, so overflowed, ps to be impassable; and he concluded with saying, that it would be a great Advantage to Yarmouth, and of public Utility, that the now proposed Line of Road should be amended.

George Bitton, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence; and added, That Materials may much more easily be procured on the Line of Road through Lowestoft, than they can on the Road through Beccles.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted, that Notice may be given at the ensuing Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County of Suffolk, of the Application to Parliament for repairing the Road leading from Bulcamp through Wangford, JVrentham, Pakefeld, and Lowestoft* to the Turnpike Road at South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, instead of the Road from Bulcamp to Beccles, aforesaid, in such and the like Manner as is required to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, of Applications intended to be made relative to Turnpike Bills.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee* Ashlll in-to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing closure, the Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and

New Sarum

Council

House.

Frodington

Inclosure.

White Sheet Hill Road.

580 40 Mar Hi. 1785.

and then a Second 'time, One by One; and, upon and to amend, and keep in Repair, the Roads therein the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may by the House. be given to bring in a Bill for declaring that the said

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be recited Act, and all the Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Pro-ingrossed. visoes, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein contained, and also the Act to be passed "for that Pur*>

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the pose, may be in full Force and Effect, and have City of New Sarum, was presented to the House, and Continuance, from and after the passing such new read; Setting forth, That the Council House, the Act, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years*

Guildhall, and the Common Gaol within the said and from thence to the End of the then next Session

City, are ancient Buildings, and are become very m- of Parliament, for the Purpose of amending, widen*

inous and unfit for the several Purposes to which they ing, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads de-are appropriated, and it is proper that the same scribed in the said former Act, and for making such

should be taken down, and a new Council House, additional Term subject and liable to the Payment

Guildhall, and Common Gaol, erected upon the Scites of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of thereof, or in some other convenient Places within or the said former Act, and all Interest due, and to grow near to the said City; and that divers Fairs and Mar- due, for the same.

kets are holden within the said City, and it would be Ordered\ That the said Petition be referred to the of Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-the rest of the Inhabitants, and also to the several mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Persons frequenting the said Fairs and Markets, if shall appear to them, to the House: some Provision was made for regulating the same, and And it is referred to the I^ord Beauchamp, Mr. for ascertaining and regulating the Tolls of the said Penruddocke, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Fairs and Markets, and if a small Toll was authorized Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers

to be taken for certain Cattle exposed to Sale at the Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers*

said Fairs and Markets, for which no Toll is at present and Records, paid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given

to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes Sir George Howard reported from the Committee* De Luc's before mentioned, by such Ways and Means, in such to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Andrew De Nat.

Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall Luc, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

think proper. mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to be true; and that the Committee had directed Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- him to report the Bill to the House, without any mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the shall appear to them, to the House: Clerk’s Table.

And it is referred to Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Hussey, Ordered' That the Bill be ingrossed.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Derby, &c. and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Road-Records. Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and " Road from Derby to Mansfield\ in the County f Waste Lands, called Frodington, otherwise Fraddington, " Nottingham, and several other Roa s therein men-otherwise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common " tioned," was read the Third Time, and IPastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Porlsea, and County of Southampton, was read a Second he, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Time. an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

Jervoise, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this " An Act for repairing and widening the Road from’ Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers " Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham,

Chamber. " and several other Roads therein mentioned."

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the A Petition of Francis Eyre, Esquire, on Behalf of Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, himself and others, Creditors on a certain Part of the Turnpike Road leading from Shaftesbury to Sa- A Bill for amending and improving the Navigation ArunNavj. lisbury, was presented to the House, and read; Set- of the lliver A run, from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish gation. ting forth, That, under an Act of Parliament, passed of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Great, in the Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road said County, and for continuing and extending the " from the Turnpike Road on the Top of White Navigation of the said River Aran, from the said " Sheet Hill to a Place called The Hare Warren, and Wharf, called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain Bridge,

" from thence to the Index Post standing near the called Newbridge, situate in the Parishes of Pulborough " Blandford Turnpike Road on the Side of Harnham and JVisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex,

11 Hill; and also for repairing and widening the was read a Second Time.

" Road from the said Index Post to a House called Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

" Master Baker's Farm House, in the County of Fitzherbert, the Earl of Surrey, &c.: And they are " Wilts," the said Turnpike Road was made, and to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the divers Sums of Money to the Amount of £.1,400, Speakers Chamber, have been borrowed for that Purpose, which still remains due, and particularly the Principal Sum of A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Brampton

£.500, with about £.400 for Interest, is now due to are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, Closure, the Petitioner Francis Eyre; and that it is necessary or interested in, the several Open Fields, Commons, that the said Act, which expired last Session of Par- and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, or liament. should be renewed or continued for a fur- Free Chapelry, of Brampton, in the County of Derby, ther Term in order to repay the Money borrowed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

° That

Watling

Street

through

Churchover

Road.

Shoreditch

Streets.

25 Geo. III. 40 Martit.581

That the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste thereby intended, and the said Act has in several Grounds, within the said Manor, Parish, or Free Cha- other Respects been found ineffectual to answer the pelry, are, in their present Situation, incapable of any Purposes thereby intended, whereby several Debts considerable Improvement, but if the same w?ere di- have been incurred, which the Petitioners are unable vided and allotted amongst the several Owners there- to pay without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore of, and Persons interested therein, according to their praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill respective Rights and Interests, it would be a manifest for enabling the Petitioners to borrow a further Sum Advantage to them, and tend greatly to the Improve- of Money for the Purposes of the said Acts, and to ment of their Estates: And therefore praying, That compleat the several Purposes thereby intended, and

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes for discharging the said Debts, under such Regula-aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought tions and Restrictions as to the House shall seem proper. meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it in, the same. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Alder-A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- man Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday holders, of the County of tVarwick, was presented to Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, leading from a Place called The Gibbet, on the lVatling and Records.

Street Road, through the Parishes of Churchover,

Brozcnsover, Nezvbold upon Avon, Rugby, and Bilton, A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe- Aylesbury, all in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road cution an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His pre- &c*Road* between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County, sent Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from at or near a Public House known by the Sign of The Aylesbwy, in the County of Buckingham, through Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton, is very much fre- Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road be-quested by Horses and Carriages, not only on Ac- tween Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of count of the Free Grammar School at Rugby, and the Oxford, and of several other Persons, whose Names many considerable Annual Fairs and Weekly Markets are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, holden at that Place, but on Account also of its being and read; Setting forth, That, for performing the the principal Line of Communication between those Trusts by the said Act granted, several considerable Parts of the Counties of Leicester and JVarwick\ and Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of that the greatest Part of the said Road is in a very the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be re-ruinous Condition, and in great Want of Repair, paid, and the said Road compleated, and kept in Re-and, in that Part of it where it crosses the River Avon, pair for the future, unless the Term and Powers of between the Parishes of Rugby and Newbold, it is for the said Act are enlarged; and Alledging, that it a considerable Length so very low as to render the would be of great public Advantage, if Provision was Approach to the Bridge there in Times of Floods, ex- made for amending the Road from the present Turn-tremely dangerous, and the Want of a more safe and pike Road opposite Rook's Lane, through the Liber-commodious Conveyance along the said Road, and ties of Nexv Thame, Old Thame, and Thame Park, the especially over that Part of the River, is greatly felt Liberty or Hamlet of Attington, and Liberty of Post-by a considerable Part of the Country: And therefore comb, to the Turnpike Road between Titsworth and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Postcomb, and also, the Road irom the Market Town for amending and widening the said Road, in such of Watlington, through that Parish, and the Parishes Manner as to the House shall seem meet. of Cucksham, Easington, and Chalgrove, the Liberty of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ascot, and the Parish of Stadhampton, to the present Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Turnpike Road, near the Toll Gate at Brockhamp-mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it ton> and Road from the said Gate, through

shall appear to them, to the House: the Liberty of Brockhampton, and Parishes of Chiste-

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lawley, Sir George hampton, March Balden, and Toot Balden, to join the Augustus William Shuckburgh, See.: And they are to Oxford Turnpike Road at a Place called The Golden meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, Ball, in the said Parish of Toot Balden, all in the said in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for County of Oxford: And therefore praying. That Leave Persons, Papers, and Records. may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and

Powers of the said Act, and for amending and w idening A Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Exe- the said other Roads, cution an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His pre- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the sent Majesty’s Reign, for opening certain Passages, Consideration ot a Committee: And that they do ex-and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of shall appear to them, to the House:

Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, Sir Robert and for putting in Execution another Act, made in the I*ong, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morn-Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for ingnext, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chain-amending and rendering more effectual the above- her; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and mentioned Act, and for extending the Powers of the Records, said Act to such Part of a Lane, called Hog Lane, as

lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the said A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Tunstead* County, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, ^c* Poor* ting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes,

Execution of the said Acts, and have caused the and Saleable Underwoods, in the Hundreds of Tun* greatest Part of the Streets and other Places therein stead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk, whose mentioned to be paved and repaired, but find, that Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-the Money authorized to be borrowed by the said selves and all others chargeable with, and contri-Acts, and the Securities thereby made liable to pay buting to, the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor the same, are insufficient for answering the Purposes within the said Hundreds, was presented to the House,

Vol. 40. ' 7 I and

’t

58$ 40 Martii. . 1785.

and read 5 Setting forth, That the Roor within the Mr. Wilbaforte and Mr. DunCmbc do prepare, and several Parishes in the said Hundreds are considerably bring in, the same, increased, arid maintained at a much greater Charge

than formerly, but, if they were put under proper A Petition of Sir Henry Etherington, Baronet, Jo- Beverley,&c.

Government, and a Place provided for their general seph Robinson Pease, Esquire, and of the several Persons l)rainagt. Reception, the Aged and Infirm might be more effec- whose Names r>re thereunto subscribed, being Pro-tually relieved, the Idle and Profligate usefully em- prietors of Lands in Woodmansey, Thearn, Beverley, ployed, and the Children properly instructed and Beverley Parks, Figliam, Skidby Carr, and Skidby trained to Industry, to the considerable Relief of the lags, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Bevaieys Petitioners, and the general Good of Society; and and Skidby, in the East Hiding of the County of that those salutary Ends M'ould be fully answered, if York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and forth, That, within the Townships and Places above-Tythes, within the said Hundreds, were incorporated mentioned, are divers large Tracts of Ground, which and appointed Guardians of the Poor thereof, with are subject to he overflowed with Water for a con-such Provisions, Powers, and Regulations, as nay be siderable Part of the Year; and that the said Lands necessary for carrying the said Design into Execution: and Grounds lie near to a navigable River, and* for And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to Want of a proper Drainage, are in general, but par-bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the ticularly in Wet Seasons, of little Use to the Proprie-Petitioners may meet with such other Relief as to the tors, and, if drained, are capable of great Improve-House shall seem meet. ment, and would be much more useful for the Pur-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the poses of Husbandry, and be conducive to the Health Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- of the Inhabitants of the Villages to which the said amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Lands adjoin; and that the Petitioners are desirous shall appear to them, to the House: that the said Lands and Grounds should be drained

And it is referred to Sir John JVodehouse, Sir Edward through the Townships of Cottingham and Sculcoates, Astley, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday in the County of York, into the River Hull, and that Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds would Chamber; and have Potver to send for Persons, Papers, tend to the Benefit and Advantage of the Petitioners hnd Records. and the rest of the Proprietors, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

A Petition of the Right honourable James Earl of given to bring in a Bill for draining the said Lands and Salisbury, on the Behalf of himself and the several other Grounds, and for all such Purposes as may be requisite Owners of Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, and He- thereto.

reditaments, situate and being vrithin the Manors of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Sinnington with Marton and Edstone, in the North Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Riding of the County of York, was presented to the amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, shall appear to them, to the House: within the said Manors, Three several Open Common And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr, Duncombe,

Pastures, Commons or Waste Grounds, called Sin* &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning nington Common, Marton Common, and Edstone Com- next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham* wow, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of ber; arid have Power to send for Persons, Papers, Improvement; and that it would be of great Advan- and Records, tage to the several Persons interested therein, if the same were inclosed and divided into specific Allotments: A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council Dysart Two

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to of the Burgh of Dysart, was presented to the House, bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such Manner as to and read; Reciting an Act passed in the Twenty-the House shall seem meet. sixth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, " An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that " One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Buncombe do prepare, and " Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brew'ed for bring in, the same. " Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the

" Town of Dysart, and Liberties thereof, and all Baronet, Jo- a Places adjacent lying within Three hundred Yards other Persons " of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repair-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners " ing, improving, and preserving, the Harbour of of Open Lands in Wed, Woodmansey, Theami, Skidby " the said Town;" and Setting forth, That, under Carr, and Skidby Ings, in the Parishes of Saint John the Authority of the said Act, the said Duty has been in Beverley, and Skidby, in the East Riding of the levied and applied to the Purposes in the Act men-County of York, was presented to the House, and tioned, and by Means thereof, and of other Funds of read; Setting forth, That, within the Townships and the Burgh, brought in Aid of the same, the Harbour Places above-mentioned, are divers large Tracts of has been repaired and improved, but the said Act ex-Open Ground, which, if inclosed, are capable of piring with the present Session of Parliament, the great Improvement, and would be much more useful Harbour will be in Danger of going to Ruin for and convenient for the Purposes of Husbandry; and Want of Funds to keep the same in proper Repair, that the Petitioners are desirous, and have agreed, as the ordinary Revenue and Funds of the Burgh are

that the said Open Lands and Grounds should be in- hardly, or not more than sufficient, to pay the fixed

closed, and allotted amongst the several Owners and Annual Burdens thereupon, and the Interest of the Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their Interests Debt which the Town has been obliged to contract therein, and that a Compensation may be made in for defraying the Expences of public Works neces-lieu of Tythes arising from the said Premises: And sary in the Burgh: And therefore praying, That

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to con-

in a Bill, lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said tinue the Duty imposed by the Act above recited.

Open Lands and Grounds, and for effecting the Purposes with all the Powers thereby given, for a further Time aforesaid. to be limited.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Consideration of a Committee: And that they do i-< examine

A Petition of Sir Henry Etherington, seph liobinson Pease, Esquire, and of the

25 Geo. III. 4 0 Marlii.583

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it hall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Preston, Sir Adam Fej'gusson, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses and Lands within the Town, Township, and Barony of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town of Stockport is very populous, and a Place of great Trade, and the Inhabitants thereof, and Persons resorting thereto, suffer great Inconvenience for Want of the same being properly lighted, cleansed, and watched, and several of the ancient public Highways, Streets and Passages, in the said Town, are very narrow and inconvenient, and greatly obstruct the Commerce of the said Town; and that the Place assigned for the Market w'eekly held in the said Town is, from the great Increase of Provisions and other Articles brought to Market, become insufficient for that Purpose, and the said Market Place, and the Avenues leading thereto, are much incommoded by several Houses and other Buildings standing therein and adjoining thereto, and the Scite of the said Market Place is very high, uneven, and in great Want of being reduced to a proper and convenient Level; and that there are several Common Lands and Waste Grounds, within the said Township, to the Herbage whereof the Owners of Houses and Lands in the Township are entitled, by Reason of their Freeholds, which Common Lands and Waste Grounds are of little Use to the Owners of Houses and Lands within the said Township; and that Sir George Warren is the present Lord of the Manor and Barony of Stockport, and entitled to a Toll upon all Goods exposed to Sale in the public Markets held therein, and to the Soil of the said Common Lands and Waste Grounds; and that within the said Town, Township, and Barony of Stockport, and also within the Parish of Stockport, there are several considerable Manufactures, as throwing of Silk, Wool-combing, making of Hats, Buttons, and Twist, and Spinning, Twisting, Weaving, and manufacturing of Cotton and Yarn, and printing of Linen and Cotton Goods, which employ great Numbers of People, who contract many small Debts, amounting Yearly to a great Sum of Money, and, although they are well able, refuse to pay such Debts, presuming on the Difficulties their Creditors lie under by the Expence they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with in suing for the same, and, a more easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts within the said Town, Township, Barony, and Parish, would tend to improve the Trade thereof, and to support useful Credit therein; and that if Powers were given to light and watch the said Town, and to remove all Obstructions, Projections, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, and to widen, enlarge, and cleanse the said narrow Streets and Passages, and to enlarge and improve the said Market Place, and a discretionary Power to purchase such Houses, Buildings, and Grounds, as may be necessary for that Purpose, and to establish a Court of Requests, or other Court for recovering of small Debts within the said Town, Township, and Parish, and to build a Prison for the Use of the said Court, and to vest the Appointment of the Officers of the said Court of Requests in the Lord of the said Manor and Barony of Stockport for the Time being, and to sell the said Common Lands and Waste (Sounds within the said* Township of Stockport, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof in defraying the Expences attending the Execution of such Powers, and also to make Rates Vol. 40.

arid Assessments on the Owners arid Occupiers of Houses and Lands within the said Town and Township of Stockport, in Aid of the Money to arise from the Sale of the said Common Lands and Waste Grounds for the said Purposes, it would tend greatly to the Safety, Convenience, and Advantage of the Petitioners, and of all Persons resorting to and Travelling through the said Town: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in One or more Bill or Bills for promoting and carrying into Execution Designs so useful and beneficial to the Inhabitants, and Owners and Occupiers, of Houses and Lands within the said Town, Township, Barony, and Parish of Stockport in particular, and the Public in general.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Land, and Persons interested in the Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Kingston Lacy, and Parish of JVimborm Minster, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Common Meadows, which are ca* pable of great Improvement by being divided into specific Allotments, according to each Person’s Right and Interest therein, and inclosed, and also, certain Common Moors capable of great Improvement by being drained: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ba/ikes and Mr. Bond do prepare, and bring in* the same.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Callico Printers, Artists, Designers of Drawings, Engravers, and others, Proprietors of original Patterns for printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others have, with great Industry and Expence* invented divers Sets of new and original Patterns for printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, in Hopes to have reaped the Benefit of their Labours* and the Credit thereof; but divers Callico Printers and other Persons, to save themselves the Expence of original Designs, have, of late, too frequently taken the Liberty of copying, printing, and publishing great Quantities of base and mean Copies and Imitations thereof, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners and other Artists, and to the Discouragement of the said Arts and Manufacture: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to hring in a Bill for preventing such Frauds and Abuses for the future, and for securing the Properties of the Petitioners for. a limited Time, in the same Manner as the Laws now in being have preserved the Properties of Authors of Books, and the Inventors and Engravers of Historical and other Prints, or in such other Manner as by the House shall be thought fit

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tile

Consideration

V

Wimborne

Minster

Inclosure.

Designs for printing Linens, &c.

v^﻿584 4° MartiA. 1785.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Newnham, Mr. Alderman Watson, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Forton , A Petition of Robert Gibson, Esquire, Thomas Ble-

Iiicloswre. sar^ Edmund Crossfidd, John Smith, William Smith, Richard Whitehead, John Hathomthwaite, William Cor-less, and divers other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands within Forton, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of Forton, divers Parcels of Waste Grounds, amounting to about One hundred and Eighty Acres, which now lie open, waste, and uninclosed, and are in their present Situation incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided, inclosed, and held in Severalty, it would be of very great Advantage to that Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, as a great Part thereof may be converted into Plowing and Meadow Ground: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to have the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Forton aforesaid inclosed, divided, and allotted, by Commissioners in such Bill to be named, unto and amongst the Petitioners and the rest of the Land Owners in Forton aforesaid, that have a Right of Common thereon, in Proportion to their Inlands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Henry Hoghton and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Cordage Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Commit-

Mamuacture. to whom the Petition of several Ropemakers within the Port of London, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Ropemakers within the said Port, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the avoiding of Deceit " used in making and selling of Twicelaid Cordage, and " for the better preserving of the Navy of this Realm, " was read And

Mr. James Mitchell being examined, said, That the said Act hath been found insufficient for preventing the Frauds and Deceits therein mentioned, the compound Term <c Overworn," therein used, being quite indefinite — That various other Frauds and Abuses have for some Time been practised in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, by using Hemp which is damaged, condemned, or of an inferior Sort or Kind; the Quality of which, after such Cordage is tarred, is not discernible from sound or staple Hemp — That under the Words of the Act ij is difficult to ascertain, whether Goods that have been re-manufactured were Overworn or not — That, by Means of the Frauds and Deceits now practised, the Credit of the Trade is greatly injured; and that the putting a Stop to such Practices will be the only Means of restoring and preserving the Credit of the said Manufactory in Foreign Markets, and of preserving the Lives and Properties of many of His Majesty’s Subjects.

Mr. William Walton, Captain of a Vessel in the Baltic Trade, being then examined, said, That he

had a Ship of his own — That Cordage is manufactured in other Countries besides this — That Foreign Cordage is imported, and used by British Captains, without paying Duty, which is a great Prejudice to the Manufacturers of Cordage within this Kingdom, and to the Public Revenue — That he had frequented the Port , of Saint Petersburgh several Years — That it is usual for Captains of British Ships to purchase Cordage there when £hey were in Want of it — It is about Two or Three Shillings per Hundred Weight cheaper there than in England, but that depends upon the Course of Exchange; and that he never took out with him a less Quantity of Cordage than he should otherwise have done, on Account of his being bound for Saint Petersburgh.

Mr. Ralph Willis being then examined, said, He was Captain of a Ship belonging to Messrs. Thornton and Company — That he had used the Baltic Trade Forty Years constantly — That Ships generally buy at Saint Petersburgh the little Matters of Cordage they may want — That he never had a Cable in that Country in his Life but Once, and that was from Necessity — That he had not known Masters of Ships in the Baltic Trade buy more Cordage at Saint Petersburgh than they wanted — That he believed where the same Person is Owner of several Ships, One of which is in the Baltic Trade, he would, by Means of the Vessel that should go to Saint Petersburgh, supply his other Ships with C ordage — That British Rope Manufacturers have settled at Saint Petersburgh — That the Difference ot Price between a Cable made at Saint Petersburgh, and one in London, may be Ten or Twelve Shillings per Hundred Weight cheaper at the former Place — That he last Year paid Thirty-six Shillings per Hundred in London, and about Twenty-five at Saint Petersburgh.

Mr. William Welbank, a Hemp Broker, being then examined, said, That it is generally complained of, and generally understood, that the Masters of Ships in the Saint Petersburgh Trade buy Cordage at that Place, instead of supplying themselves in London, or elsewhere in Great Britain — That out of the Quantity of Hemp imported, Seven or Eight hundred Tons generally come damaged by Means of the Voyage, so much as not to be fit to make sound merchantable Cordage — That he has always understood it to be very difficult to distinguish this damaged Hemp wrhen tarred from that which is sound and perfect — That this damaged Hemp is generally sold at public Sale, and most of it is purchased by Twine Spinners; and there are many inferior Uses for Rope, to the making of which this damaged Hemp may be applied.

Mr. Mitchell being then examined, said, That the said Act of Queen Elizabeth's Reign does not extend to new Cordage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing. Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage:

And that Mr. Alderman Watson and Mr. Brett do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fane have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Absence. Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke have Leave to go the Midland Circuit.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Barrow have Leave to go

into

25 Geo. III. 40 Martii. 505

into the Country for a Month, on Account of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Bullock have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, on his private Affairs.

Beverley, & c. A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

ltoad. Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Christopher Sykes, Mr. Wilber force., & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Cambridge A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars Streets. of the University of Cambridge, who have thereunto set their Common Seal, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Cambridge, who have thereunto likewise set their Common Seal, and of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town of Cambridge, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places of the said Town, are ill paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and greatly incumbered with various Incroachments, and annoyed by Spouts and Gutters, whereby they are rendered incommodious, and, in many Parts, dangerous, not only to the Inhabitants of the said Town, but to all others resorting thereto; and that the Poor of the said Town are become very numerous, and the Parish Rates increased to a Degree so enormous as to become a Burthen almost intolerable; and that, if proper Powers were given to pave, cleanse, light, watch, and otherwise improve the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, and to remove all Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments, and also to build a proper House for the Reception, Employment, and better Maintenance of the Poor, and to regulate the Rates made for their Relief, it would tend greatly to the Health, Convenience, Safety, and Emolument of the said University and Town, and would also greatly relieve the Inhabitants in the Rates, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mortlock, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Cambridge A Petition of the Tradesmen and principal Inha-bmall Debts, bitants of the Town of Cambridge, in the County' of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several extensive Branches of Trade are carried on in' the said Town, and many Persons therein contract small Debts, and, although able, refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under from proceeding for the Recovery of such Debts by the present Forms of Law, on Account of the great Expence and Delays which attend the same; and that an easy and speedy Method for recovering small Debts within the said Town will tend greatly to promote Industry, and support and encourage useful Credit therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery

Vo i.. 40.

of small Debts within the said Town of Cambridge, with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of . a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mortlockr Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Neville presented to the House, according tQ Reading Order*, a Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Paving, &c. Reading in the County of Berks; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Town; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future: And the same w'as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Houses and other Buildings and Estates within the Botough of Reading, in the County of Berks, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates w'ithjn the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners find Application is made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, and watching, the Streets and other Places within the said Borough; and that public Advertisements, under the Hand of the Mayor of the said Borough, have been circulated, informing the Inhabitants of the said Borough, " That the Tax on " Occupiers of Houses will be in the following " Proportion; viz. Six Pence in the Pound on Housesrated to the Parliamentary House Tax from £5 " to £. 20 per Annum; Nine Pence in the . Pound onHouses from £. 20 to £. 40; and One Shilling onHouses of £.40 a Year, and upwards; with an <£ Exception to those of very high Rent; that the Tax will never exceed these Sums, or be leviedoftener than Once in the Year;" and, in Consequence of such Statement of the proposed Taxes, the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that many opulent and well-meaning Persons have been induced to join in the said Application; and that the Tax proposed to be raised Annually, according to the said Advertisement under the Hand of the Mayor, would not produce more than £. 255, and the Expence, of lighting only w ould, as declared by the Mayor at one of the public Meetings, be £. 300 per Annum; and Representing to the House, that Reading is not a Place of public Resort, that its Trade is much confined, that the Inhabitants are ever ready most chearfully to the utmost of their Power to submit to and pay all such Taxes which Parliament shall deem meet and proper for the Support of Government, but they hope that the House will not suffer them to be taxed merely to indulge a few opulent Individuals in an unnecessary Luxury, particularly when the House are informed, and take into their Consideration, that the present Public and Parochial Taxes come very hard from many of the Inhabitants; and that Two public Meetings of the said Inhabitants have been lately called by the Mayor, to take the full and decided Sense of the whole Town upon the Subject at both which the Majority of the Inhabitants present were against making such Application to Parliament, notwithstanding which, the Petitioners understand the Promoters of the Measure still persist in their Resolution of proceeding the rein; and that full Power is 7 K vested

5&6 40 Martii. A. 1785.

Vested by Chapter in the Corporation, and in a Jury called a Leet Jury, and in Surveyors by the Corporation Annually appointed for the Inspection and Reparation of the several Foot Paths ami Highways within the said Borough, and for the Removal of ail Nuisances and Obstructions: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and that they may have Leave to be heard, by then* Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass iirto a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for paving the Footways itt the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances theretrom, and preventing the like for the future, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant March.

Debtors A Petition of the poor Debtors in His Majesty’s Gaol

Petition. at Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, was presented to

the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

South Cave Mr. Robert Smith reported from the Committee, to

ncosure. wj|0m jju for dividing and itxlosing the several Open Common Fields, Common or Stinted Pastures, Wolds, Ings, Sands, Meadow Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Staffordshire, A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

cVc. Canal. Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was obtained, upon the Petition of several of the Petitioners, and others, Inhabitants of the Counties of Stafford and Forces ter, to enable them to make a navigable Canal from the River Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brook in the County of Woixester, to communicate with a Canal, then intended to be made, between The Trent and The Mersey, at or near Heywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to raise such Sums of Money, for accomplishing the said Undertaking, as are therein particularly mentioned, which Sums having been found insufficient for completing the said Navigation, the Petitioners were authorized, by another Act,

passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, to raise such further Sums as are therein mentioned, for completing the same; and that the Petitioners, retying on the Faith of Parliament, that they should receive the Benefit of the said Undertaking, in case they should be able to accomplish the same in an effectual and perfect Manner, proceeded to make and complete the said Navigation, and expended the Money raised for such Purposes under the aforesaid Acts, and at length accomplished the said Undertaking, and have since, at different Times, expended other very large Sums of Money, arising from the Income of the said Navigation, in perfecting the same; and that, in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was obtained to enable certain Persons therein mentioned to make a navigable Canal from the Coal Mines lying near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Navigation so made by the Petitioners, and in the said Act there was inserted a Clause to enable the Petitioners, with the Aid of Commissioners, to regulate the Tonnage upon their own Navigation, in Manner therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners have not, by any of the said Acts of Parliament, a Power to lower or re- . gulate the Tonnage upon their said Navigation, without the Consent of a Majority of the Commissioners therein named, which Restriction hath been "found to be very injurious both to the Interest of the Public, and of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them, without the Interposition of Commissioners, to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon their said Navigation, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, in such Mannes as they shall from Time to Time see necessary, not exceeding the Rates of Tonnage at preseut allowed by the said recited Acts*

Ordered, fl hat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the sape, a9 k shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wrottesley, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Archibald EaFl of Dundonald, was Earl of presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Dundonald That the Petitioner, having invented a Method oflar’Bak^ extracting Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali,

Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Coal, did, in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, obtain His Royal Letters Patent, under the Great Seals of England and Scotland respectively, granting and securing to the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Privilege and Authority of making, using, exercising, and vending his said Invention, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Term of Fourteen Years; and that, in the Opinion of competent Judges, who have attended to the Petitioners Method, and examined and used the Tar, Pitch, and other Extractions, the Invention will be attended with the most beneficial Consequences to t the Public, the Process being simple and easy, and the Tar and Pitch of a better Quality, for certain LTses, than what is generally made in Foreign Countries, and particularly useful in preserving Ships Bottoms from Worms; and that the Petitioner spent much of his Time, and was at a great Expence, in bringing his said Invention to Perfection, before applying for the Patents, and after he had procured them, his Circumstances not permitting him to carry on the necessary Works . without the Aid of others, the Connections he formed with that View turned out unfortunately, so that hitherto, and when Four Years of the Term are 11 elapsed,

Rotherham

Komis.

Tinsley

Road.

Faversham, kc. Small Debts.

Biddenden

Road.

(Iygens Xat.

25 Geo. III. 40 Martii. 587

elapsed, he has reaped no Benefit, but, on the contrary, his paternal Estate is involved in Debt, and lie is under Engagements, by taking Leases of jpoal Mines, and otherwise, which must be ruinous, unless the Scheme is prosecuted with Vigour, by a large Advance of Money: The Remainder of the short Term of exclusive Privilege, granted by the Patents, does not afford sufficient Encouragement to People otherwise willing to support the Petitioner, and, Unless he is supported, the Public must be deprived of the Benefit of the Invention while the Privilege remains with him: In such Circumstances, he is advised to apply to the Legislature, to have the Time granted by the said Letters Patent for Great Britain, prolonged, the exclusive Privilege extended to the British Colonies in North America, and his Property in the said Invention secured for such a Time as may enable Him to obtain a Recompense adequate to his Labour, Time, and Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions and Limitations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; ai;d report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergusson, Sir Thomas Dundasj &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, u An Act for amending and €t widening the Road from the South End of the Town " of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present <c Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of " Derby, and also the Road from the North End of the said Town of Rotherham into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankei'sley Park, in the said County of York " so far as the same relates to the Road leading from Rotherham aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending and widening 4t the Road from Tinsley, in the County of York, to the " Town of Doncaster, in the said County; " without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Fewer sham, the Hundreds of Faversham* and Boughton, and the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasalter, and fVhitstable, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of B'uldtnden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Faversham, at a Place called Bound Gate; without any Amendment And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Fredrick Hendrick Van Hagen; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. 40.

The House being informed, that Mr. Alcock, from rmportsnnd the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attend- Exports, ed at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, C9land' presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 20th Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Value of all Goods, Wares, atul Merchandise* exported from, and imported into, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1782 to Christmas 1783; distinguishing each Place. . ,.

And then he withdrew.. .. v. , t

And the Title of tlje said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Alcock, from the Taxes,

fcommissioners of Excise in Scotland\ attended at the Excise, and Door; he was called iu; and, at the Bar, presented to g^JaU(j the House) pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1783 to Michaelmas 1784, together with the Totals; And also,

A Comparative Account of the Gross Amount of the Duties of Excise, for Three Years, ending 5th July 1^82, 1783, and 1784; distinguishing each Duty, and the Drawbacks for Export on each: And

also.

A Comparative Account of the Imports of Rum into Scotland for the Two Years ending at Christmas 1764 arid Christmas 1783, with the Duties paid thereon; and distinguishing the Produce of the Duties imposed since 1764.

And then he withdrew.; «..

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the First of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Paton, from the Rates of Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door 1 he was Excise called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- Dutles* suant to their Order,

A Table of the Rates of Excise Duties, as granted by the several Acts of Parliament, with the Total Duty on each Commodity, together with the several per Cents thereon, ccfrnpleated to the Second Session of the Twenty-fourth Year of His Majesty, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper Wa$ read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Levant chants of England, trading into The Levant Seas, being Company, offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Trade between this Kingdom and

Westminster

Election.

588 4 MartiL . 1785.

and Turkey, has, for a long Series of Years, been carried on by d Society of Merchants, incorporated by Charters, and regulated by Acts of Parliament; and that, in order to carry on the said Trade with Safety, and to protect His Majesty's Subjects in the Turkish Dominions, it has been found necessary, that an Ambassador should be sent from England to reside at Constantinople, and that Consuls, Vice Consuls, and other Officers and Servants, should be established in the other Parts of Turkey, where British Subjects reside, and where the English Merchants carry on Trade, the wholb Expence whereof has been borne by the Turkey Company, which, together with many other necessary Expences incident to the carrying on this Trade, has of late Years amounted to about £.9,000 per Annum; and that the Trade to and from Turkey, once so flourishing, is now, from many unavoidable Events, and concurring Circumstances, much reduced; and that the Assistance granted to the Petitioners, in the last Session of Parliament, enabled them to support their Expences during the past Year; but the Petitioners are sensible, they should not discharge the Duty incumbent on them by their Charter, nor the Justice they owe to the Public (for whom they consider themselves as Trustees) if they did not, in the present Situation of the Trade, declare their Inability to support the necessary Expences, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as may be thought necessary and proper.

Ordered, That #the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown, having this Morning received a Return of Two Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, desired the Directions of the House thereupon.

The House was moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 18th and 21st Days of June, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the District of Burghs of Inverness, Nairn, Forres, and Fortrose, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the said Return for the City of Westminster.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending accordingly, delivered the said Return in at the Table; and acquainted the House, that he received the same this Morning from Mr. Grojan, Deputy to Thomas Corbett, Esquire, High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, who informed him, that the same was the Return of the said High Bailiff.

And the said Return was read; and is as follow-cth, viz.

Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, doth hereby certify, That, subsequent, to the Special Return, a Copy whereof is hereunto annexed, he proceeded on the Scrutiny in the said Return mentioned, and continued the same by divers Adjournments, until the Third Day of March Instant inclusive, on which Day the Honourable House of Commons, by their Order, directed the said Bailiff forthwith to make Return of his Precept; whereupon the said Bailiff, having cast up the Number of Votes remaining on the Poll after the- Reduction thereof, by the Disallowance of sundry Votes objected to on the said* Scrutiny, found the Number of Votes so remaining on the Poll to stand as follow?; viz!.

For the Right honourable Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet,

Baron Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, - - 6,588

For the Right honourable Charles James For, 6,126 For Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, - 5,895

Now therefore, for a final Return to the said Precept hereunto annexed, the said Bailiff, in Obedience to the said Order, doth hereby further certify, that according to the above State of the Numbers, the said Right honourable Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Baron Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the said Right honourable Charles James For, are duly elected Citizens to serve in the present Parliament for the said City of Westminster, according to the Exigency of the said Precept, and the Writ therein recited. In Witness whereof, he the said Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the said Liberty, hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal, this Fourth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Here follows the Special Return, and also the Precept referred to in the said final Return.

Thomas Corbett, Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, doth hereby certify unto the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, That by virtue of a certain Precept, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of March last, and on the same Day delivered to him the said Bailiff by the said Sheriff* for the Election of Two Citizens to serve in the ensuing Parliament for the City of Westminster, and by virtue of the Writ therein recited (Proclamation of the Premises in the said Precept first-mentioned, of the Day and Place, as in the said Precept is directed, first being made) he the said Bailiff* did proceed to the Election of Two Citizens to serve in the ensuing Parliament for the said City of Westminster, on the First Day of April now last past; on which Day appeared and were put in Nomination the Three Candidates herein after named, and a Poll being demanded, he the said Bailiff* did forthwith proceed to take the said Poll, and continued to take the same Day by Day, during Six Hours each Day; viz*, from Nine in the Forenoon to Three in the Afternoon, until the Day of the Date of these Presents inclusive, on which Day the said Poll was finally closed, when the Numbers on the said Poll for the said several Candidates stood as follows; vizr.

For the Right honourable Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Baron Hoed of the Kingdom of Ireland, - 6,694

For the Right honourable Charles James For, 6,233 For Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, - - - 5,998

And the said Bailiff further sets forth, That on the said final Close of the Poll, a Scrutiny was duly demanded in Behalf of the said Sir Cecil I Fray; which Scrutiny the said Bailiff' has granted, for the Purpose of investigating the Legality of the Votes more accurately than could be done upon the said Poll, and the said Scrutiny, so granted, is now pending and undetermined; and, by Reason of the Premises, the said Bailiff* humbly conceives he cannot make any other or further Return to the said Precept than as hereinbefore is contained, until the said Scrutiny shall be determined, which he fully intends to proceed upon with all practicable Dispatch. In Witness whereof, he the said Thomas Corbett, Bailiff* of the said Liberty, hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal, the Seventeenth

Day

25 Geo. HI. 4 0 Martii589

Day of May, in the Year of oiif Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

ipjj* \ Sir Barnard Turner, Knight, and Thomas 1 J. Skinner, Esquire, Sheriff of the Coun-

ty aforesaid, To the Bailiff of the Liberty of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster, in the said County; Know, That I have received a certain Writ of our Lord the King, to me directed, which follows; (that is to sajjr) George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, To the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, Greeting. Whereas, by the Advice and Assent of Our Council, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs concerning Us, the State and Defence of Our Kingdom of Great Britahu and the Church, We have ordered a certain Parliament to be holden at Our City of Westminster, on the Eighteenth Day of May next ensuing, and there to treat and have Conference with the Prelates, Great Men, and Peers of Our Realm;- We command and strictly enjoin you, that Proclamation being made of the Day and Place aforesaid, in your next County Court to be holden after the Receipt of this Our Writ, Two Knights of the most fit and discreet of the said County, girt with Swords, and of every City of your County Two Citizens, and of every Borough in the same County Tw’o Burgesses, of the most sufficient and discreet, freely and indifferently, by those who at such Proclamation shall be present, according to the Form of the Statutes in that Case made and provided, you cause to be elected; and the Names of those Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, so to be elected, whether they be present or absent, you cause to be inserted in certain Indentures, to be thereupon made between you and those who shall be present at such Election, and them, at the Day and Place aforesaid, you cause to come in such Manner, that the said Knights, for themselves and the Commonalty of the same County, and the said Citizens and Burgesses, for themselves and the Commonalty of the said Cities and Boroughs respectively, may have from them full and sufficient Power to do and consent to those Things which then and there, by the Common Council of Our said Kingdom (by the Blessing of God) shall happen to be ordained upon the aforesaid Affairs, so that for Want of such Power, or through an improvident Election of the said Knights, Citizens, or Burgesses, the aforesaid Affairs may in no wise remain unfinished: Willing nevertheless, that neither you nor any other Sheriff of this Our said Kingdom be in any wise elected; and the Election in your full County, so made distinctly and openly under your Seal, and the Seals of those who shall be present at such Election, certifie you to Us in Our Chancery, at the Day and Place aforesaid, without Delay, remitting to Us Our Part of the aforesaid Indentures annexed to these Presents, together with this Writ. Witness. Ourself at Westminster, the Twenty-sixth Day of March, in the Twenty-

fourth Year of Our Reign.....Thomas

. . And because the Execution of the said

Writ, so far as relates to the Election of Two Citizens for the said City of Westminster, belongs to you; therefore I command you, that without Delay you cause Two Citizens to be elected for the said City, according to the Exigency of the said Writ. In what Manner you shall have executed this Precept, immediately after the said Election make known to me, so that I may certify the same to Our said Lord the Vol 40.

King in His Chancery, as by the said Writ I am commanded. Dated the Twenty-sixth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Barnard Turner,

Thomas Skinner,

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the drown do annex the said Return to the Writ for the County of

Middlesex. \

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Dundas have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Week, on his private Absenc*« Affairs.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Public Orders, Offices.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 23d August 1783, directing to be laid before the Board the Accounts of the Expences of the Public Offices mentioned in the said Minute: And also,

Copy of Comptroller’s Report, in Answer to Mr.

Burke's Letter of the 29th of August 1783, respecting the Fees and Gratuities received by the Secretary and Clerks in their Department: And also,

Copy of an Application from the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, relating t6 Additions to be made to the Establishment of their Office: And also,

Copies of Minutes of the Board of Treasury, made since the 1st of July 1782, respecting the Establishment of the Officers serving in the Office of the Treasury; viz.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 30th November

1782, and 2d December' following, respecting a general Arrangement of the Business and Establishment of the Treasury.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 25th February

1783, respecting an Arrangement in the Establishment of the Treasury.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 8th March 1783, respecting the Appointment of Messengers*

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 8th August 1783, respecting the Appointment of Messengers.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 23d August 1783, appointing Mr. Speer, Junior, a Clerk in the Treasury.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 16th December 1783, respecting an Arrangement in the Establishment of the Treasury.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 1 oth January 1784, respecting an Allowance to Mr. Winter, for the Care of the Minutes.

Copy of Treasury Minute, dated 6th May 1784* respecting an Allowance to the Housekeeper:

And also,

List of the usual Fees which have been taken at the Treasury for several Years past, for the Secretaries, Chief Clerks, and Under Clerks.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjoum-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next m€nt*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

be now' read.

7 L And

Tho. Corbett\

Militia.

Mutiny and Desertion.

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill Laud Tax.

59°

And the said Order being read.accordingly;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy,-for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Cttarge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1785.

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day, being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1783, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1785‘

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

1785.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 7° die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIIIU Regis, 1785*

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Andreev De De Luc's Luc, w as read the Third Time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing John Andreev De Luc.

Ordered, That Sir George Hoevard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Henry Earl of Pembroke nxiA Mont go- Foffbnt &cu may, Lord of several Manors within the Parishes of iaclosure. Foffont, Swallawclift, Ebcsbome - Wake, Broadchalk, Bowerchalk, Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield, or some of them, in the County of Wilts, and the humble Petition of several other Persons, Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Estates within the several Parishes aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, several Open and Common Fields, and Downs, Common Meadows, and other Open and Common Lands and Grounds, which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, are inconveniently situated, with respect to the Houses and inclosed Lands of the several Owners, and, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the same were divided and allotted amongst them, in Proportion to their Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under suqh Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. PenruddocJce and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the South Can several Open Common Fields, Common or Stinted Inclosure. Pastures, Wolds, Ings, Sands, Meadow Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common or Stinted Pastures, Wolds,

Ings, Sands, Meadow Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Bridport Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bridport, in the Market County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and *l°usei read; Setting forth, That Bridport is a populous trading Town, and a great Thoroughfare, being si-' tuated on the Turnpike Road from London to Exeter,

&nd from Portsmouth to Plymouth, which Turnpike Road runs through Two of the principal Streets of 7 the

40- — 70 .

35 Geo. Ul 70 Martiu 59!

the said Town, in Length nearly Half a Mile; and the Watling Street Turnpike Road, at or near Clun-that the Travelling is greatly obstructed, and rendered gunford, through the Parishes of Clungunford, Hopton, inconvenient, especially on Market Days, by Reason Bedstone, and Bucknell, to Lingen Bridge, in the said of the Shambles, or Butcher Row, standing upon the County of Salop; and also, the Road" leading from said Road, and in the Center of the Town, where the The Blue Bell, in the Parish of Churchstoke, and said said Streets meet, and, by Reason of great Numbers County of Salop, to join the Turnpike Road leading of Stalls and Standings being placed near and upon from Newtown towards Bishop's Castle, at or near a the said Road; and, from the great Increase of the Place called The Sam, in the Parish of Kerry, in the Inhabitants and Trade of the said Town, the said said County of Montgomery, through that Part of the Butcher Row and Market Place are become much Parish of Churchstoke which lies in the County of Salop, too small for the Occasions of the Inhabitants and and the Parish of Kerry, in the said County of Mont-other Persons frequenting the said Market; and that gomery\ and also, the Road leading from the Town of the said Streets and Road might be rendered more Montgomery, through the several Parishes of Mont go-spacious and commodious for Travellers, and the mery, Churchstoke, and Kerry, in the County of Mont-Market Place enlarged and improved, if certain gomery, to join the said Road from The Blue Bell afore* ruinous Houses, at the Entrance of the South Street, said, to The Sam aforesaid, at or near a Place called The in the said Town, were taken down, and a convenient Farm, in the Parish of Kemy aforesaid) and also, the Market House, and other Buildings, erected on the Road leading from Montgomery to the Finger Post Scite thereof; that the Streets and Lanes of the said near Brynyderwen, in the Parish of Llandyssil, and said Town are at present very ill paved, lighted, cleansed, County of Montgomery, to join the Turnpike Road and watched; and that it will tend greatly to* the leading from Welsh Pool to Newtown> through the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Bo- Parishes of Montgomery and Llandyssil, in the said rough, and all Persons resorting thereto, if the same County of Montgomery; and also, the Road leading were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched: from the Foul Lane End Turnpike, at Bishop's Castle And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to aforesaid, under The Hall Orchard, in the said Parish bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such of Bishop's Castle, there to join the Turnpike Road Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall leading from Bishop's Castle aforesaid, towards Ludlow, seem meet. are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodi-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ous, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the In-appear to them, to the House: habitants of the several Parishes adjacent to the said

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Scott, Mr. Sturt, Roads, and to all other Persons having Occasion to &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at pass along the Roads, if the same were amended.

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and widened, and rendered safe and commodious: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring Records. in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for amend-A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said new or virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth additional Roads hereinbefore described, in such Manner Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, as the House shall think proper.

" An Act for amending and widening several Roads . Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the f< leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa* f£ Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it " from Brocton to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, shall appear to them, to the House:

€i in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Mont- And it is referred to Mr. Clive, Sir Richard Hill\

iC gomery;" and also of several Gentlemen, Free- See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at holders, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and Montgomery, was presented to the House, and read; have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re-Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to cords, carry the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed

several considerable Sums of Money for defraying the An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Callingtoa Expences of making and repairing the said Roads, Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Roads, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, and present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said " widening several Roads leading from CaUington, in Act is enlarged, and some further and other Powers " the County of Cornwall and for widening and granted for those Purposes; and Alledging, that the repairing the Road leading from Bushford to Beal's Road brandling out of the Turnpike Road near the Mill, in the Parish of Stoke Climsland, and also the Foul Lane EnaTurnpike, at Bishop's Castle, and lead- Road from Pentei'scross, in the Parish of PMat on, to ing through Lydham and Linley, to Norbury, in the a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Parishes of Lydham, More, and Norbury, in the County Botes Fleming, all in the said County, was read the of Salop; and also, the Road leading from the Market Third Time.

House, in the Town of Clan, in the County of Salop, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

to Newton Green, in the Parish of Stokesay, to join be, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed the Ludlow Turnpike Road there, through the Pa- in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesr rishes of Clun, Clunbury, Hopesay, Sibdon, and Stokesay, ty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening in the said County of Salop; and also, the Road " several Roads leading from Callington, in the County branching out of the Road leading from Bishops " of Cornwall and for widening and repairing the Castle to Watling \Street, near the Red House, in the Road leading from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Pa-Parish of Lxdbiuy North, by Brunslow, to Kempton, rish of Stoke Climsland, and also the Road from Penters-and from thence to join the said Road from Clun to cross, in the Parish of PiUaton, to a Place called The Newton Green, near a certain Bridge called Little Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in JBrompton Bridge, through the Parishes of Lidbury, the said County.

North Edgton, Clunbury and Hopesay, in the said Ordered, That Mr. Call do carry the Bill to the County of Salop; and also, the Road leading from Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vox.. 40. A Petition

592

7° Martii. A. 1785.

St. George A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and

Hanover Vestrymen, of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover

\Vorkhouse, Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, several Powers were granted to the Petitioners, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; and that the Poor within the said Parish are very numerous, and for many Years have been maintained and employed in a Workhouse belonging to the said Parish, which is at present in a very ruinous and decayed State, and is also too small, incommodious, and inconveniently situated, and it would conduce to the Health of the several Persons maintained by the said Parish, if a proper Workhouse was built for their Reception in a more open and airy Situation; and that the Burial Ground belonging to the said Workhouse is not only too small, but is situated in the most populous Part of the Parish, and it is highly necessary that burying in the said Ground should be discontinued in future, without Leave of the Rector and Churchwardens first obtained in Writing, a new Burial Ground having been provided; and that the before-mentioned Act is, in many Respects, defective, and several Powers are wanted by the Petitioners, for the proper Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jennings, the Lord Hood,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. *

Sunderland Sir John Eden presented to the House, according to

Port, &c. Order, a Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sundei'land, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Severn A Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Trades-

Navigution. men, Manufacturers, and others, residing in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, a Navigable Canal hath been made from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, in the County of Gloucester, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, from which Place another Navigable Canal is now making, and intended to be continued to the River Thames, at or near Leachlade, in the said County of; Gloucester; and that, notwithstanding divers Acts have at various Times been passed for improving the Navigation of the River Thames, or Isis, little or no Improvement hath been made in that Part thereof situate between the Town of Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, and Abingdon, in the County of Berks; and, it appears, from the Reports of an able and experienced Engineer, who hath surveyed the said River Thames, within the District above described, and explored the Country between the Towns last mentioned, that there are many natural Impediments which must ever render the said River Thames, between Leachlade and Abingdon, incapable of being made a safe, certain, expeditious, reasonable, and beneficial Navigation, oil which Advantages may be obtained by forming a Canal from some Place at or near Abingdon, to communicate with the Thames and

Severn Canal, at or near Inglhham, in the County of Berks, and Kemps ford, in the County of Gloucester, the Practicability of which hath been ascertained by Levels and correct Surveys taken for that Purpose; and 1 that the making such Canal would not only be advantageous to those Individuals who have strenuously engaged in the Accomplishment of that Undertaking, but would also, in a great Degree, increase the Woollen Manufacture, promote the Circulation of Trade, by reducing the Price, and expediting the Carriage, of Goods, between the Port of London and the principal trading Towns in the Kingdom, and would likewise improve the Landed Interest, be a great Relief to the Poor, tend to the Preservation of the Public Roads, and every Way contribute to the'National Prosperity: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Canal as before described, together with Railways and Roads of Communication to and with the same Canal, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr. Lovcden IjOveden, Mr.

Page, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Pulteney, Esquire, and the Aston Reverend John Douglas, Doctor of Divinity (Devisees Abbotts, named in the last Will and Testament of Sir Thomas Inclosure* Jones, late of Stanley, in the County of Salop, Knight,

Lord of the Manor of Aston, otherwise Aston Abbotts, and of the Manor of Sandf'ord and Woolston, in Trust for the Use and Benefit of Thomas Tynchitt Jones, a Minor) and also, of the Reverend John Robert Lloyd,

Clerk, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manors, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manors, several Commons and W&ste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robert Burton and Sir Adam Fergusson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Precinct of St Catherine Saint Catherine, in the County of Middlesex, was pre- Middlesex, sented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Streets, the several Streets, Lanes, and other Places, writhin the said Precinct, which are not included in the Provisions of former Acts, of the Seventh and Ninth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, are, for Want of being properly lighted, watched, and cleansed, become dangerous; and that, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Precinct, w’ere sufficiently lighted and cleansed, and a regular Nightly Watch established, and Power given to prevent Nuisances and Obstructions therein, it would be. of great Benefit

to

5 Geo. IIL f'Martii.? 593

to the Inhabitants of the said Precinct, and of public Vtility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall.appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr; Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Portott Sir Henry Hoghton presented to the House, according

Inclosure. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Township of Forton, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Itesolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Peuryn, &c. A Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Hoads. Execution an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Red-ruth, in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and a considerable Sum of Money still remains due; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money due cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some further and other Powers granted to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging th/3 Powers, of the said Act, for such Xlme> and *n such Manner, as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Francis Basset, Sir John Saint Aubyn, &c. .: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Yarmouth A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Bridge. Commonalty of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bridge over Yarmouth Haven, which is the only Entrance into the Town of Great Yarmouth from the County of Suffolk, is a Timber Bridge, and so much decayed, that, in the Opinion of experienced Workmen, it is necessary the same should be taken down, and a new Bridge built; and, by an Estimate made of the Expence of taking down the present Bridge, and building a safe and commodious one in the Room thereof, it appears that the same will amount to about £4,000; and that, by virtue of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Duties, or Sums of Money, or some Part thereof, are applicable towards repairing the said Bridge during the Term of the said Act, but the same are insufficient to defray the Expence of taking down and re-building the Bridge, and the same cannot be done unless the Term of the said Act is Vol. 40.

enlarged, and a further Sum of Money granted to the Petitioners for that Purpose: And therefore braying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of the said Act, and enabling the Petitioner! to take down and re-build the said Bridge, in stich Manner, and by such Ways arid Means, as the House shall think proper.;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tlfe Consideration of a Committee: And that they dd

examine the Matter thereof; and report the samri, as it shall appear to them; to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. fieaufoy, Mr. Powys,

&c. i And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, fend llecords;

A Petition of several of the Vestrymen and Inhabi- Saints Mutants of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John Westminster the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster. was present- Parish: ed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, an Act was made for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parishes, and die Vestrymen of the said Parishes are thereby authorized to make a Rate or Assessment upon the Inhabitants, not exceeding Six Pence in the Pound of the Yearly Rent of Value of their respective Houses, Tenements, and other Buildings, for defraying the Expence of maintaining and supporting the said Watch and Beadles; and, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, another Act was made for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said City and Liberty, which directs, that the Number of Watchmen within the said Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, having Beats or Stands, shall be Forty or more, and the Number to patrol the Streets shall be Six at the least; and that, since the passing of the said Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty,'it was judged necessary, for the Safety and Protection of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants, that a greater Number of Watchmen than is required by the said Act should be constantly employed within the said Parishes, the Annual Expence whereof has amounted nearly to the whole Money received from the said Rate or Assessment; and that, notwithstanding the great Number of Watchmen employed as aforesaid, several very daring Robberies and Burglaries were, in the Year 1782, committed within the said Parishes, whereupon it was found necessary to employ an additional Number of Men as a Patrol, but the Money arising from the Rate or Assessment authorized to be made as aforesaid not being sufficient to defray the Expence thereof, a Subscription was entered into by many of the said Inhabitants, whereby a sufficient Sum hath been collected for defraying such Expence; and that the Petitioners are convinced, that the establishing the said additional Patrol hath been the Means of preventing many Robberies and Burglaries within the said Parishes, and it is highly expedient the same should be continued; but as there is no other Mode of raising Money to defray the Expence there- of than by voluntary Subscription, which is not only partial and uncertain, but has of late greatly‘decreased, the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend, that the said additional Patrol cannot be continued, unless some certain Provision be established for raising Money to defray the Expence thereof: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise a small additional Rate upon the Inhabitants, for defraying the Expence of supporting a proper and sufficient Patrol within the said Parishes, in such Manner a9 the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 7 M Consideration

*d by

G01

7

8 Marttu

A. 1785.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa*- other Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of )tiine die Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal

Shall appear to them, to the House: and were impowered to make a Navigable

And it is referred to the Lord Hood, Mr. Fox, &c.: Cut, or Canal, from the said Coventry Canal Naviga-(And they.are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of tion to the City of and that the said Canal,

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power so authorized to be made, from Coventry to the Canal to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. of the Petitioners at , hath been com-

pleted from Coventry to Atherstone, in the County of Ashill An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- and the said Canal, authorized to be made

Inclosure, closing the Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, from Coventry to Oxford, hath been completed from

Commons -and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Coventry to Banbury, but the other Parts of the said Ashill,in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third several Undertakings remain yet to be executed; and Time. that, at a Meeting held at in the County

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of Warwick, upon the 20th Day trf June 1782, by be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the certain Delegates from the Petitioners, and the re-Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons spective Companies of Proprietors of the Coventry and and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ashill, in the Oxford Canal Navigations, and from certain Subscri-County of Norf olk. bers to a new-proposed Navigation 'from the ColEe-

Ordered, That Sir John Wodehouse do carry the Bill ries, in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, to to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal in

the Neighbourhood of Fazetey, it was proposed and Scots Dyke . A Petition of the several Persons thereunto subscrib- agreed by such Delegates, on the Part of their respec-Road. ing, Trustees appointed by an Act passed in the tive Companies, or Constituents, that, in order to Tourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and effect a General Communication between the Canal of widening the Road from Scots Dyke, in the County of the Petitioners and the said Coventry and Oxford Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and nals, the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Hawick, to Hare Moss, in the County of Roxburgh,or bury, and the Town of Birmingham, it would -be ne»

‘Heritors of Lands of the said Counties adjoining to cessary that the Coventry Canal should be completed the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; -between Atherstone and Heath, that the Oxford

Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by the said Canal should be completed *from Banbury to Oxford, Act have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the and that the Subscribers to the said new-proposed Credit of the Tolls thereby allowed, which, together Navigation should execute a Canal from the said Col-"with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act, heries to Birmingham and to Faze ley, and, the more have been duly laid out pursuant to the Directions easily to effect the Communication between Fazekif thereof, and great Progress has been made in amend- and Fradley Heath, it was agreed, that the Proprietors ing the said 'Roads, but the same cannot be effectually of the Coventry Canal should, by Authority of ’ParKa-repaired, and the other Purposes of the Act fulfilled, ment, or otherwise, relinquish to the Petitioners, and unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and fur- to the Subscribers to such proposed Canal, that Branch ther Powers granted for more effectually making and of the said Coventry Canal lying between Fazetey and repairing the said Road, and particularly for borrow- Fradley Heath, and that the same Should be executed idg a further Sum of Money upon the Credit of the by them at their joint Expence, and that, when the Tolls: And therefore praying, That Leave may be said Canal between Fazeicy and Fradley Hedth should given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of the be completed, it should be equally divided between, said Act, and for explaining and amending the same, and each Part considered as the separate and distinct and granting farther Powers to the Trustees for the Property of, the Petitioners and the said Subscribers, more effectually making and repairing the said and be supported accordingly; and that by an Act Road. made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred 'to the present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and 'Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- " maintaining a Navigable Canal from a Place called mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it " Ryders Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broad-shall appear to them, to die House: " water Fire-Engine, and Six collateral Cuts from the

And it is referred to Mr. Douglas, Sir Adam F- " same to several Coal Mines, and also, a Navigable gvsson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- " Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, join the Coventry Canal at or near in the

-and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and " Parish of Tamtvorth, in the said County of Stafford, 'Records. " with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the

" Town of Birmingham," after reciting the said Trent and A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the AgreemeUt of Delegates, and that the Canals and Col-MeneyNa- ‘Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was pre- lateral Cuts, thereby authorized to be made, had beea fixation. Rented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That substituted in the Stead of the said proposed Canal, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of from the Collieries at Wednesbury to Birmingham, and "His present Majesty, the Petitioners were impowered from thence to Fazeley aforesaid, and that the Com-to make a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the River ;pany of Proprietors, incorporated by the said Act, had Trent, at or near WildenFerry, in the County of Der- in Consideration thereof agreed to ratify and confirm by, to the River Mersey, in the County of Chester, the Agreement so entered into at on Behalf

which they have several Years since completed; and of the said former Subscribers, with respect to the Exe-that, by an Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign cution of that Part of the said Coventry Canal from of His present Majesty, certain Persons, therein Fazeley to Fradley Heath aforesaid, it is enacted, that the named, were united into One Body Politic and Cor- said Agreement so entered into by the said Subscribers, jjorate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of -and the several Matters and Things therein specified the Coventry Canal Navigation, and were impowered to and contained to be done and performed by and on ‘make a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of their Parts, should be binding and conclusive on the ' Coventry, to join the Canal of the Petitioners oafrad- Company of Proprietors incorporated by the said last-

ly Heath; and that, by another Act, made in the mentioned Act, as folly and effectually as if they had "Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, cer- been Parties thereto; and "that, by certain Articles of ‘tim ‘Persons, therein also named, were united into One Agreement, made the 29th Day of October 1783,

9 between

Ilk

It

25 Ge6. III. 7° Mafth* §05

between the Petitioners, the said Cotapatty of Proprititofi of the Coventry Canal Navigation, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, the be^ fore-mentioned Agreement, entered into at Cokdiill, was on their respective Parts ratified and confirmed; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to carty the said Agreement into Execution on their Parts, but are advised, that the same cannot be effectually done without the Aid of Parliament, and that some Amendments, in the said Two firgt-mentiotaed Acts, ate necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioners to carry the said Agreement into Execution on their Parti, and for giving them such Powers and Authorities as may be necessary For the aforesaid Purposes, in each Manner, and under such Regulations, ns to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the stud Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wroftesky, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Bower to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

iley A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of

pci. the Chapelry of Hanley, in tlje Parish of Stoke upon I'rent, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Settling forth, That, id or about the Year 1737, John Bourne, of Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, erected and endow* ed, at his own Expence, a small Chapel at aforesaid, for* the Cefebration of Divine Service according to the Established Church of England, which, together with the Burial Ground thereto adjoining, was duly Consecrated, and has been made use of by the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry; and that the Presentation or Right of Nomination of a Minister to officiate in die said Chapefl, having been granted to the said John Bourne by the Rector and Diocesan of the said Parish, Ik presented the Reverend John Middleton, the present Incumbent, thereto, who has ever since officiated as Curate (hereof; and that the said Chapel being gone greatly to Decay, and having by Reason of the Increase in the Number of Inhabitants within the said Chapelry, which is situated in the Midst of the Staffordshire Potteries, become wholly insufficient to contain the Numbers of People who of late Years have resorted thereto, the Petitioners and others are desirous that a new Chapel, on a larger Plan, should be erected on a more commodious Situation within the said Chapelry, and a more extensive Burial Ground be provided for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Chapelry: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and for vesting the Presentation to such new Chapel, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Orders, and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wrottesley, Mr. Solicitor General, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons* Papers* and Records.

1*55 . A Petition of the Governor and Company of British

ctory. Cast Plate Glass Manufacturer's, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said . Vo L. 40.

Petition, rehommends k so the Consideration of thfc House.

Then the said Petition was brought up and read;

Setting forth, That from their first Institution, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign* intituled, "An Act to incorporate " certain Persons therein named, and their Successors*

" with proper Bowers for the Purpose of establishing " One or moire Glass Manufactories within the King*

" dom of Great Britain, and for the effectually sup*

" porting and conducting the same, upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner calculated for " the casting of large Plate Glass," they have, with unremitting Attention, endeavoured to forward Work which Parliament, by its Sanction, meant to countenance as an Object of Public and National Concern; the Result has been, a real Performance of what was held up as a Plea to warrant the Privileges granted by Parliament to the said Company, who have brought the Manufactory to such a Degree of Per* section as already to stand forth a Rival, and to become an Object of Envy, to the French Nati6n in that Branch of Manufacture, which in France has been upheld for more than a Century by peculiar Indulgences of Monopoly in the Trade, and total Exemptions from Duties; and Representing to the House, that the Petitioners have expended, in the Progress of their Works, upwards of £ 100,000 without receiving the smallest Dividend, owing to a Variety of Circumstances to which an Infant Manufactory upon an entire new Plan must naturally be liable; and, amongst other Hardships, they have found the Duties payable to Government very oppressive, from the peculiar Manner in which Glass is made by Casting, ffifferhtg much from all other British Manufactories wherein the Glass is maide by Blowing; and this appears to be owing to an Extra Waste erf Metal through the whole Process of the Casting Work, and the Petitioners can prove, that they have paid Duty upon such Extra Waste of Metal, to the Amount of £. 7,000 and upwards; and that, from such heavy Burthens upon the Produce of the Manufactory, they find themselves unable to continue their Endeavours to support it, Without some Relief from Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring id a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the said Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and to authorize them to increase their Capital Stock, and to give such further Relief in regard to the Payment of Duties, as may repair the Losses already sustained by the Company, and prevent the like in future, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they d6 examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Banbury, &c. putting in Execution the Powers given and granted Roa* by an Act of Parliament, passed in or about the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, €t An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in u the County of Oxford, through Daticntiy and *c Cottesbach, to the South End 01 Mill Field, in the ft Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester, " was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth*

That great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Road, for which Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed on the

Credit

59 7" Martii. 178J.

Credit of the Tolls Collected by virtue of the said Adj Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the which now remain unpaid, with an Arrear of Interest; House.

and that the Amendment of the said Road cannot be Theh the said Petition was brought up, and read; completed, and the same kept in Repair for the future^ Setting forth* That, being aware of the many Incon-or the Money due be repaid, with the Interest thereon, veniencies and Difficulties-which would arise in the unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act Mode of Payment proposed by the Prize Agents, the are continued, explained, amended, altered, and en- Petitioner applied, by Desire of the Commanding Of* larged: And therefore praying, That Leave may bO fleers of Corps, to His Majesty's Principal Secretary given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and of State, Lord Sydney, for a Sign Manual, to authorize explaining, amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers the said Agents to pay into the Hands of the Regi-of the said Act, under such Regulations as the House mental Agents the Proportion of each Corps, accord-shall think proper. ing to a Distribution settled by a Board of General

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Officers, which Mode of Payment, when adopted, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do would facilitate and expedite the proposed Distribu-examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it tion; to this the Prize Agents objected, as being a shall appear to them, to the House: new Mode, and what they could not legally comply

And it is referred to Mr. Powys, Mr. Frederick with; and that the Inconveniences apprehended have Montagu, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- been already felt in many Instances, and must conti-ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; nue to prevail, from the Mode of Attendance, given and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and only the First Friday of each Month, whereas, had the Records. Money been lodged with the Regimental Agents, who are in constant Attendance, all the above Difficulties Debtors Pe* A Petition of the several surviving Debtors, as well and Delays would be readily obviated under the In*

tition. Crown as others, now under Confinement in His Ma- spection of their own Colonels and Officers, and the

jesty’s Gaol at Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was poor brave fellows who have suffered' so severely, and presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their have deserved so well of their Country as to have re-Distress, and praying Relief. ceived the Thanks of both Houses of Parliament,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the would receive their Pittances without the Deduction of Table. Odd Pence stopt from each Individual; and Repre-

senting to the House, that the Head Money, which Hockliffe,&c. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names was calculated at 5/. per Man, was paid in Non-In-Road. are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and terest Navy Bills, which being sold at a considerable others, Creditors of, and Trustees for repairing, the Discount, did not produce the Sum intended by the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Beneficence of the Nation, as a Reward to the Garri-Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, was son of Gibraltar; and, to obviate other Objections on presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Part of the Prize Agents, about Payment to be the Term granted by several Acts of Parliament, for made to Greenwich Hospital, it is proposed, that the repairing the said Road, are nearly expired, on the Regimental Agents, at the Expiration of Three Years,

Credit of which considerable Sums of Money have shall produce an Account, upon Oath, of the Sums been borrowed, which still remain unpaid: And which remain unclaimed, to be then disposed of al therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring His Majesty’s Pleasure: And therefore praying, That in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effec- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize tual, an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the and direct the Prize Agents to pay such Sums as shall Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, remain or may come to their Hands to the Regimen-intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road between tal Agents, to be by them distributed among the Of* u Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stirat- fleers and Soldiers, according to the Distribution set* u ford, in the County of Buckingham;" and also, to tied by the aforesaid Board of General Officers; and continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, One that all further Sums of Money remitted to them from other Act, made and passed in the Twenty-seventh Gibraltar in consequence of the Destruction of the Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act to Floating Batteries, and the taking of the Saint Michael,

" continue and render more effectual an Act passed shall be disposed of in the like Manner.

" in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa*

" of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it " Buckingham." shall appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the And it is referred to Sir George Harvard, Mr. Grant, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber, shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Young, Mr. Aubrey, &c.: A Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knightsbridge, being Phillips's

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of offered to be presented to the House; Provision

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s prMcmtl(’1

to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe-Gibraltar A Petition of Lieutenant-General Sir Robert Boyd, tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the Prize Money. Knight of the Bath, and Lieutenant-Governor of House.

Gibraltar, in Behalf of his Brother Ofiicelrs and Soldiers Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; of the Garrison of Gibraltar, who, by a Vote of Par- Setting forth, That in March 1781 the Petitioner liament, were entitled to receive Head and Prize presented a Petition to the House, praying a Reward

Money for the Floating Batteries destroyed on the for his Invention of a Powder for the Preservation of

13th of September 1782, and for the Spanish Ship of dry Provisions on Board His Majesty’s Ships from War Saint Michael, which was taken the October follow- Weevils and other Vermin: and, the House, having

ing, being offered to be presented to the House; sufficient Proofs of the Utility of the said Powder,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s passed a Bill for providing a Reward of £. 3,600 to Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, the Petitioner, but which Reward the House of Lords having been informed of the Contents of the said postponed until further Proofs of the Success of the

Petitioner’s

35 Geo. III. 7 0 Mar tit507

Petitioner’s Invention, and ordered a particular Account of the Result of such Experiments as were then making, or should be made, on Board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, of the Efficacy of the Petitioner’s Powder, to be laid before them in the next Session of Parliament; in Obedience to . which, Sixteen additional Certificates have been transmitted to the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty’s Navy, which are now before the House; and that the Petitioner, conscious, from the numerous and incontrovertible Testimonies in Support of his Invention, that the Utility of his Discovery gives him a Claim to Public Protection, and as the House are well acquainted that-the Annual Expence in War Time for Bread alone is from Three to Four hundred thousand Pounds, the Petitioner’s Powder saving a great Part of the heavy Expence arising from damaged and decayed Bread, for the trifling Sum of Five Guineas in a First Rate Man of War, thinks himself fully entitled to the Reward granted in 1781, or at least to a Share in the Savings to Government his Powder has already actually been productive of, which by different Calculations amount to upwards of £. 5,000, besides preserving the Health of the Seamen; and that, as the Petitioner cannot expect in Time of Peace to be reimbursed by Sale of his Powder all the Expences he has been at in Experiments, to the great Destruction of his little Fortune, before he had brought his Discovery to its present Perfection, and being the more reduced to Want through Blindness, and other insupportable Afflictions, by trusting to the Expectation of a Parliamentary Gratuity, when it had actually passed the House of Commons; therefore implores the House not to keep him any longer in Suspence, but grant him such Relief as they may judge the public Benefit likely to accrue from his Invention, and the Money he has actually been the Means of saving to the Nation, reasonable to be allowed him.

Oi'dei'ed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pye, Sir Charles Middleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Prizes at A Petition of Sir George Collier, Knight, late Com-

Ex^tion zander in Chief of His Majesty’s Fleet in America, xpe 1 on. jQggtijgj. with the Captains whose Names are thereunder signed, in Behalf of themselves and others, and also of the Officers and Men under their Command, on the late Expedition to Penobscot, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That having received authentic Intelligence at New York, in' August 1779, of His Majesty’s Garrison at Penobscot being besieged by Sea and Land by a considerable Number of American Forces, the Petitioners proceeded from thence with His Majesty’s Squadron for its Relief, and in' a few Days were so ‘fortunate as to accomplish the Passage, and to get Sight of the Enemy’s Fleet, who, on the King’s Ships giving Chance, retreated soon after up Penobscot Bay and River, where they were all run ashore, set fire to, and destroyed, to the Amount of Seventeen Sail of Ships of War, and several Transports, besides a great Number of smaller Vessels designed for the Purpose of Annoyance; and that the Enemy’s Ships of War had on board alive at the Time of the Chace Two thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five Men (exclusive Vo l. 40.

of their Army and the Seamen in the Transports and other Vessels) and which Ships of War were intended for proceeding immediately to cruize upon the British Trade, so soon as the Reduction of the King’s Garrison was completed, which they expected would have happened the same Day the British Squadron appeared, as a general Assault was about to take Place by Land and Sea; and that the Petitioners having made Application to the Navy Board for the Head Money for the before-mentioned Two thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five Men (who were on Board the Ships of War when destroyed) have received for Answer, that it cannot be granted for Want of the necessary Affidavits required by Act of Parliament from Three of the principal Officers of each Ship so destroyed or taken; and Representing to the House, that it was not possible to comply with the Forms prescribed, from the Circumstance that all the Enemy’s Officers and Men got on Shore from their Ships, and took their Way through Woods and desart Wilds, where the greater Part perished for Want of Provisions, &c: The Petitioners therefore, in Behalf of themselves, the Officers, and Men concerned, finding themselves precluded from the Advantage which they conceive was intended by the Legislature as an Encouragement for His Majesty’s Navy, by the Impossibility of their being able to comply with the Form prescribed (though from the Spirit of the Act they presume they are entitled to such Advantage, from their good Conduct and Success on the before-mentioned Occasion) pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as shall appear just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. James Luttrell, Sir Charles Middleton, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor-

row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Haseldens thereunto subscribed, Trustees- for putting in Execu- Wood Road, tion Two Acts of Parliament; the one, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post ~~ on Haselderis Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Ap-pledore Heath, and from Milkhouse-Street, in the same Parish, to Castledens Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden, and from Golford Green, in the said Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the Parish of Bencnden, all in the County of Kent; and the other, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s* Reign, for repealing so much of the said first-mentioned Act as related to the said Road from Golford Green to Tanners Vent; for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, with respect to the other Roads therein contained, and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Tenter den, through Rohenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great Progress in amending the Roads directed by the said Acts to be repaired (except the said Road from Golford Green to Tanner's Vent) and for that Purpose have borrowed, on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road leading from the White Post on Haseldens Wood to Appledore Heath, the Sum of £. 7,700. on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road leading from Milkhouse Street to Castledens Oak, the Sum of £. 1,300. and on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road leading from the Turnpike Road in Tenterden, through Rolvenden} to the Turnpike Road in Newenden, the Sum of £. 1,525, which are still due and owing; and that the Petitioners find that the said '7 N* Roads

Liverpool Docks, &c.

p8 7° Martii. 1785.

Roads cannot be kept in Repair, nor the Monies Harbour, are not sufficient for the Ships and Vessels borrowed, with the Interest thereupon, be paid off, coming therein to lade and unlade, and it is necessary unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are con- to erect One or more new Wet Dock or Docks, with tinued and enlarged, the Tolls thereby granted in- proper Piers, and other Works, for the Accommo-creased, and the Acts in some other Respects varied, dation of Shipping within the said Port: And there-

and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to increase the Bill to enlarge the Term ana Powers granted by the Tolls, enlarge and prolong the Term and Powers of the Four several Acts of Parliament aforesaid, under such said Acts, and make the same, in other Respects, more Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem effectual. meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House: it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honytooood, And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, the Lord &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, Penrhyn, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,

Records. and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Bridge over Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation ^"alht8 of Livet'pool, in Common Council assembled, and of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled, whose 8

also, of several Merchants, Owners, and Masters of Copimon Seal is thereto affixed, was presented to the

Ships and Vessels trading to and from the said Port House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and Harbour of Liverpool, and of the Inhabitants of observe, that a Petition has been presented for Leave the said Town of Liverpool, whose Common Seal and to bring in a Bill for making a Bridge or Embank-

Names are thereunto affixed and subscribed, was pre- ment over an Arm of the Sea between the Counties

seated to the House, and read; Setting forth, That of Caernarvon and Anglesey, called The Slreights of by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, Mcnai, at a Place called Bangor Ferry; and Alledg-for making a convenient Dock or Bason at Liverpool, ing, that the proposed Bridge, or any other such Ob-for the Security of Ships trading to and from the said struction in that Water, would render the Navigation Port, several Powers are granted to the Corporation there uncertain and dangerous: And therefore praying, of Liverpool, and certain Duties laid upon Shipping if the House shall give Leave that a Bill be brought trading to the said Port, to be applied for the Pur- in for the Purpose aforesaid, that the Petitioners may poses expressed in the said Act; which Duties (except be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the One-fourth Part thereof, which is to continue as long same.

as the Bason and Works shall exist) were to have Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years; Table, until the Report be received from the Com-and that by another Act, passed in the Third Year of mittee to whom the Petition of several Noblemen,

King George the First, the said temporary Duties and and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy,

Powers were continued for the further Term of Four- and others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other teen Years; and, by another Act, of the Eleventh Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Year of King George the Second, the said temporary Ireland, is referred.

Duties are further continued for the further Term of

Thirty-one Years, and several Powers are granted to Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant Works and the said Corporation, for enlarging their Wet Dock, to their Orders, Fortification

and erecting a Pie* in the said Harbour; and that, An Account of the Expences incurred by the Of- yards! by another Act of the Second Year of His present fice of Ordnance in building and repairing Works Majesty, the said temporary Duties are further con- for the Defence of His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Ply-tinued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, mouth, Portsmouth, Gosport, Chatham, Dover, and and from thence to the End of the then next Session Sheerness, erected since the 1st of January 1777: And of Parliament, and several Powers are granted to the also,

said Corporation for making another Dock, with A Report of the probable Amount of the Expence proper Piers, in the said Harbour; all which several which will be incurred for completing the several Works have been performed pursuant to the Intention Fortifications intended to be erected to the Westward of the said Acts, and have greatly tended to the Ad- of Plymouth, and on the Gosport Side, and at Hilsea, vancement of Trade, and the Security of Shipping; for the better Security of His Majesty’s Dock Yards and Representing to the House, that the Trade of the at Plymouth and Portsmouth.

said Town is of late Years greatly increased, and the And the Titles of the said Account and Report Ships and Vessels using the Port of Liverpool are were read.

more numerous than formerly, and the Three Wet The said Account and Report are as followeth;

Docks, and the Dry Pier already built in the said viz.

An

35 Geo. Ill

7° Martii

599

An ACCOUNT of the Expences incurred by the Office of Ordnance, in building and repairing Works for the Defence of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, at Plymouth, Portsmouth, Gosport, Chatham, Dover, and Sheerness, erected since the 1st of January 1777 Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable -the House of Commons, 25th February 1785; viz*.

Plymouth -Portsmouth Gosport Chatham Dover

ShEERNESS -

C d-91,523 13 8

124,242 12 6 42,048 16 — 143, pfo 8 3 39,551 *5 — 60,924 8 6

W. Howe, James LuttrG. Qrawfurd.

Office of Ordnance, 7 Mar. 1785.

J

Yol. 40.

Ip

6oo

7° Marti:

A. 1785.

In Obedience to the Orders of the Honourable House of Commons, " That the Master General and " Board of Ordnance do prepare, and lay before this House, a Report of the probable Amount of the Expence which will be incurred for completing the several Fortifications intended to be erected to the " Westward of Plymouth, and on the Gosport Side, and at Hilsea, for the better Security of His Majesty’s . " Dock Yards at Plymouth and Portsmouth — the Master General and Board of Ordnance, report, That,

For NEW WORKS proposed,

A Fort near Stokes Bay, traced on the Ground, and estimated from Measurement, will amount to ——

£ s. d.

135,97° 13 11

From the above Estimate the Expence of the following new proposed Works have been computed.

A Fort near Frater Lake ——

A Fort near Hilsea Lines -

A Fort on the Heights of Maker, with detached Works -

A Fort at Merryfield, with detached Works ——

Total of new Works proposed - - £.

The Lands for the Forts at Stokes Bay and Maker Heights are purchased, but not paid for.

110.000 -

100.000 -

100.000 -

90,000-----

535,97° 13 11

Those at Stokes Bay, including the Land on which Fort Monckton stands, and Arrears of Rent for Five Years, amount to -

Those for Maker Heights amount to -

The purchase of other Lands, depending on the Value which Juries may choose to set on them, cannot be ascertained; but the Quantity of Land wanted at Merryfield will be nearly the same as at Maker Heights, and may probably be of about the same Value ——

The Quantity of Land wanted at Frater Lake will not be so great as what has been purchased for Stokes Bay and Fort Monckton, and it is imagined cannot exceed -The Quantity of Ladd wanted near Hilsea is inconsiderable, and it is imagined cannot exceed ——

Total Value of Land wanted - - - - £

£ s. I ",747 16 71 13,945 7 6

14.000 -

10.000 -

5,000----

54,693 4 U

For Alterations, and re-building of old Works, and finishing those which were begun previous to or during the last War, and are in considerable Forwardness.

For Alterations and Improvements, deemed necessary, at Cumberland Fort -

For rebuilding South Sea Castle - -

For completing Fort Monckton, estimated from actual Measurement -For finishing the Works immediately covering the Dock Yard at Portsmouth (as far as is deemed necessary, if the other proposed new Works are completed) now estimated, from actual Measurement, at- - -

Total for altering, re-building and finishing old Works

Total for the Purchase of lands -

Total for new Works -

£ d.

25,000-----

6,700----

42,407 12 31

27,79® n 1

101,898 3 4{ 54,963 4 ii 535,97° 13 n

Total General of the probable Amount of the Expence which will be incurred for completing new Works, for the Purchase of Land, and for altering, re-building, and finishing old Works, for the better Security of His Majesty’s Dock Yards at Portsmouth and Plymouth -

692,562

51

As this Computation for new Works exceeds, by about £ 36,000, that of or £ 500,000 given by the Master General, in his Report on the Estimate for 1783, the following Reasons are submitted, as the Cause of this Difference.

That Computation was made from a rough Calculation of the Number of Posts necessary to be occupied, in order to keep an Enemy out of Distance of bombarding the Dock Yards, and of the Sort of Expence that new Works, sufficient for those Posts, might amount to; of which it was thought right that Parliament should have such a general Idea as could then be formed, previous to any Money being asked, with an Intention to begin Works on that System.

Until the Ground was purchased and cleared, and the Levels and Sections taken, the particular Plan for each 'Situation could not be determined, and consequently no correct Estimate could be formed.

The Manner in which these Works might be constructed, would also very much vary the Expence.

Hie

5 Geo. III. of Mar HL i

The same Works, which are now computed to cost £ 536,00b, if executed frith fevetmen, of Sod of Grass, as is frequently done, would cost only £295,000; if with Demi-Revetments and Counter Escarps in Masonry, of the same Section as the Works immediately coveripg the Dock Yarji at Portsmouth, £ 346,000; if with whole Revetments and Counter Escarps in Masonry, £417,006; if, besides whole Revetplelifc and Counter Escarps in Masonry, Casemated Defences, Magazines, Storehouses, arid‘Lodgment for Tthe Troopk (all Bomb-Proof) and Barracks for the Garrison, are included; ds at present intended, the Expence (as dbove computed) will be £536,000, and exceed the First rough Computation by about £3^6,000; if upon a less durable Construction, and with fewer Powers of Resistance, they Would be much within it. 1 ‘ ' ,; 1 O

The Purchase of Lands, Alterations, re-building, and finishing old Works,! Were not included in that Computation. ( , v; J *

It is necessary to explain, that it has been judged expedient to increase she Dimensions first intended for the Fort at Stokes Bay, to strengthen it by Inundations, and to construct every Part in solid Masonry, with such additional Advantages as may be derived from advanced Works, and covered Defences in all the Tlanks, in order to render this important Post as Secure as possible.

The Plan for Frater Lake is of smaller Extent, and has not the Benefit of Inundations; but it is intended to have the same Solidity of Construction; advanced Works, and covered Defences: And it has been thought, that the Two Flanks of the Approach on thd Gosport Side, being sd effectually fortified by these Two strong Forts, the intermediate Work, at first proposed for the Ground near Rowner Church, might be dispensed with. If it should ever be thought adviseable to erect it, the Expence will be ajboiit the same as the Fort at Frater Lake. V

It is also necessary to observe, that the Plan of the Work proposed for Merrlfield (although included in this Computation) has been suspended, from a Desire of avoiding to subject Mr. Carepo to the Incoriveniencies which he apprehends from having a Work within Half a Mile of his House, and in Hopes that some pther Situation may be found, whose combined Advantages may, without Increase of Expence to the Public,\afibrd, equal Protection to the Dock Yard. ’ 1 ,

The re-building South Sea Castle is become indispensable, from the Sea having lately undermined the Foundation, and demolished great Part of the Wall. The great Expence which has from Time to Time been incurred, in various Attempts to secure the Sea Wall, has been found ineffectual against the violent Surf that rages ther^. The old Work is of too bad a Form to deserve the Expence necessary to repair it. A square Redoubt, of a modern Construction, more advantageously and securely placed, a little further from the Sea, is proposed to be built in its Stead.

It is conceived, that the Two new Forts on the Gosport Side, and the Third near Hilsea Lines, together with the Completion of Fort Monckton, the re-building South Sea Castle, and the Improvement of Cumberland Fort, will be sufficient to keep an Enemy out of Distance of bombarding the Dock Yard at Portsmouth; and that the Two Forts on the Heights of Maker, and at Merrifield, with their Dependencies, will afford an equal Degree of Security for the Dock Yard at Plymouth, against a Bombardment from an Enemy landed to the Westward of that Port. The Eastward Side of Plymouth would require at least Five considerable Forts to keep an Enemy out of Reach of Bombardment, by Means of Fortifications: But the Distance at which an Enemy must land on that Side, the vast Detour he must make, and the Difficulties of the Country he must pass through, are so great, that there can be little Doubt but that the Garrison of the Place, assisted by the numerous Inhabitants of the Country, whose Zeal was so generously manifested on the late Alarm, will be sufficient to prevent the Approach of an Enemy on that Side, until effectual Succours can arrive.

A Garrison of 12,000 Men for Plymouth, and 10,000 Men for Portsmouth, with such Help as they may always get from the neighbouring Country, will, it is presumed, be sufficient for the Defence of these Ports, fortified in the Manner proposed, and give sufficient Time for the Strength of the Country to be collected, and to arrive for their Relief.

The Time in which the present Plans will be completed, will depend entirely on the Grants of Parliament. If the Money is supplied in Three or Four Years, the Works may be all finished in that Time. But there is this peculiar Advantage in this System of fortifying by detached inclosed Works, that the Benefits are not postponed till the Whole ms completed; for, as fast as each Work is clone, it adds so much Strength, not only by diminishing the Number of Points of Attack, but by rendering those that remain much more hazardous to an Enemy, who must leave a Fort on his Flank, or in his Rear, that must greatly annoy him. If only the Two Works proposed to be begun upon this Year, at the important Points of Stokes Bay, and the Heights of Maker, were finished, they would add very considerable Strength to the Defences of Portsmouth and Plymouth.

The Object of the proposed Fortifications is to obtain perfect Security for the valuable Stores of the Two principal Naval Arsenals of the Kingdom; blit these Works will besides operate as actual Increase of the Navy, by enabling that Part of it to become active wherever it may be warited, which must otherwise remain stationary at Home, for the Protection of the Dock Yards.

If the Master General and Board of Ordnance have in this Report gone beyond the Order of this Honourable House, to state the probable Amount of Expence, and have shewed the Grounds on which their Computation is founded, and the Object of the W'orks proposed, they trust it will be imputed to their Desire of giving the fullest Information in their Power. Intrusted by His Majesty with this important Branch of the Defence of the Country, they have thought it incumbent on them to offer such Ideas as they conceived would most effectually attain that. End. — Having discharged their Duty, it remains with Parliament to determine upon the System to be pursued, by suffering the Grant of £ 50,000, made last Year to His Majesty, to be employed on the extended Plan for which it was voted, or to restrict it to more confined Works, or to resume it entirely, and risk the Safety of the Dock Yards w ithout any Fortifications.

Ofliec of Ordnance,

7th March 1785.

Vol. 40. 7 O Ordered\

Richmond, &c.

Master General of His Majesty’s Ordnance.

tV. Hawer James Luttrclly G. Crawfurd\

Jr Aldridge.

London Toll n Corn.

,6o%

7° Martii.

A. .1785.

The House being informed that.Ope of foe Sheriff of the C|ity of JumdOP attended at foe Do,or; be was called' in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

.flou*>

A Petition of the Iford Aldprmen.nud Com-

Qrtyr$d, That ,foeasflid ^<ttpupt,up.d Report so> lie being, manifestly the-Conservancy of ther River Thames, upon foe jabje, be.Repi^ed ,forfoe Members ,of the wifojp -the Limits ,afqresw}, and -the Maintenance of '' ,.foe Port of the Lflfect-of establishing :such

Ordered, Copies ,of the said Claim /will so far reduce the Amount or Net Produee

Jfcspprtibe nrfoitefo $pll fee ^i,0ipi?pt, for fop.Use.of of the Duty to ,be received ,by the City, as will ren-foe J^eipbe^.ftf foe IjpHSe. tier it insufficient to satisfy the Charges >of collecting,

.and therehy wholly defeat the Purposes of the original Grant, and will terminate tin the total rExtinction of ,the Doty, to the great ;Prqjudiee and Loss of the City of London, who are still, at all Events, bound,

.at their own Charge ,»sd Expense, ,tp preserve the

..... Navigation, and maintain the Port, ias well ifor ;the

mons, of the, City $ so Cqpupou Qpuncil Benefit of foe Publfo, aa,of those Individuals who

assembled. have thus deprived them of the above Consideration

And then withdrew. ipr Emolument: And therefore praying, That Leave

And the spid Letitipp ,was read j Getting fort!}, That may he given to bang ,in,a Rill for . restoring and con-foe Mayor, and Community, and Cltirenj, of the firming the said Toll, pr Duty, ;to (the said 'City of City of La/tdop, yhp qr^twifoin certain Linfits, Con- London, In such Manner as to the House may seem

' ’ meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ,of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &c.: And 'they are to meet Tomorrow Mowing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Paper's, and Records.

The House being informed that One of the Sheri® Thames and of the City of London attended at the Door; he Isis Naviga-was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the c*on* House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then be withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth.

servators -.of the River fflmies , and Waters of ivay, as also Owners and Proprietors of the Port of London, hp.ve, from Time founempifol, been, with the Exceptions hemin mentioned, entitled to, and have; by themselves, their Lessees, or Officers appointed for foqt jforpppe, ucjfodly received from ,uU Persons, not being free of the said City, a certain prescriptive Toll, or Ifoty, of ,a Faifowg a Quarter for every Quarter of Cpw by them imported, or brought by Water, so to the said Pprt of London, Eastward of London Bridge fexcept from ,the Cinque PoifSj, or foe County of fient) and (he City of London appoint a Collector, at the Custom House, to receive the said Tqll, or Duty, for their Use, and pay the same into foe Chamber of foe said City; and that the said Duty, when collected, fias been always returned jo such of foe Proprietors of Corn a? were freemen of London, pi to their Factors on foeir Rehajf, upon foeir producing a Note for font Purpose; and that severed Frqeipen of London, who were mew Factors

and Consignees of C.oru7 have, for a great Length of That the Petitioners have been informed that a Peri

Time, availed foepisriyes of that Cpstpu), to obtain a Return of fop Duty, as well for Cprn which confessedly belonged to Non-freemen, and was only consigned to theuj as Fpptpr?, and therefore, in Truth, subject to the Duty, as for Cprn which wps bona fide foe absolute Property of Freemen, and for which they were entitled to an Exemption from the Payment of the said Duty, and by this Means a Custom has crept in tp return fop' Duty indiscriminately to so such Factors or Consignees of Corn a? werp hreemen. wifoout any Attention befog paid to fop actual and real Property in the Com sp consigned; and foat this Custqtp had prevailed for sp great Length of Time, that upon foe Trial of certain Actions that have beep

tion of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and from the City of London to the Town of in

the County of Wilts, is intended to be presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to extend pud enlarge the Powers and Authorities of the said Commissioners, as also of the Mayor, and Commonalty, apd Citizens, of the City of , who have the Care and Management of the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, to Staines, and to apply the Amount of the Duty of Three Shillings per Chaldron

on Coals, as shall arise and become payable Westward jirouglit and prosecuted by seyefal Correctors who of Staines, for foe Purpose of amending, improving, were Freemen, to recover back such Duties to foeir completing, and maintaining the said Navigation, own Emolument, fog Courts of Lo^r haye not thought and for discharging the Debts and Tolls thereon; themselves at Liberty tp decide against fog fame; so and foat an Act was made so tire Seventeenth Year consequgnce of which, so? fodisPrimfoate Claims of of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling

.1 t 1 tS . 1 ' 1 C______i. 1.1*1 1 DnfiSannniu, 4-rv mtwytlwK.n iU ^H VP. 11 _

the said Factors have been so far established as to leave no Hopps of Rgdress bj Wy Mode of legal to — *..'*... ^nd that Custom by no Means

tends to preserve fop Navigation, tP maintain foe Poyt of London, or to benefit foe Consignors of Corn, V»hp are the rea\ Impqrt^fS foerqpf, by relieving foam

the Petitioners to purchase the then existing Tolls and Duties, payable for navigating upon the said River Westward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of foe City, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, for foe Purpose of more effectually com-( 5 pleting foe said Navigation, and for other Purposes:

from foe said tfoty.i^^ipg always cfiareed so foam and that, notwithstanding a very large Sum of Money by foe/ Cofofopfors* and foerefore, in Amth, i» a tiath been expended by foe Petitioners out of their CVfo. 9a foe Part of foe Free Teeters, as. Consignees, own Revenues, exclusive of the Money borrowed to receive the Duty to their own Use, and not merely upon the Security of the Tolls made payable by the to be exempted from foe Payment of a Duty to said Act, yet a further Sum is necessary for the Per-which all Non-freemen are liable, which latter was formance of other Works, in order to improve and the Ground foey firsjt endeavoured so maintain, but complete the said Navigation to Staines, and to keep which they were obliged to relinquish, as it would the same in Repair; and, the Petitioners submit, in have amounted to an Exemption of foe Corn of Non- case the House shall grant the Drawback petitioned freemen, in direct Opposition to foe Terms of the for by the said Commissioners, it will be thought just Custom; and foat foe Consideration, for which foe and equitable, that a certain Part or Proportion Duty was originally granted to the City of London, thereof should be allowed to the Petitioners, for the

Redemption

5 Geo. III. . #63

| ‘Redemption bf'titeToUs nA^Jp^bleJby the stddlist- if his Father, ‘from ‘a Confidence that parliament

t Mentioned ‘Afet, ttnii to 'feria6te(tfi&tt to' compfete' th£ &id would riot have presutiied him to be an Alien, if he

’Navigation to Staines; arid tbit, if thesePut ptiseswefe were notsuchbyLaw^ out of Respect and Deference

! ‘attained, the Navigation df* the; said RiverWriuld, as the to the Legislature, and from a total Ignorance of the

‘Petitioners apprehend, riot only be very considerably Law, as well' as from ap"absolute Inability to,bear the ‘improved, but1 also4 rendered qiiite free and uriincumbefea Ex ponces of litigating the (Question, accepted of the ‘from the Tolls'arid TXutfes tibW payable: ’Arid therefore 'Sum of X- 24,000 (as the Act expresses it) as a Repraying the House to'talre the’I^mi&sinto^C^^ Jlief‘for His Support; and that the Petitioner, undqr

tion, and grant such Relief therein ris to‘ilie House shall 'the implicit Copviction of his being an, Alien, and 'seem meet.: consequently , of‘his Incapacity to take an Estate Tfai),

Ordered, That thfe "Stiid 'Piititkto lio lIfe Upon the under the Settlement of 1712, is recited, in,an Act

Table. of Parliament,passe<I in the Twenty-second Year of

King George the Second,to have consented, that all j^r[of A Petition df th^Righthdnbtirkble James EdHholOmdv ‘theRight^ Title, and Interest, which he, or his Issue

Kewburgh's }Earl of Netvburgh, Vfecourit JCntmird, Baron Lemngstdn Mate, had, or could have, to the Estates comprized

Estates. *of iFfacraig, in the Kingdom* of [Scotland, Bfeing offered in the said Settlement of 1712, should be extinguish-

’to be presented to the blouse; ‘fed; arid thtit, by the established Law of tjiis Country,

Mr. Chancellor df tile Ei6he‘quer, by His Majesty's an Estate YaR cannot be barred or defeated, as against

'Command, acquainted the Ubtisfc, That His Majesty, the Issue in Tail, but by a Common Recovery, or a

having been informed of the‘Cdritents of the skid Peti- Pine, or an Xct of Parliament, expressly dispensing

tion, recommends ;it to th'e'Con^ldferation of the House. Hvith these necessary Forms of Law, and it is qleaf Then the said Petition Was 'brought up, and read-; the legislature did not iriean to defeat the Estate Tail Setting forth, That In ‘dr about ‘the Year 1716, the of the Petitioner, since they did not make any Mediate Charles RMoliffe, Esqriife, the Petitioner's Father, lion of this Estate Tail throughout the Act, but <J}-although then brily in the Nineteenth Year of his vested the Fee Simple put of his Majesty, which, in Age, was atthfated df ftiih Treason; and that, by the Supposition of the Petitioners being no Alien, an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King was riot yet come into Possession; and that, by the "George the Fifft, aH the MrinoVs, Lands, and Here- said Act, the Petitioner istto remain, in respect to his ditaments, whereuntd any such Attainted Persons were Claim, to be deemed to bq a natural-born Subject, md then, or afterwards, erttitifed, wfere forfeited to, and in the same Condition as he would have been, in

were thereby vested iri, his then Majesty, his Heirs case the Act had not been made; and that the Pe-and Successors, for the Use of the Public, according titioner confides, that he is not precluded from claim-to the several Estates and Interests Which such at- tog to be a Subject of this Country in Law,* as he is tainted Persons had thereto respectively, and where in Heart and Desire, and that, although the Petitioner, they were seized of fen Estate iri Tail iri Possession, as the Son of an attainted Father, born Abroad, seems,

the same, it was thereby ‘exacted, Should be vested in by the Fourth of King George the Second; to be pre-

his Majesty, his Heirs and Suricefesbrs, in Fee Simple; eluded from claiming the Benefit of the Act of the Se-and that the Petitioner’s Father, after his Attainder, venth of Queen Anne; by which latter Act the Children , became seised, iri Tail Male, In Possession, of certain Pf all riaturril-born Subjects, born out of his Majesty’s

Lands and Hereditaments, cPrripfized in a Settle- Allegiance, are declared to be natural-born Subjects tirent made in the Year 169!, which therefore be- to all Intents and Purposes, yet, by the said Act of came , vested in his Majesty in Fee Simple, by virtue the Fourth of King George the Second, the Petitioner of the aforesaid Act; anti that the Petitioner’s Fa- is expressly declared, in respect of his being an Alien, ther also, after his Attainder, became Tenant, for to be and remain in the same Condition as he would Life, of certain Other Lands and Hereditaments, have been iri case the said Seventh of Queen Anne,

comprized in a Settlement made in the Year 1712. and the Fourth of King George the Second, had not

with Remainder to his First rind other Sons in Tail been made; and that the Petitioner is advised, that, Male; and that the Petitioner was born in France. before either of these Acts had passed, he was, by the

in the Year 1725, of the said Charted Radcliffe, and Common Law and Statute Law of this Realm, a na-

the Right honourable Charlotte Countess of New- lural-born Subject, yet, in qs much as Parliament, in burgh, his Wife, and the Petitioner confides, that the First Instance, undertook the Consideration of the the Forfeiture in Fee Simple of the most lucrative Petitioner’s Case; though they expressly avoided de-Part of the Derwentwater Estates, and the Receipt ciding upon it, the Petitioner thinks it a proper Sub-of the Rents and Profits of the remaining Part of the mission and Deference to the Legislature rather to said Estates, by the Public, for upwards of Fifty submit his Pretensions to the Justice and Equity of

Years, will have fully atoned for the Cririie of his Parliament, than to enter into a strict legal Disquisi-

attainted Ancestor; and that, although the Petitioner, tion of his Right, against the seeming Presumption Of by the Forfeiture of his attainted Ancestors, has suf- the Legislature; and that, by the said Act of the fered the loss of an ancient English Earldom, and of Twenty-second of King George the Second, his theri the greatest Parts of his Family Estates, yet is he Majesty consented that the Parliament should make kept out of the remaining Part of them, not on ac- any Disposition and Settlement they should think fit count of their having been forfeited by the* Attainder of the Interest his Majesty then had, or might have, of his Ancestors, but because the Petitioner has hi- in the Premises, for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital therto been presumed an Alien, for, after the Attain- at Greenwich? and by the same Act, such Estate was der of the Petitioner’s Uncle, the late East of t)er- divested out of his Majesty, and was vested in the wenticater, his Son, Mr. John Radcliffi, clairried, and Governors of the said Hospital; and that no» Estate actually enjoyed, for near Seventeen Years, the Es- or Interest whatsoever in the Premises comprised tates in Question, as Tenant in Tail Male, under the in the said Settlement of 1712 was vested in his very same Settlement of 1712, and there is no other then Majesty, if the Petitioner was by Law a natural-Objection, than the Presumptiop of Alienage, against born Subject, and therefore the Estate Tail, which, in the Petitioner’s enjoying this very Estate, for, by one that Supposition, was vested in the Petitioner, was and the same Settlement, each Father had a Life Es- neither divested out of him by that Act, or barred as tate, which lie forfeited by his Attainder, and each against his Issue Male, and that, if Parliament have so Son, after his Fathers Death, had the same Estate recently restored the forfeited. Estates of several loyal entailed upon him precisely in the samfe Maririer; and1 Descendants of attainted Ancestors, the Petitioner that the Petitioner, in the Year 1749, after the Death confidently relies, that the same gracious Bounty and Vot. 40. Mercy

etgitrzed by

Go

London Toll n Cora.

60%

fMartil

4 178^.

Qr<fer?d, Tbqt foe^sflid Aocwptw^l Report ,do lie befog, manifestly. the , Consecvapcy of the’River Thames, upon foe Table, ,|o ^penned ..forfoe Members ,of the wifofo -the Limits aforesaid, lMd the Maintenance of Tipufo. ..the Port of the pfiect of establishing: such

Ordered,mt^h, PX«P»b^.of Copies of the said Claim wjU so far reduce the Amount or Net Produce Rppqrt.be printed, jw fopll-he ^fopfoptibr the Use.of of the Duty to »be received ,by the City, as will ren-the.j^eiphers.ftif the . der it,insufficient ,to satisfy the ^Charges of collecting,

, and thereby wholly defeat,the Purposes of the original The House. being informed that Ope of the Sheriffs Grant, and will terminate tin the total /Extinction of of the City of jLpnjfap atfopjfod at foe ;Do,pr; he the Duty, to the great /Prejudice and , Loss of the was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the City of London, who are still, at all Events, bound, Hpu$e, . at their own Change , and Expense, ,to preserve the

A Petition of the Iford M^ypr, Aldarpien, and Com- Navigation, and maintain /the Port, tas well tfor :the

njonsj of foe, City ,of fandoji, fn CppwjafiP Cpnocil Benefit of the EphUfe as of those Individuals who assembled. ‘ have fous deprived them of the above Consideration

And then ^^tiforeW- ,pr Emolument: And therefore praying, That Leave

And the spid Petition was read > fitting forth, That jpay be given to bring in.a Billfor.restorfog /and con-foe Mayor, and CofofoWfdty, and Cforeo^, of the firming the said Toll, or Duty, ;to the said City of

/City of Londoji, who are, within certain Limits, Eon- London, so such Manner as to the House may seem

senators of the River Thames , and Waters of Med-

may, as also Owners and Proprietors of the Port of London, have, from Time jmmuroprial, hjeen, with the Exceptions herein mentfoned, entitled to, and have, by themselves, foeir lessees, or Officers appointed for that Purpose, acfoalty received from ,all Persons, not being free of the said City, a certain prescriptive Toll, or Dwty, of a Farthing a Quarter for every Quarter of Corn by them imported, or

brought by Viator, into the said Port of London,

Eastward of Londoti Bridie (except from /the Cinque Porfs, or foe County of ]Keni) and foe pity of London appoint a Collector, at the Custom House, to receive foe said TqII, or Duty, for their Use, and pay the same into foe Chamber of foe said City; and that foe said Duty, when collected, has been always returned Jo such of the Proprietors of Com a? were preemen of London,pr to their Factors pp foeir Behalf, upon

foeir producing a Nofo for font Purpose; apd that several Frqetpun of* Ififidotf, who were mere Factors

meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration tof a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &e.: And 'they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of foe Clock, in foe Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send fur Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that One of the Sheriff Thamfsand of the City of London attended at the Door; he isisNavig* was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the "0D* House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of foe City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And foen be withdrew.

And foe said Petition was read; Setting forth,

and Consignees of C.orn? have, for a great Length of That foe Petitioners have been informed that a Peti Time, availed so.eijnselyes of that Custom, to obtain a fom of the Commissioners for putting in Execution

Return of foe Duty, as well for Cpjm which confessedly belonged to Non-freemen, and was only consigned to thepi as Fpptprs, and therefore, in Truth, subject to the Duty, as for Cprp which was bond side foe absolute Property of Freemen, and for which they were entitled to an Exemption from the Payment of the said Duty, and by fob M^ps .0 Custom has crept in tp return fop' f)uty indiscriminately to all Such Factors or Consignees of Corn ps were kreemen, without any Attention being paid to fop actual and real Property in the Com sfi consigned; and that fob Custpip had prevailed for sp great CeUgfo 9f Tifofi, that upon the Trial of certain Actfons that have been

an Act, made in foe Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing fop Navigation of foe Rivers Thames and from the City of London to the Town of m

the County of Wilts, b intended to be presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to extend end enlarge foe Powers and Authorities of the said Commissioners, aa also of the Mayor, and Commonalty, apd Citizens, of the City of London, who have foe Care and Management of the River Thames Westward of London Bridge, to Staines, and to apply the AmPUPt of foe Duty of Three Shillings per Chaldron on Coals, as shall arise and become payable Westward

brought and prosecuted by seyefal Cornfactors who of for foe Purpose of amending, improving,

wereS Freemen, to recover back such Duties to their completing, and maintaining the said Navigation, own Emolument, fop fourty of Law forte not though* and for dbcharging the Debts and Tolls thereon; foemfolvps at Liberty tp *lpci4e against fop fame; in and foat an Act was made in foe Seventeenth Year consequence of which, foV indisprjmfoate Claims of of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the said Factors have been so for established as to the Petitioners to purchase the then exbting Tolls leave no Hopps of Rpfoes§ by Wy Mode of legal and Duties, payable for navigating upon the said Proceeding: and that sufo Custom by pp Means River Westward of London Bridge, within the Liber-tends to preserve foe Navigation, tp maintain foe ties of fop City, and for laying a small Toll in lieu Port of'London, or to bei*# foe Consignors of Corn, thereof, for foe Purpose of more effectually com-who fire the i^eal Impmfot5 thprppf, by relieving them pleting foe said Navigation, and for other Purposes: from the said Duty, it befog always charged tp foem and that, notwithstanding a very large Sum of Money by the Cofofapfors, and foereforp,. so Truth, so a ^th been expended by foe Petitioners out of their Cfoifo, of foe Part of foe Free Fafoprs, as Consignees, own Revenues, exclusive of the Money borrowed to receive foe Duty to their own Use, and not merely upon the Security of the Tolls made payable by the to be exempted from the Payment of a Duty to said Act, yet a further Sum is necessary for the Per-which all Non-freemen are lfobfo, which latter was fonnance of other Works, in order to improve and the Ground they firs* endeavoured tp. maintain, hut complete the said Navigation to Staines, and to keep which they were obliged to relinquish, as it would the same in Repair; and, the Petitioners submit, in have amounted to an Exemption of the Corn of Non- case the House shall grant the Drawback petitioned freemen, in direct Opposition to the Terms of the for by the said Commissioners, it will be thought just Custom; and that the Consideration, for which the and equitable, that a certain Part or Proportion Duty was originally granted to the City of London, thereof should be allowed to the Petitioners, for the

Redemption

25 Geo. III. *j* martiu #63

Ttedefmption’ bf‘the Tolls triafcte 'priykbleby'tfte said last mentioned Arit, end to eriablritfterii to cbtnpl&te the 6riid Navigation to Staines; aridthit, if these l^fpbses wete ‘attained, the Navigation of the said 'River would, as the Petitioners apprehend, riot Only be very considerably improved,1 but also rendered quite free and unincumbered ‘from the Tolls arid duties riOto payable: Arid therefore praying the House to1 take*theIPi^nii^es into Consideration, and grant such Relief therein ris to‘the House rihall 'seem meet.

Ordered, That the said'Petition ldo Tie Upon the Table.

irgh's }Earl of Newburgh, Vfecourit TCtrinaird, Baron Levingstdn 5. of Flticraig, in the Kingdotn of 'Scotland, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Ekdiequrir, by His Majesty's Commarid, acquainted the Hbtise, That His Majesty, "having been infofrriefl of the Contents of the skid Petition, recommends dt to the1 Consideration of the House.

Then the skid Petition Was ‘brought up, and read; Setting forth, That In or about ‘the Year 1716, the late Charles Hadcli'ffe, Esqriire, the Petitioners "Father, although then brily in the Nineteenth Year of his Age, Was attainted df Hiojh Treason; and that, by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fir^t, all the Mririots, Lands, and Hereditaments, whereunto any such Attainted Persons were then, or afterwards, 'entitled, were forfeited to, and Were thereby vested in, his then Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the Public, according to the several Estates and Interests Which such attainted Persons had therein respectively, and where they were seized of an Estate in Tail in Possession, the same, it was thereby exacted, Should be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and SucfceSsbifs, in Fee Simple; and that the Petitioner's Father, after his Attainder, became seised, m Tail Male, tn Possession, of certain Lands and Hereditaments, comprised in a Settlement made in the Year 1691, which therefore became vested in his Majesty in Fee Simple, by virtue of the aforesaid Act; and that the Petitioner’s Father also, after his Attainder, became Tenant, for Life, of certain other Lands and Hereditaments, comprized in a Settlement made in the Year 1712. with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male; and that the Petitioner was born in France. in the Year 1725, of the said Charted Radcliffe, ana the Right honourable Charlotte Countess of Newburgh, his Wife, and the Petitioner confides, that the Forfeiture in Fee Simple of the most lucrative Part of the Derwentwater Estates, and the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the remaining Part of the said Estates, by the Public, for upwards of Fifty Years, will have fully atoned for the Crime of his attainted Ancestor; and that, although the Petitioner, by the Forfeiture of his attainted Ancestors, has suffered the loss of an aricient English Earldom, and of the greatest Parts df his Family Estates, yet is he kept out of the remaining Part of them, not on account of their having been forfeited by the Attainder of his Ancestors, but because the Petitioner has hitherto been presumed an Alien, for, after the Attainder of the Petitioner’s Uncle, the late Eatl of t>er-wentveater, his Son, Mr. John Radcliffe, claimed, arid actually enjoyed, for near Seventeen Years, the Estates in Question, as Tenant in Tail Male, under the very same Settlement of 1712, and there is no other Objection, than the Presumption of Alienage, against the Petitioner’s enjoying this very Estate, for, by one and the same Settlement, each Father had a Life Estate, which he forfeited by his Attainder, and each Son, after his Father’s Death, had the same Estate entailed upon him precisely in the same Mariner; and that the Petitioner, in the Year 1749, after the Death Vol. 40.

6f his Father, 'from a Confidence that parliament Wbuld riot have presumed hirp to be an Alien, if he Were not such by Law; out of Respect and Deference to she Legislature, and from a total Ignorance of the Law, as well' as from an absolute Inability to(bear the ‘Expences of litigating the (Question, accepted of the 'Sum of £. 24,000 (as the Act expresses it) as a Re-Tief’fdr his Support; and that the Petitioner, under 1 the implicit Copviction of his being an, Alien, and consequently of his Incapacity to take an Estate Ta*j» under the Settlement of 1712, is recited, in,an Act of Parliament, parsed in the Twenty-second Year of King have consented, th^t all

'the Rights Title, and Interest, which he, or his Issue Male, had, or could have, to the Estates corapijzed in the said Settlement of 1712, should be extinguished; arid -th^t, by the established Law of this Country, ah Estate Tail cannot be barred or defeated, as against lthe Issue in Tail, but by a Common Recovery, or a Fine, or an Act of Parliament, expressly dispensing With these necessary Forms of Law, and it is gleaj* the Legislature did not rhean to defeat the Estate Tail of the Petitioner, since they did not make ai^y Mention of this Estate Tail throughout the Act, but divested the Fee Simple out of his Majesty, which, in the Supposition of the Petitioner’s t being no Alien, was riot yet come into Possession; and that, by the said Act, the petitioner is to remain, in 'respect to his "Claim, to be deemed to bq a natural-born Subject, in the same Condition as he would have been, in case the Act had not been made; and that the Petitioner confides, that he is not precluded from claiming to be a Subject of this Country in Law^ as he is in Heart and Desire, and that, although the Petitioner, as the Son of an attainted Father, born Abroad, seems, by the Fourth of King George the Second; to be precluded from claiming the Benefit of the Act of the Seventh of Queen Anne; by which latter Act the Children of all natural-born Subjects, born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance, are declared to be natural-born Subjects to all Intents and Purposes, yet, by the said Act of the Fourth of king George the Second, the Petitioner is expressly declared, in respect of his being an Alien, to be and remain in the same Condition as he would have been in case the said Seventh of Queen Anne, and the Fourth of King George the Second, had not been made; and that the Petitioner is advised, that, before either of these Acts had passed, he was, by the Common Law and Statute Law of this Realm, a natural-born Subject, yet, in as much as Parliament, in the First Instance, undertook the Consideration of the Petitioner’s Case^ though they expressly avoided deciding upon it, the Petitioner thinks it a proper Submission and Deference to the Legislature rather to submit his Pretensions to the Justice and Equity of Parliament, than to enter into a strict legal Disquisition of his Right, against the seeming Presumption Of the Legislature; and that, by the said Act of the < Twenty-second of King George the Second, his theh Majesty consented that the Parliament should make any Disposition rind Settlement they should think fit of the Interest his Majesty then had, or might have, in the Premises, for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and by the same Act, such Estate was divested out of his Majesty, and was vested in the Governors of the said Hospital; and that no Estate or Interest whatsoever in the Premises comprised in the said Settlement of 1712 was vested in his then Majesty, if the Petitioner was by Law a natural-born Subject, and therefore the Estate Tail, which, in that Supposition, was vested in the . Petitioner, was neither divested out of him by that Act, or barred as against his Issue Male, and that, if Parliament have so recently restored the forfeited Estates of several loyal Descendants of attainted Ancestors, the Petitioner confidently relies, that the same gracious Bounty and

Mercy

Earl of

Newburgh's

Estates.

604 70 MartU, 1785.

Mercy will not be shut against the loyal Descendant of an Ancestor who was attainted in the Nineteenth Year of his Age, and who had not, like the Ancestors of those whose Estates have been lately restored, experienced, for upwards of Thirty Years, the mild and happy Government of His present Majesty’s Royal Family; and that the Petitioner might well hope, that an Application on his Behalf, for a Restoration of all the Estates which were forfeited by his attainted Ancestor, would be attended to upon the same Principles which lately actuated the Liberality of the Legislature towards the like Sufferers for the same Cause, yet, in Consideration of the very useful and charitable Appropriation of the forfeited Estate of his attainted Ancestor, the Petitioner forbears to apply for the Restoration of any Part of those Estates of Vrhich his Father was seised in Tail Male in Possession, and which tvere forfeited to the Crown in Fee Simple, in the same Manner as those Estates which have lately been restored; and that the Petitioner begs Leave to suggest, that the forfeited Estates which have been lately restored were, by the Twenty-fifth of King George the Second, as effectually vested in the Crown, for the Use of the Public, as the Derwentrvater forfeited Estates were, by the Twenty-second of King George the Second, vested in the Governors of Greemoich Hospital, for the Service of the Public; and that the Petitioner is confidently assured, that an Application for his Estate Tail, in the remaining Part of his Family Estates, which the Forfeiture never has reached, will be consonant to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, and Mercy of the House; and the Petitioner forbears to urge any personal Claims upon the Bounty and Mercy of the House, as in the late Restoration of the Scotch forfeited Estates the Principle of Liberality and Mercy w>as so general, that the Person is still unknown and uncertain to whom the Estate of Perth is restored; and that although the Petitioner should be deemed an Alien, yet he confidently hopes, that as Parliament has heretofore granted Estates to a considerable Amount, w'hich had escheated to the Crown, by Reason of Alienage, even to the illegitimate Issue of a foreigri Woman, they will not reject the Application of the legitimate Issue of a British Peeress for a similar Favour, and if the Estates which were vested in the Petitioner’s Father, in Tail, and were forfeited to the Crown, in Fee Simple, should continue appropriated to the Support of Greemvich Hospital\ yet will the Petitioner even then be punished with infinitely more Rigour and Severity than any other Person whomsoever for the Crime committed by his Father, at the inconsiderate Age of Nineteen Years, and under Circumstances of much less Criminality than attended the Treason for which those Estates were forfeited that have been lately restored; and that the Petitioner, in case he shall be admitted as Tenant in Tail of the Premisses in Question, will restore the Bounty which Parliament gave him for his Support at a Time when they presumed him incapable of taking such an Estate, with as much Readiness as he then received it with Gratitude; and that, to complete the grievous Hardship of the Petitioner’s Case, his Claim has never been agitated before a Court of Justice, nor the Grounds of his Pretensions to be a natural-born Subject by Common Law, or by the Statute de natis ultra mare, have ever been submitted to the Consideration of the Legislature, who seem nevertheless to have left the Question open to future Discussion, by their having constantly expressed, in every Act that concerned the Petitioner, that in that Respect he should remain in the same Condition as he would have been, in case such Act had not been made; and that although the Petitioner should not be found to be a natural-born Subject of this Country by the Common Law, or by the Statute de natis ultra marc, yet he begs Leare to submit to Parliament that this Right would evidently

have accrued to - him under the plain Words of the Seventh of Queen Anne, by which the Children of all natural-born Subjects, born out of His Majesty’s Allegiance, are declared to be natural-born Subjects to all Intents and Purposes, if it had not been enacted by the Fourth of King George the Second, that nothing in the said Act of Queen Anne did oc should extend to give the Rights of a natural-born Subject to any fcf

Child born out of his Majesty’s Allegiance, whose ®

Father was attainted of High Treason at the Time of his Birth; and that the Petitioner was born near Six Years before the Fourth of King George the Second was passed, and his Mother, the Countess of Newburgh, in resolving to be delivered of t}er eldest Child in a Foreign Country, relied upon the Faith of the Law, as it then stood; and, the Petitioner has been constantly informed, that his said Mother was confirmed in this Confidence: by the Opinions of His then Majesty’s Attorney General, and other eminent Counsel, who were unanimous in, their Opinions, as the Law then w'as, that, as,to the inheritable Capacity of her Child, it mattered not where the Child was born, provided the Father and Mother were English, and such the Petitioner’s Father and Mother certainly were, otherw ise it would have been very easy for her to have been delivered of the Petitioner in England, in which Case his Right to the Estates comprized in the Settlement of 1712 would have been equally clear with that of the said John Radcliffe, his Cousin German, who actually enjoyed, after the Attainder of his Father, that Estate under the same Settlement, as that upon which the Title of the Petitioner is now founded; and that if the Petitioner should be deemed an Alien, and consequently incapacitated to take an Estate of Inheritance in this Country, under and by virtue of the Fourth of King George the Second, then will he be the First Instance of a Subject of a free Government being deprived by an ex post facto penal !f|

Law, of a Right which attached and was vested in him for the First Six Years of his Life, which Right, without any Day given him to appear in, he will be thus made to forfeit, in the Age. of Innocence, when he was incapable of committing Offence, and in his Absence, when no Friend coukl be applied to to interpose in his Behalf; and that if a Circumstance, expressly warranted by a Statute in Force, may at a future Day be declared to be the immediate Cause of depriving a Subject of his Birthright and Inheritance, this will directly go to establish an unprecedented System of Tyranny and arbitrary Power, against which no human Prudence can protect, no Submission or Obedience to the Laws and Constitution of his Country can defend the Subject: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting to the Petitioner' such Redress and Relief as in their Humanity, Mercy, and Justice, the singular and unprecedented Hardships of his Case shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Reverend Charles Smith, in his Sidlesbn own Right Lord of the Manor of Sidlesham, in the Inclom County of Sussex, and others whose Names are there-unto subscribed, having Interest in the Premises, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there is, within the said Manor, and in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the said County, a large Waste or Common, called Sidlesham Common, containing, by Estimation, 400 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present State, is of little Value, and incapable of Im-

provement, and the Petitioners are desirous that the it

same may be divided and inclosed, to the End that it may be rendered more beneficial to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes

aforesaid,

A

Import

Duties.

Prohibited

imports.

Mercers

Company.

Jerth Roads,

rorks of 'efeisce at nek Yards.

25 Geo. III. 7 0 Marth. 05

aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. White Thomas, and Lord George Henry Lennox, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Powell, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Duties on all Goods imported, for the Year ending at Michaelmas last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at this Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A List of Goods prohibited to be imported into, or exported from, Great Britain; distinguished in separate and alphabetical Statements.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said List be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Cawne, Clerk of the Coinpahy of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers <c of the City of London, from the 10th of October " 17S3 to the 10th of October 1784, directed to be laid before each House of Parliament by Two " Acts, One of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the w Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mer-c cers of the City of London; and the other of the c Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty cc King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the iC Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the u City of London

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and' Ferries, in the County of Perth, was, according to Order, read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Murray, Sir Adam Fergus,son, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expences incurred by the Officfe of Ordnance in building and repairing Works for the Defence of Plymouth, Portsmouth, Gosport, Chatham, Vol. 40;

Dover, and other Cinque Ports, Sheerness, Landguard Forf1 North Yarmouth, Gravesend, and Tilbury, Newcastle, Clifford's Fort, Tinmouth, and Sunderland, Liverpool, Chester pastle, and North Britain, from the 1st of January 1771 to the 31st of December 1.784.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order,. reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he jread in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s.Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resold, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Seventy-five thousand Three hundred and Seven Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, f.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards* the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mf. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report Such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Tirhe, were, upoti the Question severally pitt thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the jsaid Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

7 P upon

Supply.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Fees, Slc. of Public Offices.

Mutiny and Desertion.

Leave of Absence.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Bridge over

Menai

fctreighte.

606 7° — 8° Martii. 1785.

uport the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Bearcroft have Leave to go the Oxford Circuit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 8* die Martii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIP* Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, and Traders, of the County of Carnai'von: And also,

A Petition of the* Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, and Traders of the County of Cardigan;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Bridge over an Arm of the Sea, between the Counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon, called The Streights of Menai, at a Place, near Porthaethwy Ferry, called Ynysgcint; and Alledging, That the free Navigation of The Streights of Menai is an Object of public Importance, the said Streights being navigable throughout for Vessels of very large Burthen, and frequently Annually by several Thousand Sail of Vessels, loaded with different and valuable Merchandize, and the making a Bridge, as aforesaid, will very materially injure the Navigation of The Streights of Menaiy and thereby be detrimental to the Trade and Commerce,' Maritime Strength and Revenue, of this Nation, and to the Interests of die Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the Bill for making a Bridge as aforesaid.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Chester, in Common Council assembled, wa9 also presented to the House, and read; Tailing Notice of the Application mentioned in the preceding Petitions; and Setting forth, That the free

Navigation of The Streights of Menai is an Object of public Importance, the said Streights being navigable throughout for Vessels of Very large Burthen, frequented by some Thousand Sail in the Year, and in particular by many Vessels which, on certain Winds, have a secure and speedy Passage there, when they could not otherwise proceed to their Destinations; and Alledging, That the making the said Bridge will very materially injure, if not totally ruin, the Navigation of the said Streights, and thereby be detrimental to the Trade and Commerce, Maritime Strength and Revenue, of this Nation, and to the Interests of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making the said Bridge may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty Coventry of the City of Coventry, and of the several Persons Poll Booth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of *c* Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, it is enacted, that the Returning Officer or Officers should, at all future Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, cause the Booth for holding such Election to be erected in the widest and most convenient Part of the open Market Place, called Cross Cheaping, not contiguous to any other Building; and that the Sheriffs of the said City were, at the last Election, put to great Expence in erecting the Election Booth, a Moiety whereof was repaid them by the successful Candidates, but the other Moiety hath not hitherto been reimbursed, although the Payment thereof has been frequently demanded; therefore, to prevent the like Injustice in future, the Petitioners conceive it to be expedient, that there should be a law declaring at whose Expence the Election Booth should be erected; and, it is apprehended that it would tend much to prevent Riots, and to preserve the Peace, at all future Elections of Members for the said City, if the Returning Officer or Officers were obliged to take the Poll by Taffies, agreeable to the Plan adopted at the last General Election: And therefore praying That Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for declaring that the Booth for holding future Elections for Members of Parliament for the said City, shall be erected at the joint and equal Expence of all the Candidates, and also for obliging the Returning Officer or Officers at such Elections to take the Poll by Tallies, or for giving such further or other Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as ft shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilmoty Sir Sampson Gideon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Coventry Canal Navigation, was presented to the CttUal* House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present 11 Majesty,

Googh

25 Geo. III.

8° Martii.

607

Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal then making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, and the Petitioners were thereby enabled to raise, amongst themselves, the Sum of £. 50,000, for-carrying the said Work into Execution, and, if that Sum should not prove sufficient, they were authorized to raise a further Sum of £. 30,000, in the Manner therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners did accordingly raise the said Sum of £. 50,000, the Whole of which hath been expended in carrying on the said Work, and the said Canal hath long since been completed from Coventry to Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, being about Sixteen Miles and Three Quarters, but the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act have been found insufficient to enable the Petitioners to raise any further Sum of Money towards proceeding with the said Canal, and therefore the Remainder thereof, from Atherstone to Fradley Heath, being about Twenty Miles, remains still unexecuted; and that at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the Petitioners, and the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, and the said Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, called The Grand Trunk Canal Navigation, and from certain Subscribers to a tiew proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal in the Neighbourhood of Fazeley, it was proposed and agreed by such Delegates, on the Part of their respective Companies Or Constituents, that, in order to effect a general Communication between the Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Tmnk Canals, the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, and the Town of Birmingham, it would be necessary that the Coventry Canal should be completed between Atherstone and Fradley Heath, that the Oxford Canal should be completed from Oxford to Banbury, and that the Subscribers to the said new-proposed Navigation should execute a Canal from the said Collieries to Birmingham and Fazeley, and that the Petitioners should relinquish to the Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Canal, and to the Subscribers to such proposed Navigation, that Branch of the said Coventry Canal lying between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, and that the same should be executed by them at their joint Expence, in such Manner, and upon the Terms and Conditions mentioned in the said Agreement; and, that when the said Canal between Fazeley and Fradley Heath should be com-

?leted it should be equally divided between, and each 'art considered as the several and distinct Property of, the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Canal, and the said Subscribers, and be supported accordingly; and it was further understood and agreed, That the Tonnage to be taken for all Coals navigated from Birmingham throughout the intended Canal to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile, but, it was thereby also understood that the Subscribers to the said intended Canal were not to be restrained from taking any additional Tonnage for all Coals passing from the said Collieries, ana discharged at Birmingham, or any Distance upon the said intended Canal short of Fazeley; and that by a Clause in an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Na-» vigable Canal from Riders Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broad Water Fire Engine, and- Six Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines, and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tanworth, in the said Vol. 40f

County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Coventry Part of the said Town of Birmingham, it is set forth, Canal, that the Canals and Collateral Cuts thereby authorized to be made had been substituted in the Stead of the said proposed Canal, from the Collieries at Wednesbury to Bii'tningham, and from thence to Fazeley aforesaid, and that the Company of Proprietors, incorporated by the said Act, had agreed to ratify and confirm the Agreement so entered into at Coleshill, on the Behalf of the said Subscribers as aforesaid, with respect to the Execution of that Part of the said Coventry Canal which lies between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, and it is thereby enacted, that the said Agreement so entered into by the said Subscribers, and the several Matters and Things therein specified apd contained to be done, by and on their Parts, should be binding and conclusive on the Company of Proprietors incorporated by the said last mentioned Act, as fully and effectually as if they had been Parties thereto; and that by certain Articles of Agreement, made the 29th Day of October 1783, between the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, the Petitioners, and the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, the before-mentioned Agreement, entered into at Coleshill, was on their Parts ratified and confirmed; and that, by certain other Articles ,of Agreement, made the said 29th Day of October, between the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Petitioners, the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey did covenant and agree with the Petitioners, that when such Part of the said Canal between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, as was intended to be vested in and executed by that Company as aforesaid, should be completed, the Petitioners should, within a limited Time, be at Liberty to purchase that Part of the Said Canal, at the Price or Sum of Money which should have been expended in, and relating to, the Execution and Completion thereof, with Interest for the same, from the Time of expending and advancing such Money; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to carry on and complete the said Canal, from Atherstone to Fazeley, and also to support and maintain the Canal already made by them from Coventry to Atherstone as aforesaid, it is necessary that several Alterations and Amendments should be made to the said Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, and that some further Powers and Provisions should be given to them for those Purposes; and that the carrying the said several Agreements into Execution, and effecting the other Purposes before mentioned, will be of considerable Benefit to the Petitioners, and of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ratifying and confirming the several Agreements before mentioned, and for carrying the same into Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof respectively, and fox enabling the Petitioners to carry on and complete the said Canal from Atherstone to Fazeley, and for redeeming or purchasing such Part of the said Canal between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, as shall be vested in, and made, and completed by the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, in case the Petitioners shall think proper to redeem or purchase the same; and also for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the said Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they ck> examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Sampson Gideon, Mr. Wilmot,

&c.:

toridgemans

Name.

608 8° Mar Hi. ' 1785.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, ham,with their and every of their Rights, Royalties,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; Members, and Appurtenances, the said Testator did and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and give, devise, and limit unto the said John Date nay, Records. Lord Viscount Forster, and John

D their Heirs and Assigns, all that his the said A Petition of John Simpson, (lately called John Testator’s Reversion and Inheritance, . Right, Title, Bridgeman) Esquire, was presented to the Mouse, and Estate, and Interest, of and in the said Manors, Ad-read"; Setting forth, That William Simpson, hereto- vowson, Rectory, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Rents, fore of Stamforth, in the County of York, Esquire, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, last men-deceased, in and by his last Will and Testament, tioned and expressed to be belonging to the Testabearing Date the Sixth Day of March, in the Year for, in Reversion as aforesaid, with their and every of our'Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty- of their Appurtenances, and also all that his the said six, gave and devised unto the Right honourable Testator’s Messuage, Farms, Lands, and Heredita-John Dawnay, Lord Viscount Dozcne in the King- ments, situate and being in Hay ton otherwise Heaton

dom of Ireland, Edward Forster, of Thorne, in the aforesaid, some Time since by the said Testator pur-said County of York, Esquire, and John Dowson, of chased of and from Mr. Burden, with the Appurte-Tliorne aforesaid, Gentleman, their Heirs and Assigns, nances (subject and charged as the same were charged all those his the Testator’s Manors or Lordships of respectively by Settlement made previous to his the Full Sutton, in the County of York, and his Advow- Testator’s Marriage with Frances his late Wife, and son and Right of Patronage of the Rectory of Full by Settlement made previous to his Marriage with Sutton aforesaid, and all and every his the said Testator’s Elizabeth his then Wife) to hold the same unto the Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Farms, Lands, said Lord Viscount Dozvne, Edward Forster, and Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Moieties, and Denison, - and their Heirs, in Trust for all and every Parts and Shares of Messuages, Farms, Lands, Te- the Daughter and Daughters of the said Testator, neinents, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being lawfully begotten or to be begotten, as well born in in Stain forth and Full Sutton aforesaid, and in Hat- his Life-Time as which the said Elizabeth his Wife field, Thorne, Fishlakc, Sylcehouse, Bramwith, Woodhouse, should be ensient with at the Time of his Decease, Smidall, Doncaster, Balby, Noblethorpe, Silkston, Emley, and afterwards delivered of, to be equally divided Woodall, Dartfield, and Wombwell, in the County of between or among them, if more than One, as Te-York, aforesaid, and also all and every his Messuages, nants in Common in Tail, with Cross Remainders in Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situ- Favour and for the Benefit of the Survivors and Sur-atc, lying, or being within the Townships or Parishes vivor of them, in Tail, with Remainder in Trust for of Crmcle, Belton, Epzcorth, Ha.rey, and Wroot, in the such Person and Persons, and for such Estate and County of Lincoln, and of Blakeston, Missen, and Estates, Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to Firmingly,in the County of Nottingham, and also all such Limitations and Restrictions, as are therein and other his the said Testator’s Farms, Lands, Tene- herein after in Part mentioned and expressed of and jnents, and Hereditaments, -and Moieties, and Parts concerning the same; and as to the Residue and Re-and Shares of Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, mainder of all and every his the Testator’s Manors, and Hereditaments whatsoever, in the said Counties Lordships, Advowsons, Rectories, Messuages, Farms, of York and Lincoln, or either of them, with their Lands, Rents, Tythes, Tenements, and Heredita-and every of their Appurtenances, to hold the same ments, and Moieties, and Parts and Shares of Manors, unto and to the Use of the said Lord Viscount Messuages, Farms, Lands, Rents, Tythes, Tenements, Dozcne, Edzcard Forster, and John Dczcson, and their and Hereditaments whatsoever before mentioned, to Heirs, for ever, in Default of Issue of his the Testa- be situate, lying, being, or arising within the said for’s own Body, and after the several Deceases of his Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham; and ail Brothers John Simpson and Lindley Simpson, without other his the Testator’s Real Estates whatsoever, leaving Issue Male of their or either of their Bodies situate, lying, or being in the Counties aforesaid, or (which several Events have happened, the said Tes- any of them (subject and chargeable as therein men-tator having since died, without leaving any Issue of tioned) and as the Uses and Estates thereof respec-his Body, and the said John Simpson and Lindley tively limited should respectively end and determine, Simpson having also respectively died without leaving the same were declared to be in Trust for Orlando any Issue Male of their or either of their Bodies,) Bridgeman, then the Second and now the eldest sur-upon the Trusts, and under and, subject to the Powers, viving Son and Heir Male of the Body of Sir Provisoes, and Limitations therein, and in Part here- Bridgeman, Baronet, by his the Testator’s Niece, Dame inaftet expressed, concerning the same Hereditaments Elizabeth his Wife, for his Life, without Impeach-and Premisses; and reciting, that the said Testator ment of Waste, he the said Orlando Bridgeman tak-being seised' of, interested in, or entitled unto the ing upon himself and using the Surname of Simpson Reversion and Inheritance, in Fee Simple, expectant only, with Remainder to the said Trustees, and their on his the Testator’s Decease, and the Deceases of Heirs, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, the said John Simpson and Lindley Simpson, and in Remainder in Trust for the First, and all and every Failure of Issue Male of the Bodies of the said Tes- other the Son and Sons of the Body of the said -tator, and the said John Simpson and Lindley Simpson lando Bridgeman, successively, in Tail Male, with Re-respectively, of and in all those the Manors of Bab- mainder in Trust for the Petitioner, by his then Name worth and Tilne, in the County of Nottingham afore- and Description of John Bridgeman, the Third' Son of said, and of and in a Moiety of the Manor of Ord- the said Sir Henry Bridgeman, by the said Testator’s sail, in the same County, and of and in the Advow- Niece, his Wife, for his Life, without Impeachment son and Right of Patronage of the Rectory of the of Waste, he the Petitioner taking upon himself and Parish Church of Babworth aforesaid, and of and in using the Surname of Simpson only, with Remainder divers Messuages; Farms, Lands, Rents, Tythes. Tene- to the said Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust to ments, and Hereditaments, and Moieties, and Parts preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder in and Shares of Messuages, Farms, Lands, Rents, Tythes, Trust for the First and all and every other the Son Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, being, and Sons of the Body of the Petitioner successively, growing, of arising in Babworth, Tilne, and Ordsall in Tail Male, with Remainder in Trust for George aforesaid, and in Hayton otherwise Heaton, Sturton, Bridgeman, Fourth Son of the said Sir Henry Clarebrough, Egmonton, Eaton, Thrumpton, East Ret- man, by the said Testator’s. Niece his Wife, for his ‘ ford, and Misterton, in the said County of Notting- Life, without Impeachment of Waste,' he the said ‘ George

25 Geo. III. 8° MartiL 6oc)

George Bridgeman taking Upon himself and using the Surname of Simpson only, with Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder in Trust for the First, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of the said George Bridgeman, successively, in Tail Male, with Remainder in Trust for the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of the said Sir Hairy Bridgeman, by the said Testator’s Niece, his Wife (other than and except such Son as should be Heir Male of the Body of the said Sir Henry Bridgeman by the said Testator’s Niece, his Wife, for the Time being) successively in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; in which said Will is contained a Proviso, that if the said Orlando Bridgeman, John Bridgeman, and George Bridgeman, or any of them, or any of the Sons of them or any of them, or any other of the younger Sons of the said Sir Henry Bridgeman, by the said Testator’s Niece, his Wife, to whom the said Estates are limited for Life as aforesaid, or any Issue of their respective Bodies, should happen to be or become Heir Male of the Body of the said Sir Henry Bridgeman by the said Testator’s Niece, his Wife, then and in such Case the Use and Estate thereby limited unto or for the Benefit of such younger Son and Sons, and the Issue of his and their respective Body and Bodies, should cease and determine, and in such Case the Person and Persons who, by virtue of the Limitations thereinbefore contained, ought to - take next in Remainder, expectant upon the Death of such Person and Persons so becoming Heir Male as aforesaid, respectively, should enter and enjoy the said Estate and Estates, in as beneficial and extensive Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Person or Persons so becoming Heir Male as aforesaid for the Time being were naturally dead without Issue Male, and then the said Trustees and their Heirs should, in every such Case so happening stand seised of the said Estates, in Trust for such Person or Persons so next in Remainder as aforesaid, and the Heirs Male of his and their Body and Bodies respectively: And it is thereby also provided, that the said Orlando Bridgeman, and his Issue Male in Succession, and every other Person and Persons, who for the Time being should take any Estate in the said Hereditaments and Premisses, by virtue of any Limitation in the said Will contained, when and as the Limitations before mentioned should take place, should assume and take, use, write, and call him and themselves by the Surname of Simpson only; and in case such Person and Persons, coming to enjoy the said thereby devised Hereditaments and Premisses, under or according to any the Limitation or Limitations thereof aforesaid, should neglect or refuse to take upon him or them the Surname of Simpson only, and be called, and write him and themselves by that Name, and no other, that such Person or Persons so refusing, or neglecting should be absolutely debarred from enjoying or inheriting any Estate in the said Premisses, -under or by virtue of any of the Limitations aforesaid, and the same in such Case should descend and go to the next in Course of Succession, according to the Limitations aforesaid, so taking upon himself and using the Surname of Simpson only, as aforesaid; and that Henry Simpson Bridgeman, Esquire, the Petitioner’s late Brother, and who whilst living was the eldest Son, and Heir Male of the Body of the said Sir Henry Bridgeman, by the said Dame Elizabeth his Wife, died some Time since, in the Life-Time of the said Lind-ley Simpson, without Issue Male, and unmarried, in which Event the said Orlando Bridgeman, who, in the said Testator’s Will, is described to be the Second Son of the said Sir Henry Bridgeman by the said Dame Elizabeth his Wife, is become Heir Male of the Body of the said Sir Henry Bridgeman by* the said Dame Vol. 40.

Elizabeth his Wife, and the Use and Estate by the said Will limited unto or for the Benefit of him the said Orlando Bridgeman is determined in Favour of the Petitioner, who is, under and by virtue of the said Will, become seised of or entitled to the said Hereditaments and Premisses for his Life, with such Remainders as aforesaid; and that the said Lindley Simpson, who survived the said John Simpson, is lately dead, without leaving Issue‘Male as aforesaid, and the Petitioner (who thereupon and in the Event of the Death of the said Henry Simpson Bridgeman, by virtue of the said Will of the said Testator William Simpson, became seised of or entitled to the said devised Estates in Possession for his Life as aforesaid) did immediately after the Death of the said . Lindley Simpson assume, take, and usq, and hath ever since continued to use the Surname of Simpson; and that the Petitioner is desirous that he the said John Simpson, the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, may be impowered, by Authority of an Act of Parliament, to use the Surname of Simpson, agreeably to the Directions in the Will of the said William Simpson, and also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Simpson: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Simpson, and also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Simpson, in such Manner, and subject to and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.* v —

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Holdmorth and Mr. Hopkins do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Pe- Ayr Bridge, tition of the Freeholders, of the County of Ayr, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Bridge across the River Ayr, at the Burgh of Ayr, is of great Utility and public Convenience, but, from the Length of Time since it was built, it is now become dangerous and insufficient, and was, at all Times, too narrow' to permit Carriages to pass easily, and the Access at each End is steep and inconvenient; and that it is become necessary to take down the said Bridge, and to re-build it, either, in the same Place, or at some other convenient Situation near thereto, with proper Abutments, Walls, Wings, and other Works, for the Support and Preservation thereof, and to widen the Streets, Passages, and Communications there, and to the Quays, or Loading Places, at tha Harbour of Ayr, on both Sides of the River, and to levy such Toils, or Pontage, for passing the said Bridge, for the Purpose of making and maintaining thereof, and the other Works aforesaid, as may appear reasonable and necessary: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is refereed to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Sir Adam Fergusson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. 1

A Petition of Barnard Levi, a Protestant, now re- Leri's Nat. siding in the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read;

Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And

7 Q thai

6io 8° Martii. A. 1785.

that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Bustard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Glasgow A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others,

Theatre. residing in, or frequently resorting to, the City of Glasgow, was'presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is making to the House, for a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the City of Glasgow; and Alledging, that a Theatre, under proper Regulations, would afford a rational and pleasing Entertainment to the Petitioners, and the Inhabitants of Glasgow in general, and they conceive would be advantageous to the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for licensing a Theatre in the said City of Glasgow.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Adam Fergusson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Christ- A Petition of the Churchwardens, Vestry, and In-

church, habitants of the Parish of Christchurch, otherwise The

Bristol. //^ Trinity, in the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Church belonging to the said Parish is very much out of Re-r pair, in a ruinous Condition, and situated at the Corner of One of the principal Streets of the said City, by which, and by Means of some Houses and Tenements adjoining and near to the said Church, the Passage is rendered narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous; and that the taking down of the said Church, and the said Houses and Tenements, and the re-building of the said Church, nearly on the present Scite thereof, but so as to widen the Streets adjoining, would be of great Advantage both to the Parishioners and the Public, by enlarging a Passage in the Center of the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the said Church, and Houses, and Tenements, and for re-building the said Church, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Paisley Two A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council,

Pennies and other Burgesses, of Paisley, in the County of

Seou. Renfrew, in North Britain, was presented to the

House, and read; Reciting an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies " Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on " every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be " brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold " within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof^ " in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes and Setting forth, That the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted, and the before-recited Act passed, cannot be completed within the Term thereby given, which is near expiring, and a Prolongation of the same would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Burgh of Paisley,

and to the Public in general: And therefore praying> that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above and other Purposes, with such Powers, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as shall be deemed reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter- thereof; and report the same, as it. shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M'Dowall, Sir Adam Fergusson, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons^ Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed Stanbridgi to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourth LaueHoafo Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road9 from " the End of Stanbridge Lane* near a Barn, in the " Parish of Ramsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle cf JVallop, and from the Turnpike Road between " Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the " Turnpike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of Henry Halt at t, at Axvbridge, to the Garden " Wall of Denys Rol/e, Esquire, at East Tuderley,

4i and from Lockerly Mill Stream to East Dean Gate,

and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike " Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the " County of Southampton, to Salisbury," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together wdth the Tolls, have been laid out in repairing the said Roads, and other Purposes of the Act; but the Roads are still in a very ruinous Condition, and the Money owing cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually repaired, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term granted by the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it i9 referred to Mr. Thistkthwayte, Mr. Jer-voise, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Thomas Oom, Charles Fre- Oom’s, Ac. deride Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbert, was read Nat. a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holdsworth, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are British thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Assurance others, Members of a Society called or known by the Sociel' Description of The British Assurance Society, and now held at the Queens Arms Tavern, Newgate-street, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and several other Persons, about the Year 1773, established a Fund, for the Relief of Members and their Families, in Cases of Sickness and other Misfortunes (particularly stated in the Petition) and as it was necessary for them to be known by some certain Description, to distinguish themselves from other Societies, which might be simile* ia some Respects to that formed by $ the

25 Geo. III. 8° Martiu 611

the Petitioners, they styled themselves, on account of their voluntary Subscriptions, and being British Subjects, The Free British Society, and, under that Description, held Meetings, and chose certain Persons as Trustees, and otherwise, to collect and apply the Subscriptions from Time to Time made for the Pur-

f)$es set forth in the Petition; and that about the ear 1779 the said Society very much increased, from which, and from some Variance happening between the Petitioners and other Members of the said Society, it became necessary to regulate their farmer Rules and Orders; and accordingly, a Deed (by way of Policy) with certain Covenants therein specified, was prepared, and the Petitioners were styled therein The British Assurance Society, an Exemplification of which Dqed was, for the Purpose of every Member having Access thereto, as Evidence, inrolled in the Court of Kings Bench at Westminster, in Trinity Term 1779; and that, since the making of the said Deed, several other Persons have become Members of the said Society, and the same are daily increasing; yet, notwithstanding the Covenants mentioned in the said Deed, the Petitioners, for want of being regularly incorporated, find, that not only several of the salutary Purposes, which, by their original Institution, and the Improvements thereof, are evaded, and rendered ineffectual, by the designing Part of Mankind, but several well-disposed Persons, who would willingly become Members of the said Society, are prevented from so doing, through Doubts of the said Society’s Property being sufficiently secured by the present Mode of Establishment; and that for want of Incorporation, the Title they now have, as a Society, is merely assumed, by which therefore they can neither sue or be sued, but are reduced to the Necessity of proceeding in the Names of certain Members appointed for that Purpose, which not only occasions great Expence, but is constantly attended with Delays and Difficulties, especially as the Courts at Westminster vary in their Opinions respecting the Rights of the Petitioners to maintain or defend Suits; and that, as the said Society’s present Stock is daily increasing, it has been considered, that, if the same was placed out either on Government Security, or Freehold Lands, in the Name of the Society, not only every Member would be the better secured in his just Claims, but such Stock would be thereby much improved; and that, by the Rules and Regulations of the said Society, not only the several Parishes in and round this Metropolis, but also some of the most distant Parishes in Britain, will be greatly disencumbered of their Poor, from the several Members, and their Families, being, by the above Benefits, prevented the miserable Alternatives of absolute Want, or the disagreeable Effects attendant on a Parish Maintenance; and the said Society being open to all British Subjects, of the Protestant Religion, Inmates as well as Householders are equally entitled to its Benefits, whereby many industrious Tradesmen, Labourers, and their Families, are enabled to stem the Torrent of temporary Misfortunes, till, by the Fruits of their own Labour, they can enjoy that Independence ever dear to the British Subject: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, whereby the Petitioners, and such other Person or Persons, who, from Time to Time, may be desirous of becoming a Member or Members of the said Society, may be incorporated and perpetuated as One Body, and may be called upon and enabled to sue and be sued, and to hold Lands and otter Estates, and to do, execute, and perform, every other lawful Act, Deed, Matter, and Thing, by the Name, Style, or Title of The British Assurance Society, as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Presidents, Treasurers, and other Officers, and subject to such Provisoes and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vox.. 40.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mattel* thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr* Mortlock, Mr. Hammet, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the several Counties of Northampton, Huntingdon, Cambridge, and The Isle of Ely, Bedford\ Leicester, and Rutland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Yarns spun in the said Counties have greatly decreased in their Value, occasioned principally by the fraudulent Reeling thereof; and that, in consequence of the Preference given to the Yarns of other Counties, where Regulations under the Sanction of Recent Acts of Parliament have taken Place, the Petitioners have great Reason to fear, that, unless they are authorized to make the like Regulations, their Trade will greatly decline, and with it the Employment and Support of numerous Poor, in the said several Counties; and that, by an Act made in tte Twenty-second Year of King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in die Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-pressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and for the better Payment of their Wages: and, by Two other Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Penalties and Punishments are inflicted upon all Persons who shall reel False or Short Yarn, and on Persons embezzling the Materials used in the said Manufactures; and that the good Purposes of the said Laws have been greatly frustrated from the Petitioners being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the Loss attending the Resentment of the Spinners and Work-People, by prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts; and that this important Branch of the Woollen Manufacture of the said several Counties will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the Petitioners are enabled jointly to carry those Laws into effectual Execution, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament; and that, by Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, Chester, and Suffolk, certain Powers are given for tte Appointment of Committees of the Manufacturers of the said Counties, with Power to appoint proper Persons to be Inspectors of Worsted Yarn within the same Counties, for the Purposes in such Acts mentioned, which Inspectors are thereby directed to use due Diligence for bringing to Justice all Offenders against the said Two last mentioned Acts, and the said former Acts, and such other Powers and Remedies are, by the said Two last mentioned Acts, given to, and vested in, such Committees, Inspectors, and others, respecting the Funds therein respectively directed to be established, and respecting such other Matters and Things for carrying those Acts into Execution, as have a manifest Tendency to the Advantage of all the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yam, and Goods made from Worsted, in the said. Counties 01 York, Lancaster, Chester, and Suffolk, whereby the Yarns, and consequently the Trade of those Coan-ties, have been greatly improved: And therefore

praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill

with

Wool-comb-

ing.

612 8° Martti. 1785*

with similar Powers to those comprised in the said granted by the said Act are found inadequate for the Two last mentioned Acts, and for the Purpose of ob- Purposes thereby intended; and that very considerable taming such other Relief in the Premises, as to the Sums of Money have been Yearly expended in re-. House may seem meet, and the Necessity of the Case pairing the Road leading from The London Apprentice, requires. through the Town of Hoxton, to the End of Baunis

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Walk, and the Trustees find themselves unable to

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appeal' to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lancelot Brown, Sir George Howard, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Exeter Poor. Mr. Itolle reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor, of the City and County of 'Exon, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, for establishing the said Corporation; and also, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for impowering the said Corporation to raise a Sum of Money to discharge a Debt then incurred; and also, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for raising a further Sum of Money for discharging other Debts then incurred, were read: And,

Mr Joseph Burrow, Clerk to the said Corporation for Relief of the Poor, being examined, said, That by the great Increase of the Poor of the said City and County of Exon, the high Price of Provisions, and the Expences incurred by the embodying of the Militia, the Corporation have been obliged to contract further Debts, to the Amount of Five thousand Pounds and upwards, which they are incapable to discharge without the Aid of Parliament; and that, from the above Causes, the said Corporation are become wholly unable to fulfil the several Purposes for which they were instituted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution: And that Mr. Rollc, Mr. Bastard, Sir Charles Warwick Bampfylde, and Mr. Baring, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Shoreditch A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in

Streets. Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Tw'enty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better repairing the High-i€ ways, and cleansing the Streets* within the Parish " of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of €t Middlesex, and for better enlightening the Open " Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts there,

" and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles " within the said Parish and also, of several others of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and have incurred great Expences, and contracted several Debts, to a considerable Amount, for the necessary Purposes of the Act, which now remain unsatisfied, and the several Rates

keep the said Road in proper Repair, unless a small Toll be imposed upon Horses and Carriages passing through the same, and the said Act has been found, in many Respects, detective: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill foi* amending the said Act, and for granting a Toll upon Horses and Carriages passing through the said Road; under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet. jfe

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for opening certain Passages, and for i

paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for putting in Execution another Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending, and rendering more effectual, the above-mentioned Act, and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane, called Hog Lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the said County, is referred: And that they do^examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in Dolgelley Debtors Gaol, in the County of Maioneth, was presented to Petition, the House, and read: Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landowners, and Staffordshire Manufacturers of Earthen Ware, of the several Pa- Potteries, rishes of Bur stem, Wolstanton, and Norton on the Moors, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, or some of them, are Owners of Lands in the Parishes and Places aforesaid, near the Staffordshire Potteries, in which are various Coal Mines, the working whereof, and procuring and establishing a constant and regular Supply of Coals, at reasonable Rates, is of very great Importance to the said Manufactories, and to the Public; but the same cannot be properly effected without the Aid of sundry deep Soughs or Gutters of great Extent, to be made and carried up to the said Mines, for the Purpose of discharging Water therefrom; and that the Petitioners are desirous to make and execute such Soughs or Gutters, and to support and maintain the same, at their own Expence; but are advised the same cannot be properly done without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making, completing, and maintaining such Soughs or Gutters, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Authorities, and under and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Oidered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sneyd, Sir Edward Littleton,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. 1

A Bill

25 Geo. III.

Uxbndge A Bill for taking down thfe ptesdnt Market House, et> c* and certain other Buildings, in the Town of Uxbridge, for the Purpose of widening the High Street; and for paving the Footways, and lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the ltoad between Mercers Bridge and High Bridge; and for rebuilding the said Market House, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder* man Wilkes, Mr. Mainwaring, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Bancroft's* A Petition of Edward Bancroft, now of Villiers

covcjy 15- Street, York Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor in Physic, and Fellow of the Royal Society, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in September 1775 the Petitioner represented to His Majesty, that he had discovered that certain Vegetables growing spontaneously in America, and never used for any Art, Trade, or Manufacture in Great Britain, excepting by the Petitioner, were capable of dying, staining, printing, or painting, certain valuable Colours upon Wool, Hair, Fur, Silk, Cotton, Linen, Paper, See. whereby considerable Advantages would result to the Commerce and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and prayed, That His Majesty would, by Letters Patent, secure to the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the exclusive Privilege of vending and using the said Vegetables for the Purposes discovered by the Petitioner, as aforesaid, for the Term of Fourteen Years: And His Majesty, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 23d of October following, granted to the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the exclusive Use, Exercise, Benefit, and Advantages, of his said Invention, for the Term of Fourteen Years; and, that soon after the said Letters Patent were granted, an Act passed, prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with certain of His Majesty’s American Colonies, by Reason whereof, and of the subsequent War, the Petitioner did not, until about Nine Years after the Date of the said Letters Patent, import into Great Britain any One of the said Vegetables, or derive any Manner of Benefit from the said Letters Patent; and that the Petitioner has lately discovered Means of increasing the Beauty and Permanency of the Colours derived from the Vegetables in Question, by certain Chymical Preparations, not described in the Specification heretofore made of his said Invention, which he is desirous of adding the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending and prolonging to the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all and singular the Rights, Titles, Powers, Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, of what Nature soever, to him and them granted by the said Letters Patent, for and during the Term of Nipe Years, from and a/ter the Expiration of the Term of Fourteen Years therein mentioned; and also to extend and prolong the Time allowed by the said Letters Patent to the Petitioner, for describing and ascertaining his said Invention for the Space of One Month after passing the said proposed Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them,’ to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Eden, the Lord Mahon, &c.: And they are to meet To-Morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

rent and A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, lD^‘ and Inhabitants of the Town of Burton upon Trent,

Vox,. 40.

613

in the County of Stafford', and the Neighbourhood thereof, and also of the Bailiffs, Commonalty, and In-1 habitants of the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears* by an accurate Survey, and by Levels lately taken* that the Rivera Trent, Tame, and Anker, in the Counties of Stafford,

Derby, and Warwick, may, with some short Cuts, be made navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from that Part of the River Trent which is now navigable, in or near the said Town of Burton upon Trent, to the said Borough of Tamworth, and from thence to or near a Place called Fieldon Bridge, near At her stone, in the said County of Wanoick, and that a Canal may be conveniently made from thence to Atherstone* in the said County of Warwick, to form a Junction with The Coventry Canal, already completed to that Place, and* that the River Tame may in like Manner be made navigable from Tamworth aforesaid to or near Endall Ford, in the Parish of Tamworth, and that a Canal or Cut may also be made therefrom to communicate with the intended Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near the Mill at Fazeley aforesaid, and, that a Canal, or Cut, may likewise be made from and out of the said River Trent to communicate with the Canal from the.

River Trent to the River Mersey, at or near Wichnover, in the said County of Stafford; and that the making and maintaining the said Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with the several Cuts, navigable as aforesaid, will open a Communication between the Coal Mines in Staffordshire and the Coventry and Oxford Canals, and effect the long-intended Commercial Intercourse between the Town of Birmingham, the City of Coventry, and the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, and Hull, and will be completed at much less Expence than the Extension of The Coventry Canal from Atherstone to Fradley Heath, the Place of its proposed Junction with the Canal between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, whereby, and with the Advantage of large Boats navigating upon the said Rivers and Cuts, the Public may be accommodated with Carriage, both in Tonnage and Freight, upon easier Terms, and with greater Safety and Dispatch, which will be of great Advantage to the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Public in general, and prevent the Devastation of a large Quantity of rich Land, and great Inconvenience of such Separation of the Country: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining navigable the said Rivers, with the said several Cuts to effect the said several Communications, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House: -

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Severn thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Navi£ation-read; Setting forth, That the Navigation of the River Severn, between Stourport, in the County of Worcester, and the City of Gloucester, is greatly obstructed by Shoals, Rocks, and other Impediments, whereby great Delays are occasioned in the Carriage of Goods on the said River; but, if a proper and convenient Navigation was made on the said River between the Places aforesaid, so as always to have a sufficient Depth of Water, the same would tend to the Encouragement and Increase of Trade and Commerce in the Neighbourhood of the said River, and be of Public Utility;

7 R and

0 Martii.

t

614 8° Martii. A. 1785.

and that at present Barges and other Vessels, navigating upon the said River, are haled by Men only, but if , Power was given to hale them with Horses, the Navigation on the said River would be rendered more expeditious and convenient, and carried on at less Expence, and the Petitioners, together with the several other Persons named in the Subscription List, are desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to make and maintain such Navigation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near a Place called Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to or near the City of Gloucester, and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with Horses, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, Sir John Wrottesley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Designs for Mr. Alderman Nezrnham reported from the Com-

Vrinting mittee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose nens, c. Barnes are thereunto subscribed, Callicoe Printers, Artists, Designers of Drawings, Engravers, and others, Proprietors of original Patterns for printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Kilburne being examined, said, That he is a Callicoe Printer, at Wallington, in Surrey — That he draws his own Patterns — That his Patterns have been copied to his great Injury — That out of the Number of Patterns he has drawn, several have not succeeded, and, when any of them have pleased the Public, base and mean Copies have been made immediately, to his very great Loss — That a Thousand Pounds worth of Prints have been obliged to be laid by as useless, on Account of the Imitations. The Witness then produced an original Pattern of his own, executed at his Manufactory, and also a ba.se Copy of the above Pattern, much inferior in Quality, but which prevented the Sale of the Original.

Mr. Thomas Hatcher being examined, said, That he is a Callicoe Printer and Draftsman, at Mitcham, in Surrey: He then confirmed the above Evidence of Mr. Kilburne, and added, That about Twelve Months ago he produced a new Pattern for a Lady’s Dress, which was much admired, and Ladies of the highest Rank had some of them — That he produced but a small Quantity of them at first, thinking that by Reason of the high Price of them they might not sell, but finding a considerable Demand for them, he set about finishing others; and before he could complete them, another Person produced a mean Copy, and offered a considerable Quantity to the Linen Draper that sold the Patterns in London \ which inferior Copy was printed upon a very coarse Linen, and of course was sold at a much inferior Price, by which Means the Sale of his original Design was totally frustrated: Then

Mr. Francis Moore being examined, said, That he is a Wholesale Linen Draper of Cheapside, London — That he purchased a Pattern of Linen of Mr. Kilburne, about a Year and a Half ago, of which he expected a considerable Sale; but that about a Month after the Beginning of the Sale, a base Copy, at a 7

reduced Price, and of inferior Cloth and Materials, was produced for Sale; in consequence of which his Pieces were left upon his Hands, and he thereby sustained a great Loss.

Mr. Thomas Browne being also examined, said, That he is a Wholesale Linen* Draper in Cheapside — That the same Circumstance had happened to him as to the last Witness, by Means whereof he also sustained a great Loss. — And being further examined, he said,

That by the Exportation of mean and inferior Copies to Foreign Markets, the Credit and Sale of our Manufactures are greatly diminished. And he produced, to Your Committee s Letter from Baltimore, in America, to himself, which states, that fine printed Cottons and Chintzes are not in Estimation there equal to the French — That there is now a great Sale of French and Foreign Chintz, which he apprehends would be totally prevented, if Encouragement were given to our Manufactures; and the same might be carried to a greater Extent and much higher Perfection, if the Copy Right, for a limited Time, was secured to the Inventors — That he does not doubt but that, if the Copy Right was obtained, our Manufacturers would be able to excel all the Foreign Manufactures, even the East India Chintz: And the Witness added, That the Foreign and India Chintz are all clandestinely imported, and therefore the Revenue would be greatly benefited by our own being sold in their Stead.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of the Arts, of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Alderman Newnham, Mr. Alderman Watson, and Sir Joseph Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Asseat Usher of the Black Rod; 10

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Cam-, terbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine,

Forces while on Shore:

An Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British*built Ships actually belonging to

British

5 Geo. lit 8° Martii.615

British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Faversham, the Hundreds of Faversham and Bought on, and the several Parishes of Ospringe, Seasaller, and Whitsiable, in the County of Kent:

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Naniwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle under Lyne, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid:

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing several Roads Leading from The Buck's Heady at Walling Street, to Beckbury, and The New Inn, and from The Birches Brook to the Hand Post in the Parish of Kemberton, in the County of Salop, and for making the same more effectual:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending *c and widening the Road, from the South End of the " Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the u County of Derby, and also the Road from the " North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into i( the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of " Tankersley Park, in the said'County of York" so far as the same relates to the Road leading from 7?o-therham aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Pleasley aforesaid:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending " and widening the Road from Tinsley, in the County " of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said " County:"

An Act for continuing an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Feversham, at a Place called Bound Gate:

An Act to enable William Lucas Holden to take and use the Surname of Rose:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Wiple:

An Act for naturalizing F/rdrick Hendrick Van Hagen.

Bounty on A Petition of James Stuart, of Thames Street, Lo?i-Curing fish, don, Merchant, on Behalf of divers Persons residing in Scotland, who are Carers of Fish, particularly of Red Herrings and Tusk Fish, and who are, or may be, desirous of exporting the same into Foreign Parts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Filth Year of King George the First, for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in Foreign Parts, and better securing the Duties on Salt, certain Rates are directed to be paid for all such Fish therein mentioned, as shall be exported from any Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas; and that, by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, for encouraging the Fisheries in Scotland, it is enacted, that the said Act, made in the Fifth Year of King George the First, and also other Acts therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Curing of Fish for Exportation, with Salt, and likewise to the several Rates, or Sums of Money, allowed upon the Exportation of Fish from England (except as therein is excepted) Should be, and the same were, thereby declared to Vo l* 40.

extend to Scotland, and thatj from and after the 25th of June 1756, it should be lawful to carry, and bring, from any Port of Scotland to any Port of England, for Home Consumption, any Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, and other White Fish, the Persons bringing such Fish into England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, paying such Duties thereon as therein mentioned; and, it is further enacted, that it should be lawful to carry, or bring, from any Port or Place of Scotland to any Port of England, for Re-exportation, any Herrings, Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, and other White Fish, and, that all such Fish, so brought Coastwise from Scotland into England, Wales, and Berxvick upon Tweed, should, upon Exportation thereof to Foreign Parts, be entitled to the same Bounties as, by the said Act passed in the Fifth Year of King George the First, were granted on the Exportation of Fish cured in England; and that, in the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of King George the Second, no mention is made of Red Herrings, by Reason, as the Petitioners apprehend, that Red Herrings were never before that Time cured in Scotland, therefore they are not entitled to any Bounty for the Exportation thereof, within the Letter of the said last mentioned Act; and that, although, by the said last mentioned Act, all such Herrings, Salmon, Cod, Ling,

Tusk, and any other White Fish, brought Coastwise from Scotland, into England\ Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, should, upon Exportation thereof into Foreign Parts, be entitled to the same Bounties as, by the Act of the Fifth of King George the First, were granted on the Exportation of Fish cured in England, yet, as no Mention is made in the said last mentioned Act of Tusk Fish, the Clause so allowing, or intending to allow, a Bounty on the Exportation of Tusk Fish, is rendered ineffectual, and of no Use to the Persons curing, and desirous of exporting, that Fish, and the Petitioners, as Curers of such Fish in Scotland, are deprived of the Benefit of such Bounties obviously intended them by the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of King George the Second; and that, since the passing of the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of George the Second, great Quantities of Keel Herrings have been cured in Scotland, and exported by the Petitioners into Foreign Parts, but, nevertheless, they are not entitled to any Bounty on the Exportation thereof, by Reason that there is no Provision made for that Purpose in the last mentioned Act; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that it is in the Contemplation of the House soon to take into Consideration the State of the Fisheries in Scotland: And therefore praying, That when the State of the said Fisheries is taken into Consideration, the House will grant the Petitioners Relief, so far as regards allowing a Bounty on Red Herrings and Tusk Fish, brought from Scotland, into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, Coastwise, and from thence exported into Foreign Parts, as the Petitioners conceive that a Bounty was intended to be allowed on such Fish by the Legislature, when they passed the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of George the Second, although not expressly directed in the said Act, or that the House will afford the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, W°°V Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the combinS-County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Yarns spun in the said County have greatly decreased in their Value, occasioned principally by the fraudulent Heeling thereof; and that, in consequence of the Preference given to the Yarns of other Counties, where Regulations under the Sanction of recent Acts of Parliament, have taken Place, the Petitioners have great Reason to fear, that,

unless

616 8 Martiu ’ 1785*

unless they are authorized to make the like Regulations, their Trade will greatly decline, and with it the Employment and Support of numerous Poor in the said County; and that, by an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of King 'George the Second, for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses, committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures, and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers, and Journeymen Hot-pressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and for the better Payment of their Wages; and by Two other Acts, made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Penalties and Punishments are inflicted upon all Persons who shall reel False or Short Yarn, and on Persons embezzling the Materials used in the said Manufactures; and that the good Purposes of the said Laws have been greatly frustrated, from the Petitioners being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the Loss attending the Resentment of the Spinners and Work-People, by prosecuting them for Offences against the said Acts; and that this important Branch of the Woollen Manufacture of the said County of Lincoln will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the Petitioners are enabled jointly to carry those Laws into effectual Execution, which cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament; and that, by Two Acts made in the Seventeenth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses, committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of York, Lancaster, Chester, and Suffolk, certain Powers are given for the Appointment of Committees of the Manufacturers of the said Counties, with Power to appoint proper Persons to be Inspectors of Worsted Yarn, within the same Counties, for the Purposes in such Acts mentioned, which Inspectors are thereby directed to use due Diligence for bringing to Justice all Offenders against the said Two last mentioned Acts, and the said former Acts, and such other Powders and Remedies are, by the said Two last mentioned Acts, given to, and vested in, such Committees, Inspectors, and others, respecting the Funds therein respectively directed to be established, and respecting such other Matters and Things for carrying those Acts into Execution, as have a manifest Tendency to the Advantage of all the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the said Counties of York, Lancaster, Chester, and Suffolk, whereby the Yarns, and consequently the Trade, of those 'Counties, have been greatly improved: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, with similar Powers to those comprised in the said

Two last mentioned Acts, and for the Purpose of obtaining such other Relief in the Premises as to the House may seem meet* and the Necessity of the Case requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted* in the several Counties of Northampton, Huntingdon, Cambridge, and The Isle of Ely, Bedford\ Leicester, and Rutland, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as ibshall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Village of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Village is become large and populous, and, from its Vicinity to the Metropolis, the Inhabitants thereof, and also all Persons passing to and from the same in the Night Time, are much exposed to Robberies, and other Outrages; and that it would be a great Security to the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Village, and to all Persons having Occasion to pass to and from the same in the Night Time, if the Road from and including the House in the Occupation of Mrs. Mount, in the said Village, leading towards London, and ending at the Entrance of the Village of Newington, and at the Roads over Clapham Common, and also the said Village and Common, were properly lighted and watched during certain Hours of the Night: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-< mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Smith, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of tho Expences incurred by the Office of Ordnance in building and repairing Works for the Defence of Plymouth, Portsmouth, Gosport, Chatham9 Dovcry and other Cinque Ports, Sheerness, Landguard Fort, North Yarmouth, Gravesend and Tilbury, Newcastle, Clifford's Fort, Tinmouth, and Sunderland, Liverpool, Chester Castle, and North Britain, from the 1st of January 1771 to the 31st of December 1784.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

w An

Clapham Lighting and Watching.

Works for fortifying Dockyard*.

Nightingales

Hoad.

Tamm's Nat.

Huntingdon

Paving.

llarston

Montgomery

Inclosure.

35"Geo. III. 8° Martti. ^*7,

An A C C O U NT of the Expences incurred by the Office of Ordnance in building and repairing Works for the Defence of Plymouth, Portsmouth, Gosport, Chatham, Dover, and other Cinque Ports, Sheerness, Landguard Foift, North Yarmouth, Gravesend and Tilbury, Newcastle, Cliffords Fort, Tinmouth, and Sunderland, Liverpool, Chester Castle, and North Britain, from tst January 1771 to 31st December 1784; prepared.pursuant to an Order of the Honourable the House of Common*, 7th March 1785; Viz'.

PlVmocth - - - - .

Portsmouth - -

Gosport ——

Chatham -

Sheerness ——

Dover - . ... . 39.55* *5 —

The other Cinque Ports - 10,859 10 4

Landguard Fort - - .

North Yarmouth - -

Gravesend and Tilbury -

Newcastle, Clifford’s Fort, Tinmouth, and Sunderland - - * -

Liverpool -

- -Chester Castle ——

North Britain - -; 1 - .

& d-

131,429 19 2 292,799 17 10 42,048 16 — 169,825. 2 g 76,106 17 10

50^11 5 4 62,932 63 ,

25,204 18 4 ,

31,589.10. 9 7,560 8 9

6,487 9 i 4,214 10 10 78,054 2 2

W. Howe. James LuttrelL G. Craztfurd, J. Aldridge.

Office of Ordnance, 8th Mar. 1785.

OrderedThat the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales; in the Township of Heath Chamock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Simon Tamm; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the High Street, and other Places, within the Town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing, and leasing or letting, a certain Common, and certain Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of

Marston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty, Supply Bill by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Land Tax-Service of the Year One. Thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by &

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of die Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five. *

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, reported from the Committee, who were Militia, appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1785;

That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

Vot.40. 7S ESTIMATE

Duke of Northumberland's Estate.

fflartti.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of thd Militia, for the Year 1785.

Pay to 30, &40 Private Men, at i f. each, 28 Days - - V -‘ - . ‘ .

D* to 70 Adjutants, at 6s.'a Day each - - 1 - - . " . - .!i j

D° to 1,542 Serjeants, at 1 s.a Day each -

D* to 1,200 Drummers, at 6d.a Day each -

For additional Pay to 30,840 Private Men, for going to the Place of Exercise, and returning, calculated OpOn ah Average of Four Days Pay each Man- -Additional Pay to 7* Spijeant Majors, at 2 s.6d. a Week each - - -D* - - to 70 Drum Majors, at 6d. a Day each - -D* - " ' -

to 1,542 "Corporals, at a Day each

Salaries for 70 Battalion Clerks, at £. 50 a Year each Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision-Meetings, computed at D* - - to each Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, for contingent Expences, at the Rate of 6 rf. perMonth for each Private Man and Drummer -Cloathing for 30,840 Private Men, at£ 1. ioj. each »--- ——

D* - - for 1,542 Serjeants, at £. 3. 105. each -

D* - - for 1,200 Drummers, at £2.each - - -- - >-

For additional Pay for Cloathing 54 Serjeant Majors, and 54 DrumMajors, at 1.

each N - .

Subsistence to 498 Captains, at 7 s.6d.each per Day, for 28 Days - - - .

D* - - to 561 Lieutenants, including Two Lieutenants to Grenadier Companies, at 3f. 6d. each, for Days ....

D* - - to 435 Ensigns, at 3 s. each, for 28 Days -

-1 £

14^,176 ’ 7,665 28,141 10,950

.Vi 6»i68

455

.638

1.079

3.500

4.0P0

10,023

46,260

5,397

2,400

108

5,229

2,748

1,827

f. d.

10 —

15 —

8 —

18 —

179,766 11

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the most Noble Duke of Northumberland, on Behalf of himself and the Right honourable Hugh Lord Percy, commonly called Eart Percy, and the Honourable

called Lord Algernon Percy, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, 'by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That Mis Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives Mis Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think proper; and recommends the said Petition to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That his late Majesty King George the Second, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 27th Day of March, in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, for the Considerations therein mentioned, did demise, grant, and to farm let, unto James Duke of Ckandois deceased, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, called The Wharf, and Doclc, and Old Carpenters Yard, situate in North Scotland Yard, within the Precinct of His Majesty’s Palace of Wh in the County of Middlesex, abutting upon the late Duke of Somersets -Garden, to the North East, and containing such Dimensions as in the said Letters Patent ere particularly described; and also, all that Messuage or Tenement, and all those Rooms, Lodgings, Buildings, Edifices, Ground, and other Conveniencies, then late in the Possession of Sir Stephen Fox, Knight, within the Precinct of His Majesty’s said Palace of in the said County of Middlesex, and all that little Garden lying contiguous thereunto, and near the Wood Yard there, and all that Ground then lately used for a

public Passage, not only to and from the said Messuage or Tenement, but also between Scotland Yard and the Wood Yard Watergate, and the Rooms or Place called The Old Bakehouse, situate under Part of the Rooms then late in the Possession of the said Sir Stephen Fox, winch said Messuage or Tenement, and Premisses last mentioned, abut and contain such Dimensions as in the same Letters Patent are also particularly described; and also, a Stable and Coach-house, Situate near the Guardhouse, in the Palace of Whiter hall -aforesaid, and the Passage between the said Bakehouse, Watergate, and Scotland Yard, and the Passage behind the said Guardhouse, leading to the Granary Lodging and also another Passage under the said ’Guard Room, and leading from Scotland Yard, to the aforesaid Premisses, to hold all and singular the before-mentioned Premisses (except as therein excepted) to the said James Duke of Chandois, his Executors, Administrators* and Assigns, from the Date of the said Letters Patent, for the Term of Fifty Years, at and under the Yearly Rent of £. 13. 6$. id. as therein mentioned and reserved; and that the said Wharf and Dock Yard, and all and singular other the Premisses granted by the said Letters Patent, have become, and now- are, by virtue of a proper Assignment, vested in the Petitioner, the said Duke, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Residue of the said Term of Fifty Years, subject to the Rents and Covenant in the same Letters Patent reserved and contained; and that his said late Majesty, by other Letters Patent, bearing Date the 29th Day of January, in the Thirtieth Year of his Reign, did demise unto the Petitioner, then Earl of Northumberland, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate within or near North Scotland Yard, within the Precinct of the Palace of Whitehall aforesaid, heretofore 9 in

5 Geo. III. 8° Martii, ^9

in the Tenure of the Board of Works, abutting and containing such Dimensions as in the said lastanen-tioned Letters Patent are particularly described, to hold the said last mentioned Premisses, with the Appurtenances, unto the said Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Thirty-one Years, from the Date of the same Letters Patent, at the Yearly Rent of £. 16. 13$. 4</., payable as therein mentioned; and that the Petitioner, the said Duke, is Tenant for Life of the Manor of Tinmouth, in the County of Northumberland, and of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, and also of the capital Messuage or Mansion House, called Northumberland House, and of divers other Messuages or Tenements, and Pieces or Parcels of Ground, Erections and Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex with Remainder to the said Hugh Earl Percy (eldest Son of the said Duke) for his Life; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Hugh Earl Percy successively in Tail Male, with Remainder to Lord Algernon Percy (Second Son of the said Duke) for his Life, with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Lord Algernon Percy successively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the First and other Daughters of the said Hugh Earl Percy successively in Tail, with Remainder to the First and other Daughters of the said Lord Algernon Percy successively in Tail, with divers Remainders over; and that the Petitioner, the said Duke of Northumberland now hath in himself a Power to convey any of the Lands and Tenements, situate within the said Manor of Tinmouth, in Lieu of, or in Exchange for, any other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, of equal or greater Value, within the same Manor, so as the Lands to be taken in Exchange by the said Duke be conveyed to the same Uses as the Lands and Tenements, which may in like Manner be given in Exchange by foe said Duke, shall, at the Time of such Exchange, stand limited; and that the Premisses comprized in foe said Letters Patent lie contiguous to, and intermixed with, foe said capital and other Messuages, Ground, Erections, and Buildings, in foe said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields; and that there now are, within the said Manor of Tinmouth^ certain Buildings, or Barracks, for the Use and Accommodation of His Majesty’s Forces, which are now held at the Will of the said Duke, with certain Grounds contiguous thereto, and, that the Use of the said Barracks being deemed of considerable Advantage to foe Army, and their Continuation of great Importance to Government, and as the Premisses first above-mentioned, in foe said Grants contained, adjoin to the Petitioner’s said Mansion House, and would open and enlarge the View and Communication from thence to foe River Thames, the Petitioners are willing, and have consented and agreed, so far as in them lie, to accept and take the Inheritance of the said Premisses comprized in the said Letters Patent, iu Exchange for the Inheritance of the said Barracks, and of certain Grounds adjoining thereto, and also of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle (reserving to the Petitioner, and the several Persons claiming in Remainder the said Manor of Tinmouth, all Coal and other Mines lying within and under the said Ground, and full Power to win and work the same, and also Power to make a Waggon Way, if necessary, on the West Side of the said Barrack, so as not to interfere therewith, and also reserving all Wreck and Wrecks of the Sea, in and over the Lands and Sea Shore intended to be granted to the Crown); and the Petitioner, the said Duke, hath made his humble Suit to His Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought nnto Parliament, to enable His Majesty to grfet the Vol. 40.

Fee Simple and Inheritance of all and every the Pre* misses comprized in the said Letters Patent, in Exr change for the Inheritance ip Fee Simple *of the saijl Barracks, and of certain. Grounds adjoining thereto, and also of the Lands adjoining Tinmouth Castle (except and reserving such Mines, as aforesaid, and Power of winning and working the same, together with such Liberty of making such Waggon Way, apd also the Wrecks of foe Sea as aforesaid) or for, such further or other Compensation as shall be adjudged to be a full and valuable Consideration for the same; and that the Power now vested in the Petitioner, the said Duket, for exchanging the Lands and Tenements within the said Manor of Tinmouth, doth not (as the Petitioner hath been advised) extend so far as to enable him to exchange foe said Barracks and Lauds for foe said Premissies comprized in the said Letters Patent: And therefore ptipying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance in Fee Simple of all and every foe Premisses comprized in foe said Letters Patent, or Grants* in Exchange for the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the said Barracks, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, and also, of the Lands adjoining to Tinmouth Castle aforesaid (except and reserving as before is excepted and reserved) or for such further or other Compensation as shall, by the proper Officers of the Crown, be ad-r judged a full and valuable Consideration for the same^ and also to enable the Petitioner, foe said Duke, to grant unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the said Barracks and Lands aforesaid (except as aforesaid) and that the said Premisses, comprized in foe said respective Grants, may be limited to such Uses, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, as so* said Manor of Tinmouth, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereunto belonging, do now stand limited and settled, or to such other Uses, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in foe Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Benjamin Lacam, Proprietor of New Harbour, in foe Bay of Bengal, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner had been many Years engaged in making a Refitting Harbour in The Ganges, capable of receiving and accommodating, with Dry Docks and Supplies, the Ships of His Majesty’s Navy, as well as those of the East India Company, to any Extent of Number and Size; and that the Pe* titioner received, and still holds, his Right and Title to the said Place and Possessions, by a Grant, called a Pottah, executed under the express Direction of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, and sealed with the Official Revenue Seal of the East India Company, in full and accustomed Form, and with as free and absolute a Title and Deed as any Subjects of this Realm hold their Chartered Rights, Grants, and Estates; and that, after the Petitioner had, in foe Couiae^f Six Years, expended about £> 30,000 in

Lacam’s Harbour at Bengal.

Scotland — Bewly, &c. Bridges.

620

&° Martit. A. 17 85.

Such Works, Vessels’, and Preparations, as best suited to the Nature of his extensive Undertaking, his Grant and Title were revoked arid annulled, by the same Governor General and Supreme Council, to his sudden Disappointment, arid entire Ruin; and that the Petitioner applied and waited for Redress at Ben±

gal, for the Space of Four Years, without Effect, and was then permitted, and generously assisted, by his Creditors, to come to Englan, and appeal to the Sovereign Powers and Justice of his native Country; and that, upon a Representation of his Case to this House, in 1783, at His Majesty’s Recommendation, the House was pleased'to refer it to a Committee, and a Report was made thereon, horn which Report, as the Petitioner conceives, the Truth of the above Allegations will sufficiently appear; and that it likewise appears, from the said Report, that, during the late War, His Majesty’s Ships upon the East India Station were greatly distressed for Want of a Windward Relilting Harbour in the Bay of Bengal, and compelled to quit that Bay at a riiost important Crisis, leaving the Coast of Coromandel, and the whole British Interest and Cause, exposed to the French Fleet, which therefore penetrated almost to the Mouth of The Ganges; and that the Ships of His Majesty’s Squadron, by going round to Bombay, left the Enemy in full Possession of the Bay of Bengal, were absent from their Station Six Months, and thereby prevented from co-operating with the British Forces before Cuddalore till the Month of June, whereas, had there been at that Time a Refitting Harbour at Bengal, His Majesty’s Ships might have returned to the Coast in January, and conveyed in proper Time the necessary Supplies of Troops, Provision, and Money, to the Relief of the then famishing and distressed Garrison of Fort Saint Geot'ge; and that, notwithstanding these Facts do fully appear, and that the French and , by the Re-capture and Partition of can al-

ways command the whole Bay of Bengal (during the Absence of the Fleet at Bombay) the Petitioner has "not been able to obtain any Redress, Decision, or Assistance, from the East India Company, by whose Servants be has been thus entirely ruined, and a great and national Object discouraged, and prevented for the Space of Eight Years, nor can he find any other Mode of Relief than by supplicating the Justice and Protection of the House: And therefore praying,

That the House will take the said Report and the Petitioner’s Case into Consideration, and grant him such Relief and Support, in the Furtherance of the said Work, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord William Gordon, Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, John Sinclair, of Ulbster, Esquire, Arthur Forbes, of Esquire,

George Ross, of Cromarty, Esquire, Alexander Gray, of Overskibo, Esquire, Duncan Davidson, of Esquire, John Mackenzie, of Esquire, John

Mackenzie, of Lentron, Esquire, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Dundas, John Anstruther, and James Baillie, Esquires, for themselves, and on Behalf of the other Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Counties of Inverness, Ross, Cromarty, Sutherland, Caithness, and the Orkney Islands, and Boroughs therein, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Rivers called Bewly, Conon, and Helmsdale, run across the Country immediately

to the Northward of Inverness, from the Mountains* to the East Sea; that it is the singular Condition of those Three Rivers to be absolutely without a Bridge, from their Sources down to their respective Friths, from which uncommon Circumstance, the large and populous Northern District above mentioned is sometimes utterly inaccessible, and always reached through dangerous Fords and Ferries, with great Inconveniency, and not unfrequently with the Loss of Lives; and that the Funds and Abilities of the said District have been totally exhausted, by* making long Tracts of good Roads, and constructing numerous Bridges, some on large, and others on smaller Streams, without the Assistance, hitherto, of any public Aid, to effect those laborious and expensive Undertakings in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers; and that Two of the said Rivets, Bewly and Conon, run partly through, ind partly Contiguous, to Two of the most considerable of the late forfeited Estates, now restored to the Heirs of the former Proprietors, and, during the Time the said Estates were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners appointed for their Management entered, at different Times, upon various Proceedings,' for building Bridges on the said Rivers Conon and Bewly, and paying the Expences out of the Rents of the said Estates; but these Rents having been, from Time to Time, otherwise applied, neither were the said Bridges, nor any other public Work, carried on upon the said Northern,

Estates, nor in that Quarter' of the Highlands where they lie, although their Rents were regularly levied for the Public, and were intended by Parliament for general Improvements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters of Scotland; and that the late Grants of the forfeited Estates are charged with. Payment into the Exchequer in Scotland, of certain Sums, subject to the future Disposition of Parliament, it bang understood to be the liberal Intention of Parliament to dispose of those Sums in useful and necessary public Improvements in Scotland, the Bridges above mentioned are conceived to be primary Objects of that Description, as nearly serving to complete the only Part that now remains unfinished of a Line of Communication from one End of the Island to the other, and the Expence of building the aforesaid Bridges is computed at about £. 12,000: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of £. 12,000, of the unexhausted Balance, which is subject to the Disposition of Parliament, directed by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by the several Persons to whom the forfeited Estates in Scotland are granted, towards building Bridges over the Rivers Bewly, Conon, and Helmsdale, in North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are FM thereunto subscribed, being Planters and Proprietors of Trade Lands in East Florida, on Behalf of themselves and others, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, by several Acts of Parliament, great Encouragement hath from Time to Time been given, and large Premiums allowed, for the Importation of Naval Stores, and Indigo, from the British Plantations in America, which were not continued after the Year 1782, by Reason, as the Petitioners apprehend, of the Rebellion' then subsisting in roost

- of

5 Geo. Ill- 8° Mariiu . Sai

t>/ His Majesty’s Provinces in America; and that iiince the Year 1782, and more especially since the Cession of East Florida to the Crown of Spain, the Petitioners have imported from the said Province, into 'Great Britain, divers Articles of Naval Stores and Indigo, upon which no Premiums have been allowed; and that East Florida, having ever persevered in its > Loyalty to the King, and Attachment to the Laws and Constitution of Great Britain, the Petitioners conceive they are entitled to the Indulgence of the same Premiums as were allowed to them, and to the Planters in the other Provinces of America, previous to the Interruption of the Commercial Intercourse between the Two Countries; and that the said Premiums, as the Petitioners understand, were calculated, and allowed, as an Equivalent to the Duties payable upon the Importation of the said Naval Stores, but that, by the several Additions of Five per Cent, upon the said Duties, the Premiums, had they been lately allowed, would not have been equal to the Whole of such Duties: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Glasgow Two A Petition of Peter Murdoch, Robert Cowan, James

Pennies Gordon, James Hopkirk, and James JVarroch, all Part-

*cots' ners in a Brewing Business, in the Village of Ander-stown, near Glasgow, whs presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for continuing, and rendering " more effectual, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or w One Sixth of a Penny Sterling-, on every Pint of " Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the " City of Glasgow; and for extending the same over 14 the Villages of Gorbels, and Port Glasgow, and Pri- vileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages," the aforesaid Duty was continued for a new Term of Thirty-eight Years; and the said Act contains a Clause, which enacts, that it shall not be lawful for any Brewer, or Seller of Beer or Ale, living or carrying on his or her Brewery without the said City of Glasgow, and Liberties thereof, or without the Villages of Gorbels and Port Glasgow, to import, or sell, any Beer or Ale, into, or in, the said City and Villages of Gorbels and Port Glasgow, or the Liberties or Privileges thereof, unless he or she do previously give Notice to the Magistrates of Glasgow, or to their Collector of the said Duty, at their Office at Glasgow, or Port Glasgaiv, respectively, and agree to be subjected to, and charged with, the Payment of the said Duty by the said Acts granted and made payable, for all the Beer and Ale which shall be brewed by such Brewer, or Seller of Ale and Beer, living or carrying on his or her Business without the said City and Villages, or the Liberties or Privileges thereof, and that every Brewer, or Seller of Ale or Beer, who shall import, or sell, any Ale or Beer, into, or in, the said City, or Villages, or Liberties or Privileges thereof, respectively, without having given such previous Notice, and agreed, as aforesaid, shall be charged with, and liable to, the Payment of the said Duty, to the Magistrates and Council of the said City, or their Collector or Collectors respectively, for all the Ale or Beer brewed by him or her during Twelve Calendar Months immediately preceding his or her committing such Offence; and that the Petitioners conceive the said Clause to be unjust and oppressive, as it subjects them to the Payment of the said Duty for all the Ale and Beer they brew, if thtly import or

Vo l. 40.

sell the smallest Quantity within the aforesaid City o?

Villages, whereas the Petitioners apprehend they ought only to pay the said Duty for all such Ale or Beer as they shall sell within the City of Glasgow, or the Villages of Gorbels or Port Glasgow, or the Liberties or Privileges thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing, or explaining and amending, the above-recited Clause of the said Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, or for giving the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Erskine, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved That an humble Address be presented to Address — His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, facture«. an Account of all Bounties upon Irish Manufactures, granted by Acts of the Irish Parliament, either by Gross Sums to Individuals, w'ho have established Manufactures, or by a per Cent. on the Manufacture, or by Grants of the Linen Board and Dublin Society, Or in any other Manner, during the last Five Years, specifying the Sums granted each Year, and the Manner of disposing ofv the said several Sums.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Irish His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Statutes* give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a printed Copy of the Irish Statutes.

Ordered, That the said Addresses«be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s Most Honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of the being read; House.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Fortnight, the 2 2d Day of this Instant March.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny an4 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Desertion, punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manu- Commercial faeturers of the City of G/asgozv, Paisley, Greenock, and Intercourse Port Glasgow, Members of the Chamber of Commerce *reJan<*‘ and Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are deeply impressed with every Sentiment of Liberality and Regard to the Sister Kingdom of Ireland, and have no Desire, to ^express to the House a Wish that shall be hostile to that Country in any Commercial Arrangement which shall be established upon Principles of mutual Advantage and reciprocal Interchange of Articles of Commerce and Manufactures; that the 7 T Petitioners

Sta , 8* —

-Petitipq*a;s ^re, however, seriously apprehensive, that sptpe.of the Resolutions, as they now stand, may tend , to disturb that Intercourse, and to defeat that Prin-<up}e which is. declared tto be the Basis of these Commercial Regulations, and that Time may be necessary to consider the Operation of these Resolutions upon Practical Commerce, so . as to afford to the House t every Light and Information which a Subject of such Importance requires: And therefore praying, That; the House will delay the final Adjustment of these Commercial Regulations for such a moderate Length of Tirae jas may afford the Petitioners an Opportunity of suggesting such Information as may occur on a more accurate Examination of the Subject Matter in Question.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Commercial The Order of the Day being read, for the House to reso^ve *tse^ into a Committee of the whole House, with Ireland. consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

The House was moved, That the 6th Article of the Treaty of Union between England and Scotland might l^e read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Coggg A Petition of the Right honourable George Simon

Indwurt* £arl Harcourt, Lord of the Manor of Coggs, in the County of Oxford, and Owner of a very great Part of the Lands within the Manor and Parish of Coggs aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Com-tnon Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Waste, and other Commonable Lands, belonging to the Petitioner and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if divided into specific Shares and Allotments, and inclosed, would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mackreth and Mr. Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Fwt &c. of The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Public Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for appointing Office. Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and tareport such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House was moved, That the 29th Chapter of Magna Chartd might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present

Martiu jt. 1785.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing and " enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and " state, fie Public Accounts of the Kingdpm, and " to report what Balances are in the Hands of Ac-u countants, which may be applied to the Public " Service, and what Defects there are in the present " Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and ac* " counting for Public Money, and in what more expeditious and effectual, and . less expensive Manner, " the said Services can in future be regulated and " carried on, for the Benefit of the Public," might jbe read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third JTime.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9* die Martii; Anno 25* Georgii IIP Regis, 1785.

Praters.

MR. Alderman Watson presented to the House, Manufactute according to Order, a Bill for more effectually of Cordage, preventing Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, accord- Southwark, ing to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing &c. Roads, the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street,in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to

Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhull Bridge, through Stockwdl, to Brixton Causeway, and from

Newington to the East End of Beckham Lane; and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of1 several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid, to JVitchcross, in the County of Sussex:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Phdips, from the Select Committee, who Downtoo

were appointed to try and determine the Merits Election, of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Freeholders of the Borough of Doumton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Downton,in the County of Wilts; and also, the

2 Petition

r

Oom s, &c. Nat.

CrieJtlade

Election.

Horsham, *c. Roads.

25 Geo. III. 90 Martii. 3

Petition of Charks Hill and James Millet t, Freeholders of the Borough of Dcnonton, in the County of Wilts; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Nantes are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders of the Borough of Dcrwnton, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for -the said Borough, informed the House, That tlte said Select Committee have resolved,

That John Dagge, Gentleman, is the legal Returning Officer for the Borough of Doxonton, in the County of Wilts.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Edward Bouverie is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Witts.

And also, that the said Select Committee have deter* mined.

That the 'Honourable William Seymour Conway is duly Elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Doxonton.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Oi'dered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the Double Return for the Borough of Doxonton, in the "County of Wilts, and amend the same, by taking off The File the Return executed by Mr. James Serle, and erasing from the Return executed by Mr. John Dagge the Name of the Honourable Edward Bouverie, and by inserting therein the Name of the Honourable William Seymour Conway.

Mr. Call reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Thomas Com, Charles Frederick Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbert, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Johnston, from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneage, and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, acquainted the House, That the said Committee desired IJeave to adjourn till Friday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock; such Adjournment being at the Request of the Counsel for the Petitioners, their Witnesses not being in Town who are to be adduced to the Matter next in Order to be brought before the said Committee, and such Matter coming before the Committee sooner than was expected, and all Parties having consented to such Adjournment.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special Cause assigned, to adjourn till Friday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

Mr. Aldridge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers df an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Seeding Hill, and from Steijning to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House'; and he read the Report in

Vo l. 40.

his Place; and afterwards dfefivefed the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cterk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and thin a Second Time, One 'by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cocks have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Fortnight, on his private Atfkirs. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, bn his private Affairs.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Deser* Mutiny aba tion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Desertion. Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Bniere; from the Excise bh Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he ^lifari-was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Excise on Ruin imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, for Two Years, ending at 5th July 1764, and ,5th July 1783; and distinguishing the Produce of the Excise imposed since 1764.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Earl of Courtoxon reported to the House, That Answer to their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty would A<Wresses. be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned, and also a printed Copy of the Irish Statutes, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That tlte Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itsfclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to’His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommetids it to the House, to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1785, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

4 90 Martii.<£1785.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they . had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House

Weans. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Motion for Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for resuming

expunging the adjourned Debate on the Motion made upon respecting Thursday last, That the Proceedings of the House of Westminster the 8th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, Election. in relation to the last Election for the City of West-vminster, be expunged from the Journal of this House, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

And the Question being again proposed, That the said Proceedings be, expunged from the Journal of this House;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 24th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the said Election, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the said Proceedings of the 8th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, be expunged from the Journal of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JThe Lord Maitland> \ leners for the \ eas,|Sir Jma J 137'

Tellers for the Noes,{^- M. } 242.

So it passed in the Negative.

Supply. The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

Thursday last, for receiving, upon that Day Seven-night, the Report which, upon the 23d Day of February last, was directed to be made from the Committee of the whole House, t to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Repoit be received upon Monday Morning next.

Commercial The House was moved, That the Order made Yes-Intercourse, terday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday Morning next, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Irelandmight be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

And the House having continued to sit till after Three of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit, Leave of notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. Absence*

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge have Leave to go the Oxford Circuit

a

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Pulborough, West Anin Navi* Chiltington, Stopham, Hardham, Fittleworth, Petworth, 8ation* and the adjacent Parishes, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending and improving the Navigation of the River Arm, from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Greeni in the said County, and for continuing and extending the Navigation of the said River A run from the said Wharf, called Pallenham Wharf to a certain Bridge, called Newbridge, situate in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be very injurious and oppressive to the Petitioners and others, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for, by the said Bill, a Toll of Nine Pence for every Ton of Timber, Planks, Coals, Lime, Corn, and Grain, and Six Pence for every Ton of Firewood, Chalk, Soil, and Dung, carried on the present Navigation between Houghton Bridge and Pallenham, is imposed, and is to be collected at such Places as the Company of Proprietors shall appoint for that Purpose, although on the present Navigation no Toll is payable, and repeated Declarations have been made that none was intended to be imposed; and, the Petitioners believe, that great Injury will be done to the Lands and Grounds where the Locks, &c. are to be erected; and Representing to the House, That, as no possible Advantage can accrue to the Petitioners from the extending the Navigation from Pallenham Wharf to Newbridge, they ought not to contribute to the Expence thereof, which they must do, to a very considerable Amount, if the present Bill passes into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be

heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill’s passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. William Egerton have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Absence,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

it

1

.25 Geo. III. n°

Veneris, 11* die Martii j

Anno 25* Georgii IIItn Regis, 1785. Prayers.

Sunderland A BILL for the better Preservation and Improve-Port, &c. f\ ment of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland^ in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Edeny Mr. Eden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Richmond Mr. Ambler reported from the Committee, to whom Poor and the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Streets. principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Richmond) in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Relief and " Employment of the Poor, and for repairing the " Highways, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watch-" ing the Streets and other Places in the Town and " Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and " for removing and preventing Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein, and for shutting " up a Road from the late Horse Ferry at Kew, to " West Sheen Lane, near Richmond Green, and for " amending and keeping in Repair the Road from " Kew Bridge to Richmond" was read: And Mr. William Stallard being examined, said, That the said Act has, in many Respects, been found inadequate to the salutary Purposes for which it was made — That since the passing of the said Act, the Poor of the said Parish have greatly increased, and by Reason of the Defects in the Law under which they are governed and supported, they are very ill provided for, and are maintained at a very large Expence, by Means whereof the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish are greatly burthened by heavy Rates: Then Mr. William Smith being examined, said, That he is a Surgeon — That he knows the House which now is, and for several Years last past has been occupied as a Workhouse, for the Reception and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish; that the same is in a very confined and bad Situation, and is in a very ruinous State and Condition, and much too small to admit the Number of Poor Persons of the said Parish, who are proper Objects of Relief, therein: And

Mr. Stallard, being again called in, confirmed the before-mentioned Evidence of Mr. Smith; and added, That the said Wrorkhouse is now held under a Lease which is near expiring: Then

Mr. Smith, being again called in, was examined, and said, That the Church Yard of the said Parish is the only Burial Ground or Cemetery within the said Parish, and is situate very near the Middle of the Town of Richmond — That the same is so very small, that from the Number of dead Bodies which have been buried therein, the Ground is raised more than Two Feet above the original Level, whereby it is become a real and great Nuisance to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and that the same will in a short Time, if not prevented, become very unwholesome and dangerous.

Vol. 40.

Martii. 5

Mr. Stallard then being called in again, confirmed the last mentioned Testimony of Mr. Smith; and being further examined, said, That if further Powers were given, more effectually to put the said Act into Execution, the same would tend to the Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and be of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond\ in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid, and for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein: And that Mr. Ambler and Mr. Gilbert do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Wrottesley reported from the Committee, Trent and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors Mersey Na-of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, was vlgaUoa’ referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being proposed to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized, nor to raise any further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, in the County of Chester; and also an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Coventry, to join the said Wilden Ferry Canal on Fradley Heath; and also another Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford; and also an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Rydei's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and Six Collateral Cuts from the same, to several Coal Mines, and also a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the low'er Part of the Town of Birmingham, were read: And

Joint Sparrow, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Trent and Mersey Canal is completed; and that the said Canal so authorized to be made from Coventry to the Trent and Mersey Canal at Fradley Heath, hath been made and completed from Coventry to Atherstone, in the County of Warwick; and the said Canal authorized to be made from Coventry to Oxford, hath been completed from Coventry to Banbury, but that the other Parts of the said several Undertakings remain yet to be executed — that at a Meeting of certain Delegates from each of the said Canal Companies, held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, on the 20th Day of June 1782, it was proposed and agreed by such Delegates, on the Part of their respective Companies, that, in order to effect a general Communication between the Trent and Mersey Canal and the Oxford and Coventry Canals, and the*

7 U Collieries

Reading Paving, &c.

tt* Marta. 1785.

Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wedritebury and Birmingham, it wou(d be necessary that the Coventry Canal should be completed between Atherstone and Fradley Heath, that the Oxfbi'd Canal Should be completed from Banbury to Oxford, and that the Subscribers to a new-proposed Navigation, described in the Articles of Agreement, should execute a Canal from the said Collieries to Birmingham, and to Faze-ley; and that, the more easily to effect the Communication between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, it was also agreed, that the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal should, by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise, relinquish to the Company of Proprietors of the Trent and Mersey Canal Navigation, and to the Subscribers to such proposed Canal, that Branch of the said Coventry Canal lying between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, and that the same should be executed by them, at their joint Expence; and that when the said Canal between Fazeley and Fradley Heath should be completed, it should be equally divided between, and each Part considered as the separate and distinct Property of, the said Trent and Mersey Canal Company, and the said Subscribers to the new-intended Canal, and be supported accordingly.

And it appeared by the said Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, that the said Agreement was thereby made and declared to be binding on the Company of Proprietors thereby constituted and incorporated, as fully and effectually as if they had been Parties thereto.

And Mr. Sparrow, being again examined, said, That by certain Articles of Agreement made the 29th Day of October 1783, between the said Company of Proprietors of the Trent and Mersey Navigation, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Coventry and Oxford Canal Navigations, the before-mentioned Agreement entered into at Coleshill was, on their respective Parts, ratified and confirmed — That the Company of Proprietors of the Trent and Mersey Canal Navigation are desirous to carry the said Agreement into Execution, but find it cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And he concluded w'ith saying, That the said Two first-mentioned Acts require some Amendment and Alteration.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The 'Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make 'a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County; and to amend ap Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey: And that Sir John Wrottesley and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the severaj Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Acting Commissioners under an Act. for repairing the Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to, Reading, and also under an Act for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn, in Reading, and Punt field, in the County of Btrksy and other Roads, in ijie said Act mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving t,he Footways in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, for cleansing, lighting, and watchipg the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town, and for removing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the- future; apd Setting forth, That there is a Clause in the said Bill, impowering the Commissioners to erect a Turnpike Gate, or Bar, on every public Road leading to the said Town, within One Mile thereof and to take a Toll thereat from

all Passengers, in Manner therein stated, and also, to take an additional Toll at all the present Turnpike Gates within a certain Distance of Reading, at parti- cular Times, which, together, make a very considerable Part of the \ ear, so that a Person, travelling from London to Bath, would, on this Plan, be liable to pay an additional Toll, on each Side of the Town, towards repairing the Footways only, on which he would never step; and that the said Commissioners under the Turnpike Acts already have a Power of lighting that Part of the Town through which the Bath Road leads, and this Power has been by them exercised whenever they have thought proper, and also full Power to cleanse and repair the same; and that there is another public Road leading from London to Bath, through Basingstoke, which is at present used by many People, and possibly many more Travellers may be induced to prefer that Road, if such additional Tolls should be laid on, which would lessen the Securities of those Persons who have advanced Money for the Repair of the said Roads; and that no public Notice has been given of any Intention of erecting new Turnpike Gates, or of laying on the additional Tolls, which the Petitioners always conceive to be necessary on the Renewal or Alteration of any Turnpike Act; and therefore, as Trustees in Behalr of the Persons who have advanced Money on a Security of the present Tolls, and also in Behalf of all Travellers, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such Part of the said Bill, as relates to the said additional Tolls, may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Acting Commissioners, under an Act, made for repairing and widening the Road from Shillingford, in the County of Odford’ through JValtingford and Pangborne to Reading, in the County of Berks, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That there is a Clause therein, impowering the Commissioners to take an additional Toll at all the present Turnpike Gates on the Roads leading to the said Town, and within a certain Distance, at particular Times, which, together, make a very considerable Part of the Year; and Alledging, That the Tolls at the present Turnpike Gate near Reading, are necessarily very high and oppressive to the Traveller, viz. Two Pence for each Horse, and Ten Pence for a Coach, or Chaise and Pair, which are as high as by the said Act can be imposed, and, if those Tolls are raised, Travelling on this Road will be very much discouraged, and the Security to those who have lent Money on it will be greatly endangered, and the Petitioners rendered unable to raise Money to discharge the present Loans, if required; and that no public Notice has ever been given of any Intention of laying on those additional Tolls, which the Petitioners always conceived to be necessary previous to the Alteration of any Turnpike Act, and, if such Notice had been given, most probably those Persons who have advanced Money on the Security of the said Tolls would themselves have petitioned the House; and therefore, as Trustees for such Mortgagees, and for such Persons as necessarily Travel the said Road, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such Part of the said Bill, as relates to the said additional Tolls, may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Low TimbwW Lands, within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Drainage Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

K Anderson

louccster

aol.

Downton

Section.

Perth Roads, kc.

1

25 Geo. III. it0 Martii. 627

Anderson Pelham, Sir John Thorold\ 6cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Page do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol, a House of Correction to be used as a Penitentiary House, and other Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same, was committed.

Mr. Page accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the Double Return for the Borough of Downton, in the County of Wilts, and amend the same, by taking off the File the Return executed by Mr. James Sejie, and erasing from the Return executed by Mr. John Dagge the Name of the Honourable Edward Bouvcrie, and by inserting therein the Name of the Honourable William Seymour Conway. /

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

A Petition of Sir James Campbell, of Aberuquhill, Baronet, Sir William Stirling, oi Ardoch, Baronet, John Francis Erskine, Esquire, of Marr, Robert Graham, Esquire, of Gartmore, James Erskine, Esquire, of Card-ross, George Drummond, Esquire, of Blairdrummond, John Ramsay, Esquire, of Ochterlyre, William Stirling, Esquire, of Keir, and others thereunto subscribing, Freeholders, Justices of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, in the County of Perth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the Bill respecting the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in the County of Perth, the Petitioners presumed to think there were many Things exceptionable, and by no Means expedient or calculated to attain the Purposes proposed by the Bill, yet they agreed to forego their Opinion, in Deference to that of the Majority, except as to One Article, which appeared to them to be of such Importance, as to make it their Duty to state it to the House j the Eighth Clause concludes with a Proviso, " That in case any Person shall think him-<fi self aggrieved by the Lists so made up, it shad " be lawful for him to appeal to the next General " Meeting of the Justices of Peace and Commissioners of Supply, at Michaelmas, or to the Meeting " following, that shall happen within the Space of

" One Year after the making up of such Lists, but

u till such Appeal shall be brought and discussed, " such Lists, so to be made up by the District Meet-

" ings, shall take place and remain to be the Rule,

" and the Determination of such General Meeting shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, without x " any Appeal or Review by any other Court being 4< competent;" by the Twenty-fourth Clause, respecting the shutting up of old Roads, and making new ones, after pointing out the Steps to be taken in such Cases by the General Meeting, and Committee appointed by them, as more particularly mentioned in the Clause, it. is provided, u That- in case any of

Vol. 40.

the said Parties shall think theriiselves iaggrieved " by the Judgment of the kaid Committee thereon, " it shall be lawful for him to appeal to the next u General County Meeting, who shall immediately " hear and determine the same; and in case any of " the said Parties shall be dissatisfied with the Judgment of the said General Meeting thereon, it shall " be competent to them to apply to the Court of " Session for Redress, and, in case the said Court of " Session shall affirm the Judgment of the said General Meeting, they shall award the full Costs of " Suit;" and by the Thirty-ninth Clause, it is provided, " That in case any Person or Persons shall " consider themselves aggrieved by any Thing done " in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy hath been already hereby directed of " appointed, it shall and may be lawful to the said " Person or Persons to appeal for Redress to the " then next General Meeting of the said County, " who are hereby authorized and required, provided " Five Justices of the Peace shall be present, to " take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine such Appeal, and to award such Costs of " Suit as they shall think proper, and their Judgment thereupon shall be final to all Intents and " Purposes, without any Advocation, Suspension, or " Review, by any other Court, being competent;" thus, except as to Questions respecting new or shutting up old Roads, it is meant that the Judgment of the General Meeting, provided Five Justices of the Peace be present, shall be final without Review; and that it is obvious, that in the Execution of this Act many Questions may arise, which may materially affect Property, and be extremely interesting both to Individuals and to the Public, it appears therefore to the Petitioners to be a Matter of the most serious Concern, to guard, as much as possible* against a partial Execution of the various Powers thereby conferred, and, for this Purpose, that the Proceedings of the General Meetings should, in all Cases, be subject to the Controul of the Court of Session; and that the Petitioners consider that a Gra?* dation of Judicatory is the best Expedient for preserving pure the Fountains of Justice; in other Questions of Civil Right it is open to every Individual, who may think himself injured by the Decree of an inferior Judge, to apply to the Supreme Court for Redress; this is a Constitutional Privilege belonging alike to all Orders of Men, a Privilege which the Petitioners would not wish to forego for themselves, and which, as charged with the Interests of those who may come after them, and of the County at large, they do not think they are entitled to surrender; and that at the Era of the Resolution it was thought necessary, by the Claim of Rights, to secure to the Subject the Right of appealing to the Parliament of Scotland, from the Judgments of the Court of Session, though that may, in general, be supposed to consist of Jbdges in every Respect the best qualified in the Kingdom; if it be supposed that even the Decrees of that Court may be charged with Error or Injustice, the Petitioners cannot see any Reason for concluding that, especially in a Country so extensive, and of which those in the Commission of the Peace must be so numerous, a Court consisting of any Five Justices of the Peace, should be less fallible; on the contrary, besides the Infirmities of Passion and Caprice, incident to them, in common with other Men, the Petitioners should apprehend, that, from being more exposed to the Influence of local Prejudice, of Connection with the Parties, and of personal Interest, it would be essentially necessary that their Judgments should be subject to the Controul of a superior Jurisdiction: In these Sentiments the Petitioners are confirmed by the Experience of other Counties, who have obtained Statutes upon the Plan of the present Bill, as far as the Petitioners have been able to learn or observe,

the

Mel ton Wow-bray Roads.

Horsham, &c. Roads.

Leave of Absence.

Beverley

Road.

Blackfriars

Bridge.

628 11° Martii. 1785.

the''Exclusion of the Controul of the Court of Session has, in many Instances served only to secure complete Effect to Injustice and Oppression; and the Distinction made in the Bill, it is presumed, will not merit the Approbation of the House: The Cases in which the Review of the Court of Session is admitted, are those in which Persons of Property may be supposed to be chiefly concerned: The Cases in which the Review of that Court is excluded, are those which may be supposed more immediately to interest the lower Classes of People, though these are certainly entitled to every legal Remedy which the highest enjoy: And therefore, for these Reasons, the Petitioners hope, that the House will be of Opinion, that the Bill ought not to pass, except with a Proviso, that, in every Case, the Proceedings of the General Meetings of the County shall be subject to the Review of the Court of Session.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Pei'th, is committed.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Reeding Hilly and from Steyning to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Reeding Hill, and from Steyning to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Aldridge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Robinson have Leave to go the Home Circuit

Sir Christopher Sykes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Reverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alder, men, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; mid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackfriars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side, in the County of Surrey, and to make Ways and Passages to and from the same, on each Side of the said River; and also an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for completing the said Bridge, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side of the said River, were read; by which last mentioned Act it appeared, that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, were empowered to embank a certain Part of the North Side of the said River, within the Limits therein described, and for the Purpose of providing a Fund to defray the Expences of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing the said Bridge, when built, that they were also empowered to charge the Ground to be obtained by the said Embankment with certain Quit Rents to arise therefrom.

Mr. Robert Milne, Surveyor, being then examined, said, That the said Bridge and Embankment are completed, as directed and required by the said Acts - — That the Produce of the Fund arising by virtue of the said Acts, and thereby made applicable to the Support and Maintenance of the said Bridge, and of the lighting, watching, and cleansing thereof, amounts to no more than One hundred and Seventy-five Pounds per Annum; but that there are some other small Pieces of Ground, at present under Dispute, which, if let by the City of London, may form an Addition to the said Fund of about Ten Pounds per Annum: And he produced to your Committee an Estimate of the Expence of watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge, by which it appeared that the Annual Charge thereof will be Five hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds and upwards. — And being further examined, he said, that all the Particulars of the said Estimate, except the Watering, are expressly directed to be done by the said Acts of Parliament, and that the Calculations are formed upon a Plan of performing the said Works, in such a Manner as will be but barely sufficient for the Safety and Accommodation of the Public. — And being further examined, he said, it is apprehended that a Sunday Toll, on Carriages and Horses passing over the said Bridge, would be the most eligible Way of obtaining an Income sufficient to make up the Deficiency of the present Fund applicable to the above-mentioned very useful and necessary Purposes; and that the Passage to and from London, over the said Bridge, is the only Avenue to the Metropolis at which a Sunday Toll is not paid at this Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carnages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike to be erected at or near Blackfriars Bridge, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge: And that Mr. Alderman Watson,

Mr. Alderman Newnham, and Sir Joseph Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common or ^tinted Pastures, Wolds, Ings, Sands, Meadow Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding

of

.25 Geo. III.

ii° Ma

of the County of York; frithodt toy Amendment: And also,

’ fierby, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, initituled, An Hoad. Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, - passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, " Ah " Act for repairing and widening the Road from ,i€ Derby to Mansfield, in the county of * Nottingham, " and several other Roads therein mentioned;" without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Liverpool Mr. Gascoyne; Junior, reported from the Committee Dock, &c. to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled, and also of several Merchants, Owners and Masters of Ships and Vessels trading to and from the said Port and Harbour of Liverpool, and of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Liverpool, whose Common Seal, and Names, are thereunto affixed and subscribed, was referred;. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and; *.. hb read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Third of George the First, the Eleventh of George the Second, and the Second of His present Majesty, for making a convenient Dock, or Bason, at Liverpool, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpool; and for continuing the Duties by the first-mentioned Act granted for that ^Purpose, were read. And,

Richard Gterard, Esquire, being examined, said, ^That the several 'Works by the said Acts authorized and directed to be performed, have been executed, and have greatly tended to the Advancement of Trade* and the Security of Shipping — That the Trade of the said Town has of late Years greatly increased, and that the Ships and Vessels, using the said Port of Liverpool, are*: more numerous than they formerly were; and that the Three Wet Docks, and the Dry Pier, already built in the said Harbour, are not sufficient for the Ships and Vessels coming therein to lade and unlade; and that it is necessary to erect One or more additional Wet Dock or Docks, with proper Piers, and other Works, for the Accommodation of Shipping within the said Port.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, and the Lord Penrhyn, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

East India The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Affair. the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Statements of the Salaries and Emoluments belonging to the several Offices and Appointments under the General Department, Revenue Department, and Commercial Department, in Bengal, in the Years 1782 or 1783, compared with their Amount in 1776; also, an Abstract, shewing the Increase of the Establishments in 1782 or 1783: And also,

N° 2. Mr. Barnard's Survey of the Company’s ’ Jaghire in The Carnatic: And also,

' N° 3. Extract of a Letter from Mr. T, Barnard,

Chief Engineer to the Governor and Council at Fort Saint George, relating to a Survey of Inaum Lands,

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Vol. 40.

And then'he withdrew. *

' ' And the said List was read. l . .:

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. - *

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Thomas Oom, Oom’s Nat* Charles Frederick Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbert, w as read the Third Time; »

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Thomas Oom, Charles Fre- ~ J

derick Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbert.

Ordered, That Mr. CWZ do can y the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Samuel Flower Freeman, Esquire, was Saint Mary presented,to the House, and read; Taking Notice of Magdalen, the Bill for better paving, widening, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Yards* Courts; ’ Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Suirey, called The Waterside Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for lighting and watching such Part of the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the County of Kent, as lies within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish, and for other Purposes; And setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Owner of a certain Mill Pond and Mill, called Saint Saviours Mill, situate within the said Division of the said Parish, which Mill was erected long before any Houses were, built in its Neighbourhood, the Owners whereof have, for Time immemorial, exercised a Right of casting the Mud and Dirt out of the said Mill Pond upon the Banks adjoining thereto, and the same has, from,

Time to Time, been removed by the Parish, or by the Inhabitants of Houses near the said Mill Pond* whenever any Obstructions have been occasioned thereby; and that the Petitioner finds there is a Clause in the said Bill which compels him, within a certain Time, to cause to be removed any Soil, Mud, or Dirt, which shall at any Time hereafter be thrown or cast out of the said Mill Pond; and that there are other Parts of the said Bill, which, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Property, and that he may have such Relief therein as, upon Examination, shall appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to w hom the said Bill is committed.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from, Scotland — the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- Imports from tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at Ireland* the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Goods on which higher Duties are imposed on the Importation from other Countries than from Ireland, with the Quantities from each imported for the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year; viz, from the 5th of January 1779 to the5th of January 1784, being as far as the same can he made up.

And then he withdrew.

7 X And

Wykeham, &c. Inclosure.

Adjourn-

ment.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

%to Martti.

A. 11785.

And the Title of the said Atmw&MZXWd-Ordered, Tfyat the said Account do tie upw the Tahfe, ,$0 r\&-perused byrtlje Members gfi1 the Doas*.

Ordered, That so<?b a Number of Copies of foe isaid Account lie (printed, as -shall ^sufficient for ithe Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other JP&pers of this Session.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to -Order, a Sill for dividing and inclosing foe several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Wykeliam and Rust on, in the Manor of fVykeham, in the North Riding at' the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. *

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of foe Hquse this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, so whom it was referred, upon Wednesday last, to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That die said Report be now received.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as felloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be advanced to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading into The Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting the said Company in carrying on their Trade.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Steele also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move* that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

liesolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

7

sA Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturer, and others, resident in the Town and NeighbooFhood of Manmester, was presented to the 'House, wetnd read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners presume, with &11 Humility, to express how much they are alarmed 4it the Propositions, which have been lately 'mowed in the House, respecting foe Commercial hitercourse between Great Britain ond Ireland, which, as they conceive, Vwffi, if passed into a Law, most essentially injure foe Commerce and Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That they may be beard, in Support of their Petition, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of ;the whole Mouse, to whom it is referred to consider further 6f so mudh of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Inten. course between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of tlieic Petition* if they think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Hereditary Revenue of the Kingdom of Ireland, for Thirty Years, from Lady Day 1754 to Lady Day 1784; also, of the additional Duties and Stamp DutieB, for Ten Years, from Lady Day 1774 to Lady Day 1784; dis*-tinguishing each Year, with foe Charges and Payments affecting foe said Hereditary Revenue, additional Duties* and Stamp Duties: And also.

An Account of the Gross Produce of the Hereditary Revenue of Ireland, for Thirty Years, from Lady Day 1754 to Lady Day 1784; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Duty: And also.

An Account of the several Charges arid Payment affecting the Hereditary Revenue Of Ireland, for Thirty Years, from Lady Day 1754 to Lady Day 1784; distinguishing the said several Charges and Payments in each Year-: And also,

An Account of the Grow Produce* of the additional Duties in Ireland, for Ten Years, from Lady Day 1774 to Lady Day 1784; distinguishing each Year, and the Produce of each Duty: And also, x An Account of the Gross Produce of foe Stamp Duties, with the Charges and Payments ftffeeforg the same, for Ten Years, from the Commencement fit Lady Day 1774 to Lady Day 1784; distinguishing each Year.

And the Tites of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon foe Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houste, Ordered, That-such a Number of Copies of the'Sttid Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for foe Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty*s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of ParHatnent* upon the 25th Day of Januaty last; as* relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Lunnoore have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, on his private Afikirs.

And then the House adjourned titt ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Revenue of Ireland.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Leave of Absence.

«5 Geo. III.

'l^Martti. 63 Y

Ordered\ ttat tfee'said Bill^e read a Second Time

LuncBj 14° die $Iartn;

Anno 25* Georgii III,a Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

MR. Lvdeddn Eovelkn ‘imported from the Committee to Whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, ILartdo'whers, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, arid others, residing in the County of Berks, was deferred; That the Comriiittee had exairiined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April *7^4* relative to Navigation Bills, had brien complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, arid had directed hirii to report the sairie, hs it appeared to them, to the House; arid he fead the Repbrt in his place; rind afterwrirdfe delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; ’vim.

To prove the Allegations of the Said Petition, Mr. Robert Whitworth being examined, said, That although divefs Atts of Parliament have at- various Tilfaes been prissed for improving the Navigation of the River Tkdriie?, or Isis, little or no Amendment hath been made in that Part thereof which extends from Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, to Abingdon, in the County of BMcs; ttirit lie hid lately surveyed the said River Tkadids within the District above described, and explored the Country between those Two Towns, and fount} that thteire are many riritorril Impediments, which must ever render the said River Thames, between Sjcac blade rind Abingdon, incapable of being made a ririife, certain, expeditious, rerisbhrible, arid beneficial Navigation; that all thfe Advantages that would arise ffbin such a perfect Navigation might be obtained by forming a Carial from a Place at or near Abingdon, to eolnmumcate with the Thantcs and Sevei'n Carial, now fhakrng by virtue of an Act of Parliament, at or near Inglisham, in the County of Berks, arid 2Cernpsford, in (he County of Gloucester.

Christopher Chambers, Esquire, being then examined, said, That the making of such a Canal would not only be advantageous to stfch Individuals as have strenuously engaged in the Accomplishment of that Undertaking, but Wfotild also in a great Degree increase the WoOlleri Mrinufacture, promote the Circulation of Trade, by rCdu’cing the Price and expediting the Carriage of Gobds, between the Port of London and the principal trading Towns of the Kingdom, and would likewise imprb^e the Landed Interest, be a great Relief to the Poor, tend so; the Preservation of the public Roads, and be of general public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ritaking and maintaining a Navigable Cabal from the River jthtfmcs, dt* Isis, neat* the Town of Abingdon, in the County of B'etks, to join and comnninicdte with the Line Of the Thtimes arid Setcrn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the Cotmty of Gloucester: And that MV. Loveden Loveden, Sir. Pye, Mr. Bastard', and Mr. Robert Burton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Reports, Papers, and Phillips' Accounts, which have been made or presented to this House in any former Session of Parliament, relative to the Powder invented by Henry Phillips, for destroying Insects on Board Ships, be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of Henry Phillips, of Knight abridge, is referred.

Provision

Preservation.

The House being informed that ^fr.t %(ontagu^ from Accounts the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, attended.

at the Door; ha was called in j and, : at the jfojy pre* of ^nde0rDtln sen ted to the Hou§e, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament, k , jl( # ...ti

An Account of the Surplus of the FunckfQr Jtjie Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of fuly 1784: And also,; '

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for building and completing Blackfriars Bridge, from the 28th Day of September 1783, exclusive, to the 18th December 1784* inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, for embanking Part of the North (Side of the River Thames, and for lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge, from the 28th September 1783, exclusive to the 28th September 1784, inclusive; And also,

An Account of Money, received and paid by. the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Moorjklds to Bishopsgate Streep &c. from the 28th September 1783, exclusive, to the 28th September 1784, inclusive: Arid

also, i < . ... f ^....

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the Cjty of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling, the Mayor, Aldermen, #apd Commons of the said City to purchase the present Tolls and Dirties payable for navigating upon the River Thames, and for laying a small Toll in lieu thereof, from the 28th September 1783, exclusive, to the 28th September 1784, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging* amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the said City, and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, &c. within the said City and Liberty aforesaid, from the 28th September 1783, exclusive, to the 28th September 1784, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of Three Acts for re-building His Majesty’s Gaol of Neuy gate, within the said City, from the 16th March 1784, exclusive, to the 26th January 1785, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

lgdon The House Was moved, That the Order made upon igatioc. the 4th Day of this Instant March, for reading a Se-crihd Time, To-niorrow, the Bill for paving the Footways in the Towh of Redding, in the County of Berks; for cleansing; lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passes, arid Places, in the said Town; and for reriioring Entroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, might bfc read.

Arid the1 sdid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, Thrit the said Order be discharged.'

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, for the Recovery of his Absence. Health.

Mr. Penruddocke presented to the House, according Foffont, &c. to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Inclosure. Common Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Fojfont, Swallowclift, Ebesborne Wake, Broadchalk,

Bower chalk, Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,

Egleston

Inclosure.

Gloucester

Gaol.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Callington

Inclosure.

Ashill

Inclosure.

I)e Luc’s Nat.

British

Fisheries.

14° Martii.

-^1785.

Resolved, That the Bill be. read a Second Time.

Mr. Tempest presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Egleston, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

« An ingrossed Bill for building a new Gaol, a House of Correction to be used as a Penitentiary House, and other Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same; was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and certain new Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading from Callington, in the County of " Cornwall," and for w idening and repairing the Road leading from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Parish of Stoke Climsland, and also the Road from Pen-terscross; in the Parish of PUtaton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Andrew De Luc; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension; and report the same, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Dundas, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Dempster, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Holdsworth, Mr. Wyndham, the Marquis of Graham, Sir Thomas Dundas, Mr. Ord, Mr. Gordon, Mr. Gilbert, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Drake, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Phipps, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Buller, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Eliot, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Eden, Mr. Brett, Mr. Villkrs, Mr. Hopkins, Mr, Beaufoy, Mr. Pratt, the Lord Penrhyn, the Lord Arden, Mr. Levison Gower, the Lord Apsley, Mr. Neville, General Burgoyne, the Lord Muncaster, Sir John Rous, Mr. Sa-muet Thornton, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Steward; and all the Members w ho serve for North Britain, and for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essev, Kent, Sussex, Hants, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, Carnarvon, Anglesea, Flint, Denbigh, Chester, Lancas-

ter, Westmoreland, and Cumberland’, and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send foi> Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Whitby, &c. whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers Hoad, of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Or* Exeter foor, der, a Bill to render more effectual several Acts of Par-? &c-liament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the i Purposes of the said Acts into Execution: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of most of the Guardians of the Poor in Ditto, the City and County of the City of Exon, and Payers to the Poor Rates there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Members of a Body Corporate, styled. The Governor Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor in the City and County of the City of Exon, and the said Corporation have incurred a very considerable Debt in the Execution of their Trust, and are under the Necessity of applying to the House for Relief; and that a great Number of the mpst respectable Inn habitants, and others, Payers to tire Poor Rates for the said City and County, have testified their Approbation of the Conduct of the said Corporation, both in their general Management of the Poor, and in framing the Bill now presented to the House; and the Petitioners, although Members of the said Body Corporate, yet, as Individuals, are equally interested, in the Progress of the said Bill, with others, Payers to the Poor Rates: And therefore praying, That the same may be passed into a Law.

A Petition of the Inhabitants, and others, Payers to the Poor Rates of the City and County of the*

City of Exon, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Poor of the said City and County have been under the Care and Management of a certain Body Corporate, styled, The Gover~ nor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Pool', ever since the Year 1698; and that the said Corporation arc, at present, under the Necessity of applying to Parliament, to enable them to discharge a very considerable Debt, incurred in the Execution of their Trust; and, the Petitioners are well satisfied with the Conduct of the said Corporation, and that the Bill now presented to the House, appears to the Petitioners to be well adapted to answer the most beneficial Purposes: And therefore praying, That the same may be. passed into a Law, .

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Eill to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for

erecting

Liverpool

Docks.

Earl Dm-don^ld's Tar-making.

as Geo. III. .14 ° MarHi.633

erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the; City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there;

and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into ~ Execution, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool: And the same was received; and read the First.Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Archibald Earl of Dundonald* was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and , is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent, granted in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under the Great Seals of England and Scotland respectively, securing to the Petitioner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Privilege and Authority of making, using, exercising, and vending, within Great Britain, for the Term of Fourteen Years, his Invention of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Coal, were produced to your Committee: And,

Dr. Bryan Higgins being examined, was asked, Whether he had attended to Lord Dundonald's Method of extracting Tar and Pitch, and what was his Opinion of the Benefit to be derived therefrom by the Public ? who said, That he had not seen the actual Process on the great Scale, but he was informed by a Model, and by considering the Principles of the Process, that it is a considerable Improvement, superior to any of the Methods by which Mineral Pitch or Tar has been heretofore extracted — That he conceives the Process to be simple and easy, and to promise the greatest Produce, with the smallest Expenditure of the Fuel.

And being asked, Whether he knew that Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, have been extracted from Pit Coal by Lord Dundonald's Method ? he said, All the Sea Coal that he has ever known yields Oil, which, by Rectification, may be divided into a fine Oil and Pitch, and at the same . Time yields Volatile Alkali, which is a valuable Article.

And being asked, Whether this Tar is superior to the Foreign Vegetable Tar? he said, From general Principles he infers that it is superior to Vegetable Tar in Duration, and the Preservation of Timber, because it is less poluble in Water, resists Menstrua generally with greater Force, penetrates the Wood more freely, and seems in drying to acquire a firmer Consistency. — Then,

Mr. John Hall, Master of the Swan Tender, was called, and asked. Whether he had made use of the Coal Tar, as prepared by Lord Dundonald? he answered, That in November 1782 the Sxvan Tenders Bottom was payed $ith it at Dundee, after an Hour's Boiling, to bring it to a proper Consistence, without the Addition of Pitch — That the Swan has been Two Voy-agesto Shetland; Twice to Plymouth; Twice to Mcmcl, in the Baltic; Once from London to Alloa; from whence she returned to London again, where she now is — That she was afloat during that whole Time, except Twice, to examine her Bottom, when the Stuff was found perfectly firm, and still continues so — That after Vo l. 40. J

the Stuff had been on the Bottom Twelve Months, it was covered with Barnacles, which were easily removed by Brooms, without affecting it — That on Tuesday last, the 8th March, he examined her Bottom, in the Presence of Captain Shanks of the Navy, and several other Gentlemen, and found, by taking a Chip off the Plank with the Stuff, to the Depth of nearly a Quarter of an Inch, that the Wood was perfectly fresh and dry, and there was no Appearance of any Worm having penetrated into it.

And being asked, Whether the Ship, since she was payed with this Stuff, had lain any Time in the Medway ? he said. She had lain there, at different Times, in all about Three Months.

And being asked, If he knew that Ships Bottoms are apt to suffer more by the Worm in the Medway than in any other Part of the Coast of Great Britain ? he said, The Minerva Tender, built in 1776, except Two Voyages in the Coal Trade,1 was chiefly employed at Sheerness, and in the Medway — That in Two Years she was so much worm-eaten, that she was with Difficulty kept afloat, and was obliged to be sheathed; since which the Sheathing is much eat, though properly payed for the Purpose with Turpentine, White Lead, and Rosin.

And being asked, Whether he thought the Minerva would have suffered so much if she had been upon any other Part of the Coast of Great Britain ? he said, From the Experience he has had, he thinks there is 110 Port in Great Britain where the Worm does so much Damage as in the Medway.

And being asked, Whether, upon the Whole, from his Experience, he thought that the Tar prepared by Lord Dundonald was preferable to the usual Mode of paying Ships Bottoms? he said, The Experiment tried on the Swans Bottom confirmed him in the Belief that it is preferable; not only on Account of its Duration, but, that a less Quantity of Coal Tar covers more Space, from the Smoothness of its Quality, than the usual Mixture, and makes Stuff without the Addition of Pitch.

And being asked, Whether, when the Bottom of the Swan was last examined, there was enough of Stuff remaining upon it to prevent the Wood from Injury ? he said, Except where it had been rubbed off by Lighters, Boats, and other Accidents, there now remains a sufficient Quantity to preserve the Bottom.

And being asked, Whether that would have been the Case if the Ship had been payed in November 1782, in the common Way, with Vegetable Tar and Pitch? he said, As the Barnacles have been Twice scraped off, he presumes the Stuff would have come off had she been payed in the common Mode; and that he knows no Instance of a Ship, payed in the common Mode, having lasted so long in good Order as the Swan has — That Ships bound on IVcst India Voyages generally have their Bottoms payed in the qommon Mode every Voyage, which seldom exceeds Nine Months; and that if the same Number of Voyages he had made in the Swan had been made by a Ship payed in the old Way, she must have been payed about Three Times.

And being asked, What was the Condition of his Ship’s Bottom when first payed writh Coal Tar? he said, For Eighteen Months previous to the paying she had not been upon the Ground; that the Weed, on her Bottom was Fourteen Feet long, with a Number of Muscles as close as possible to her Bottom — That he has not discovered One Weed or Muscle since the Stuff' wras first laid on, nor any Thing but Barnacles, which were rubbed off without affecting the Stuff, as before mentioned.

And being asked, Whether there was any considerable Difference of Expence between paying with Coal Tar, and the other Stuff usually made use of? he said, It wotfld require Two Barrels and a Half of 7 Y Vegetable

140 Martii. A. 1785.

Earl Dun- Vegetable1 Tar, dritf 6hfc <rf Piteh; so phy' the The Mcmwrafcte Jafo Goekrm informed* your Com-

donaltfs Tar- Bottom and Bends, and that Two Barrels of the Coal ffiittee, That he knows1 Lord Bwubndid's Mairs are making. ^ar would cover the same Space; so that in the Three exceedingly embarrassed, and that they do mat by any Times paying, which the Ship worild have required in Means adafirit of his carrying, on the above Works the ordinary Way, it would have taken Seven Barrels and himself.

a Half of Vegetable Tar, and Three of Pitch; whereas Ordered’ That Leave be given to1 bring in a Bill for

Two Barrels of Coal Tar has been sufficient for the same vesting in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors,

Time. Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property

And being asked, If he had used the Coal Tar on of a Method of extracting or makingTar, Pitch, Essential the Weather Work? he said, The Stoaris Top Sides Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Ginderfc, were tarred with it, and appeared very fresh during from Pit Coal, throughout His Majesty’^ Dominions, for Twelve Months; that it would have lasted longer, but a limited Time: And that Sir Adant Fergusson, the Lord the Master chose to have it taken riff, to give her a bright Beauchamp, and Sir Thomas Dundas9 do prepare, and Side. bring in, the same.

Your Committee also examined Captain John Shanks of the Navy, who said, That he had seen the Bot- The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Excise, trim of the Swan Tender, a few Days ago, arid found Commissioners of Excise in Scotland', attended at the Scotland, her Bottom smooth, and clear of every Thing, ex- Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to cept some Places where she had been rubbed by the House, pursuant to their Order,

Boats. A Return of the several Outgoings and Deductions

And being asked, If he had formed any Opinion of from the Gross Amount of the Excise, for the Year the Quality of Lord Dundonald'* Tar? he said, It ending Midsummer 1784, distinguished under their

applies very Close to the Wood, and fills up the Pores, several Heads, with the Amount of each, so as to

0 that no Water can get in; that he does not think it account for the Difference between the said Gross penetrates far in, but he has only seen it applied to Oak. Amount, and the Net Produce paid into the Exr — Then, chequer.

Mr. George Dyer, a Merchant in London, was called, And then he withdrew, and asked, Whether he had had an Opportunity of And the Title of the said Return was read, examining Lord Dundonald'* Works? he answered, Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table,

That Application has been made to him to take up to be perused by the Members of the House, this Business on Commission, under a Condition to The said Return is preserved amongst the other advance a certain Sum of Money; and Calculations Papers of this Session,

were put into his Hands, of the probable Profits that

would accrue; in consequence of which he went The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Stetland — down to Culross, and examined the whole Process, the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotlaiid, at- Taxes> both as to the Mode of extracting the Coal Tar, and tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the {^poi^, &c. converting the Volatile Alkali into Sal Ammoniac — Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Or-That during his Stay there he made such Calcula- ders,

tions that he is ready to take up the Business, and is An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes

fully convinced that it will answer — That he has not under the Management of the Commissioners of the

at present any Interest in the Works, and does not Customs in Scotland, from Michaelmas 1783 to Mi-believe that Lord Dundonald has hitherto reaped any chaelmas 1784; together with the Total: And also,

Profits from them. An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes

And being asked, Whether a large Advance of under the Management of the Commissioners of the Money would be necessary to enable Lord Dundonald Salt Duty in Scotland, from Michaelmas 1783 to to carry on the Works to Advantage? he said, To Michaelmas 1784? together with the Total: And make Tar sufficient for the Consumpt of the King- also,

dom, which is computed at 100,000 Barrels, for the An Account of the Exports and Imports between Purposes for which the Coal Tar is preferable, he Scotland and Ireland, for Five Years, ending the 5th of believes it will require from 35 to £.40,000 — January 1784; distinguishing each Year, and the several That he is not ready to advance that Money, except Articles: And also,

a Prolongation of the Patent is obtained; and, from the An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of Duties

Calculations he has made, he does not think it is probable on all Goods imported into that Part of Great Britain that Lord Dundonald will get any other Person to advance called Scotland, for the Year ending Michaelmas last: the necessary Money, without a Prolongation of the And also,

PatenL A Return of the several Outgoings and Deductions

And being asked, If he proposed to advance the whole from the Gross Amount of the Customs in Scotland,

Money himself ? he said, The Company of which he was for the Year ending Michaelmas 1784, distinguished a Partner meant to advance the Money as it should be under their several Heads, with the Amount of each, called for. so as to account for the Difference between the said

And being asked, If he knew how far Lord Dundonald Gross Amount and the Net. Produce paid into the himself was in a Situation to advance the necessary Exchequer.

Money? he said, From a State of his Lordship’s And then he withdrew.

Affairs which he had seen, he was confident that he And the Titles of the said Accounts and Return were

is not read.

And the Witness being asked, If he was acquaint- Ordered, That the said Accounts and Return do liq ed with Chymical Processes? he said, He \Vas not; upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the

but the Ground of his Confidence arose from a Con- House.

versation he has had with Mr. TVilliani Menish, the Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the

principal Chymist in London, on the particular Sub- Three First of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be ject; and he is persuaded that it will be necessary in sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

the Prosecution of this Business to make Sal Ammoniac, The said Accounts and Return ate preserved

Glauber, and Epsom Salts, which grow out of the amongst the other Papers of this Sefssion.

Coal Tar, and if not taken into the Calculation, will

make a Difference of Seven Shillings per Barrel in the Mr. Steele, according to Order, repotted froiti the Ways and Value. — Arid, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Means.

5 referred

Elections — Bribery and Expence.

Elections —

County

Votes.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

25 Geo. III. 140 — 15 635

deferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward Janies Eliot, Mr. Aubrey% Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And that the Lord Mahon and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections: And that the Lord Mahon and Mr. Dun-combe do prepare, and bring in, the same. *

A Petition of the Callico Manufacturers and Printers of the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Counties adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are exceedingly alarmed at the Resolutions brought before the House relating to the Commercial Regulations betwixt Great Britain and Ireland, which, if carried into Effect, they have no Doubt will, in their Consequences, be greatly injurious to the Commerce and Manufactures of this Country; and that the principal Part of the Expence in the various Articles of the Cotton and Callico Manufacture, together with the Printing, consists in the Price of Labour, which is greatly enhanced by the many heavy Taxes with which this Country is burthened, and the People of Ireland being, in a great Measure, free from Taxes, the Price of Labour is consequently very low; and that, to cany on the same Extent of Business in this Country as in Ireland, a much greater Capital will be required, on Account of the Difference in the Price of Labour, and the very heavy Duties on the Bleaching and Printing Cotton Goods; from these Considerations the Petitioners have sufficient Reason to fear that this valuable Branch of Manufacture, which at present is computed to employ upwards of Five hundred thousand People, will be immediately very much injured, and the Consumption of this Country will in Time be wholly supplied by the Manufactures of Ireland; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive that no Duties laid on the Importation of Irish Manufactures will be a sufficient Security to the British Manufacturer, as it is well known that high Duties continually operate as an Inducement to smuggle: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same into Consideration, and prevent those Resolutions from passing into a Law; and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, in Support of the Allegations contained in this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, Vo t. 40.

to whom it is referred. to consuler further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland', and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs and Excise do attend the said Committee, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which, upon the 23d Day of February last, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, hot exceeding Forty-two thousand and Thirty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for ' "

liament, in One thousand Seven hundred and four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Fifty thousand Eight hundred and Twenty Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

That the said Report be re-committed;

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally puc thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Eighty-

Mart is, 15* die Martii; Anno 250 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1785.

Pea yers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Seaforf tion the Petition of the several Persons whose Elwiioo. Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port of Scaford, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of the Honourable Lewis Thomas Watson, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and Port, being come;

Prixes in

Penobscot

Expedition.

636 15 Martiuif 1785.

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Twenty-four Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked; die Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of alb the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Name of Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twenty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of William Young, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twenty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-six other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Six, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Ten, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Ten, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir George Collier, Knight, late Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Fleet in America, together with the Captains, whose Names are thereunder signed, in Behalf of themselves, and others, and also of the Officers and Men under their Command, on the late Expedition to Penobscot, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Gazette Extraordinary, published by Authority, dated the 24th of September 1779, was produced, and read, whereby it appeared, that the said Sir George Collier had, by a Letter to Philip Stephens, Esquire, dated from on Board the Reasonable^ in Penobscot Bay9 August 20th, 1779, given Information to the Lords of the

Admiralty, that in consequence of his having received certain Information that His Majesty’s Garrison at Penobscot was besieged by a considerable Rebel Armament of Troops and Ships from Boston, he had proceeded with the Squadron to the Relief of the Place, and had taken, blown up, and destroyed the whole Fleet, not a single Vessel of any Kind having escaped — That General Lowell, who commanded the Rebel Army, and Commodore Saltonstall the Fleet, had fixed on the said 20th of August to have made a general Assault on the Fort and Ships, which the Appearance of His Majesty’s Squadron had happily prevented — That such of their Army and Sailors as had escaped were then exploring their Way through thick Woods and desart Wastes, and that he had enclosed a List of the Rebel Fleet, as follows: .

Warren - - 32 Guns (18 and 12 Pounders)

Monmouth - - 24 Guns blown up. ditto.

Vengeance - 24 Guns ditto.

Putnam - - - 22 Guns ditto.

Sally - - - - 22 Guns ditto.

Hampden 20 Guns taken.

Hector - - - 20 Guns blown up.

Hunter - - - 18 Guns taken.

Black Prince - - 18 Guns blown up.

Sky Rocket - - 16 Guns ditto.

Active - - BRIGS. - 16 Guns blown up.

Defence - - 16 Guns ditto.

Hazard - - - 16 Guns ditto.

Diligence - - - 14 Guns ditto.

Tyrannicide - - 14 Guns ditto.

Providence Sloop - 14 Guns ditto.

Armed Schooner, Spring Bird, 12 Guns, burnt.

Nancy, 16 Guns, bound on a Cruize, but Captured by the Greyhound on the Passage to Penobscot.

Rover, 10 Guns, bound also on a Cruize, but Captured by the Galatea, on the Passage to Penobscot.

Together with 24 Sail of Ships and Vessels as Transports, all burnt. — Some Provision Vessels taken.

And it also appeared^ by a Copy of the Proceedings of the State of Massachusets Bay, attested by their Deputy Secretary, also inserted in the said Gazette Extraordinary, that on the 3d of July 1779, it was resolved in the Council Chamber at Boston, that the Committee appointed to inlist Men for the Manning of the Ships and Vessels destined on the Expedition to Penobscot should be impowered and directed to publish and proclaim to all Persons inclined to take Part in the Penobscot Expedition, that the State would not directly or indirectly share any Part of any Armed Vessels or Ships, or Transport or other Vessel, which* might be Captured by the Fleet destined to Penobscot, or by any Vessel thereto belonging, and that the Share which might accrue to that State should enure to the Captors, and be shared amongst them — And that the Embargo laid by the General Court for Forty Days should peremptorily be construed for that Term, unless the said Expedition to Penobscot should be finished, and that if it should so happen that the said Expedition to Paiobscot should not then be terminated, the Board would continue the said Embargo, as Necessity would require it, till the said Expedition should be ended, or the General Court meet; and that the said Committee were directed to publish that Resolve, that no Seaman, or other Person, might neglect to put himself into such an advantageous Business as the Penobscot

Expedition,

ag Geo. III.

15* Ma

6n

Expedition, under the delusive Idea that as soon as the Penobscot Fleet should sail, all Ships and Vessels would be permuted to put to Sea.

Your Committee then examined Thomas Goldthwayte,

Esquire, who said, That on the 12th of June 1779, at which Time General Maclean arrived at Penobscot, he the Witness was Governor of Fort Pownal, and commanded the Militia of the District from Kcmebeck River to River St. Croix, the Boundary Line between Nova Scotia and Massackuset's Bay. And he produced to your Committee an Extract from his Diary of Occurrences and Proceedings, made at the above Time, whereby it appeared, that on the 24th of July the Enemy’s Fleet, consisting of near 40 Sail, appeared before the Mouth of Penobscot Harbour:

That the Witness and other Persons on Shore had, from the Heights, a complete View of all the Enemy’s Proceedings, and of the subsequent Defeat, Destruction, or Capture, by the Squadron under Sir George Colliers Command, of the whole Fleet, amounting to more than 40 Ships and Vessels, which were all taken or destroyed, not a single Ship escaping. — — That he shewed this List to the said Commissioner, And being further examined, he said, He always and several other Persons, with the View of enquiring conceived the Number of Seamen on Board the whether it was accurate, and that the Information he said Fleet to be nearer 3,000 than 2,000 — That the got was, that, to a Certainty, there were more Men Number of Troops that besieged the Garrison he than are therein set down — That One of the Ships, computed at 1,500, besides the Men belonging to either the Monmouth or the Vengeance, stated in the the Ships — That it had been learnt from Deserters, said List at 24 Guns, he had been well assured, during the said Siege, that the Number, all together, carried 28 — That there being a great Expectation of

Warren - - 32 Guns. 280 !

Vengeance - - 24 — 200

Monmouth - - 24 — 200

Putnam - 22 — 180

Sally - 22 — 180

Hampden - - 22 — 180

Providence - - - 14 — 125

Spring Bird - - 12 — 120

Diligent - - 14 — 130

Hazard - l6 — 150

Sky Rocket - - 18 — 160

Black Prince - - - 18 — 150

Hector - - 20 — 160

Tyrannicide - m - 14 — 130

Defence - l6 — 130

Huntw - - 20 — 160

Active - m 16 — 130

\ 324 2,745

25=2= *==

was at first 3,400 — That the Inhabitants said there were not less than 4,000-^-That the Rebel Ships appeared to be well manned — That the Morning after Sir George Collier had appeared in Sight, with His Majesty’s Squadron under his Command, it was very evident, from the Manoeuvres of the Fleet, that they intended to fight, and had embarked their Troops in the Night — The Ships which had brought the Troops, and were Twenty in Number, he did not doubt had Commissions from the American States, and were furnished with iheir due Complement of Seamen; and that as the Ships were riding in the Offing, after the Troops had been set on Shore, they had die Appearance of being fully manned — That

Plunder, it seemed to be universally understood the Ships were much more than fully manned; and that with respect to the ordinary Complements of the American Ships, he was confident the Amount was more than is stated in the said List as probable — That the said Fleet had been fitted out partly by the States collectively, and partly under various Commissions from separate Provinces; and that he generally understood there were more Men embarked on it than appeared in his said List.

Mr. Henry Goldthwayte being then examined, said, That the Morning after the Rebel Fleet appeared he was taken Prisoner by the Enemy, at a Plantation belonging to his Father, Colonel Goldthwayte, One

he judged so from having been near enough to distin- of the foregoing Witnesses — That it was debated by guish with a Glass, and from the Accounts repeatedly a Land and a Sea Officer, whether he should be sent given by Men that were taken — That the Remainder on Board the Fleet, or kept on Shore; and at Length

of the Fleet were Victuallers, Transports, 8$c. — That Saltonstally as he understood, was commissioned by the American States, and he carried a distinguishing Pendant, as Commodore.

John Darby, Esquire, being then examined, said,

they determined to send him up the River to Colonel Bucks — That after the Defeat of the Rebel Fleet by Sir George Colliery he went on Board the Warren with Colonel Bucks's Son; and that the Ship’s Clerk, whose Name was Cooper, in lamenting their late Dis-

That he had been to America for the Purpose of view- aster, said, that on Board that Ship they had up-ing it only — That while he was at Bos tony in August wards of 320 very fine Fellows; meaning, as the 1783, he was requested by Sir George Collier to get Witness apprehended, Seamen and Marines — That from the proper Officers the necessary Documents to he was then taken by Messrs. Bucks to a Place where enable him to receive the Head Money payable to the Men who had escaped, to ferry over the River, the Squadron under his Command, for taking and in order to save making a large Circuit — That the destroying the Rebel Fleet in Penobscot Harbour, in Number which were there earned over was between August 1779 — That Mr. Hancockf the Governor of 40 and 50 — That they said all, except themselves, Bostony gave him Permission to apply to the Board of had embarked on Board the Fleet; and that they War for the Amount and List of the Complement of themselves had been come upon so suddenly by the Men on Board the Fleet under Commodore Saltonstally King’s Forces, that they had been obliged to make when employed against Penobscot — That he was intro- their Escape on the Instant, leaving their Kettles, Hats, duced to One of the Commissioners of that Board, and every Thing behind.

who promised him the Papers he required; but the Captain Andrew Barkley, Commander of His Ma-other Commissioner, in whose Custody they were, jesty’s Ship The Blonde, then produced to your Corn-being out of Town, and the Witness being called mittee a Copy of Minutes, taken from the Log Book away, he did not get them — That he had with him kept on Board the said Ship, in her Pursuit of a Rebel at the Time a List of the Ships taken and destroyed Fleet up Penobscot Bay and River, whereby it appeared, as above-mentioned, with an Account of the Number that on Sunday the 15th of'August 1779 Lieutenant of Men they were supposed to have had on Board, Robinson, Agent for the Kings Transports at Mage~ which had been given him by Sir George Collier; which biquiduce, went on Board the Blonde, and gave Intelli-was as follows; gence of General Maclean, the Troops, and Shipping,

being safe, after being besieged by the following Rebel Vessels; viz.

Vo l. 40.

7 Z

Warren

Prizes in Penobscot Expedition.

63»

A. 1785.

Warren - - 32 Guns, Commodore Saltonstall

Vengeance -28 Monmouth - 3 2 Putnam - - 22 Charming Sally 20 "

Hampden - - 20 Hunter - - 20

Active- - - 20 Hector - 24 Black Prince- 24 Sky Rocket - 18

BRIGS.

Defence - 18 Guns-

Tyrannicide- - 18

Hazard - 18

Pallas- - - 16

Diligence - - 14

Providence Sloop \ 2

Humming Bird Schooner, 8 Guns,

and 24 Sail of Brigs, Sloops, and Schooners. — That at Half past One P. M. the Rebel Fleet weighed; and that the Squadron under Sir George Collier drove their Commodore, with his whole Fleet, before him, consisting of 42 Sail.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Colchester Sir Matthew White Ridley, from the Select Com-

Election. mittee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Samuel Tyssen, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors in the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Robert Smyth, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex.

And the said Determination was ordered to be en?-tered in the Journals of this House.

Bridgeman's Mr. Hopkins presented to the House, according to

Name. Order, a Bill to enable John Simpson, lately called

John Bridgeman, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Simpson, pursuant to the Will of William Simpson, Esquire, deceased, and also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Simpson: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

-Perth Roads. General Murray reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir James Campbell, of Aberuquhill, Baronet, Sir William Stirling, of Ardoch, Baronet, John Francis Erskine, Esquire, of Marr, Robert Graham, Esquire, of Gartmore, James Erskine, Esquire, of Cardross, George Drummond, Esquire, of Blairdnimmond, John Ramsay, Esquire, of Ochte?lyrer William Stirling, Esquire, of Keir, and others thereunto subscribing, Freeholders, Justices of Peace, and Commissioners of Supply, in the County of Perth, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Melton Mow. passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s bray Roads. Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin,

Mr. Graves, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Militia. Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Conimittee, to Wood Street whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Poulty and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place*, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foliow-eth; viz. 1

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Hicks being examined, said, That he knows the Gaols or Prisons called The Wood Street and The Poultry Comptei's, within the City of London — That he has been Deputy Secondary to Wood Street Compter for Twenty-five Years — That the said-Prisons have been constantly appropriated to the Use of the Sheriffs of the said City for the Time being, for the safe Custody of the Prisoners committed to the same — That the Sheriffs have Offices adjoining to those Gaols, where the Business of the Under Sheriff of London is transacted — That great Numbers of Persons attend at those Offices, in order to get their Business done; and that the Offices being situated so near the Gaols has always been considered as a very great Convenience, as well to the Prisoners as to all other Persons haring Business to transact there. — Then,

George Dance, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Two Compters are exceedingly inconvenient with respect to their Situation — That they are very small and close, by Reason w hereof not only the Lives of the Prisoners, but all Persons resorting to those Prisons, are endangered thereby.

That the Buildings of both the Gaols are quite worn out, and become inadequate for the Purpose of safe Custody of the Prisoners confined therein — That if the said Prisons were built in a more airy Situation, it would contribute to the Health of the Prisoners, and be attended with great Convenience.

That upon looking out for proper and convenient Situations whereon to build new Prisons instead of the old Compters, Two Places had been considered as proper for the Purpose; One of them situate in Gnib Street, and the other in Giltspur Street.

The Witness then produced to your Committee Plans of the before-mentioned Pieces of Ground, and added, that both the Places are very proper for the Purpose of building new Compters upon; and that

Wykeham, &c. Inclo-tue.

Beverley, &c. Road.

Westminster

Election.

25 Geo. Ill*; ig* M636

if it should be thought proper to erect them adjoining to each other, the Tract of Ground in Grub Street will be sufficient for both — That it has not as yet been determined by the Corporation of London, whether it will or not be eligible to build both the Compters upon One Spot of Ground,or in different Places: And the Witness added, that there are upon both the said Pieces of Ground several Buildings, which it will be necessary to purchase; but which Purchases, he dppre* hends, cannot be made without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, of the City of London, to pull down The Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City, for the Purpose of re-building the saiiie: And that Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Alderman Sawbridge, Mr. Alderman Neamhfm, and Mr. Alderman Watson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Tovynships of Wykeham and Ruston, in the Manor of Wykeham, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Muncaster, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Sykes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Electors of the City of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves, and several Thousand others, Electors for the said City, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City of Westminster, the Right honourable Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, and Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, were Candidates; and that the said Sir Cecil Wray had a large Majority of legal Electors of the said City who voted for him, and ought to have been returned a Citizen in Parliament for the said City, in Preference to the said Charles James Fox, but that the said Charles ' James Fox, by himself and his Agents, did procure, by divers illegal and corrupt Means, a Number of Persons to vote in his Favour, who had no Right.so give their Suffrages at the said Election, not being Electors of the said City; and that the High Bailiff, who presided as Returning Officer at the said Election (and to whom the Execution of the Precept did belong) admitted a great Number of Persons to vote for the said Charles James Fox who were not Electors, nor entitled to a Voice at the said Election; and that the said High Bailiff had granted to the Petitioners a Scrutiny, to ascertain who had the Majority of legal Voices, in which he was not permitted to proceed: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Vol. 40.

Petitioners adch Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

The Counsel sand Agents beforfc itieiitioned being Seaford &gain returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend EUction. the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists* which had beep struck by the said Counsel in his Presence* together with a new List of the Thirteen Members., then remaining imstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir Thomas Duridas, Baronet, and William Young, Esquire* being added* the same was called over; and is 09 follows:

Sir Charles Preston, Baronet, Sir Henry Gough,

Baronet* Hugh Montgomery, Esquire, Gerard Nod Edwards, Esquire* Edward Phelips, Esquire, Charles Morgan, Esquire, Samuel Thornton, Esquire* Henry James Pye, Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire,

Thomas Boottiby Parkyns, Esquire* John Bond, Esquire, Barrie Barne, Esquire, John Bullock, Esquire*

Sir Thomas Dundas, Baronet, William Young, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of the Honourable Lewis Thomas Watson, now taken into Consideration, w ere sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the said Petition of the several Per- Westminster

sons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors ^lection‘

of the City of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves,

and several Thousand others, Electors for the said

City, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the

23d Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the

Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign,

to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve, in Parliament, the like Notices as in former Cases were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Dealers in Commercial British Manufactures of the City of London, and other Intercourse Cities and Towns of Great Britain, whose Names are wiltl Ireland, thereunder written, was presented to the House, arid read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that certain Resolutions of the House of Commons of Ireland, relating to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and that Kingdom, have been lately presented to the House; and that, as the Petitioners are given to understand that no Alteration will be made in any of those Resolutions, they apprehend, that if the said Resolutions qre carried into a Law, they will prove highly injurious and prejudicial to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to the Petitioners

in

640

15°^-16°

A. 1785.

in particular: And therefore praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of the House, by themselves, and their Counsel, against the said Resolutions passing into a Law.

Commercial A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and intercourse Tradesmen of the City of Bristol, was also presented wit re an . ^jie j|0use, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House of Commons in Ireland, that certain general Propositions, as a Foundation for new Regulations of the Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland, have been voted by that House, from which, if agreed to by the Legislature of this Country, the Petitioners entertain great Apprehensions that most important evil Consequences will ensue to its Trade and Manufactures, and, eventually to the Landed Interest; that the Manufacturer in Gi'eat Britain, being obliged to advance to Government the heavy Duties and Excise imposed upon him, cannot support a Competition against the Irish Manufacturer, who, bearing no such Burthen, can carry on an equally extensive Trade with a much smaller Capital; and that the just Retribution which our American Colonies make for the Expence of their Establishment, for the Support they receive by our exclusive Consumption of their Produce, and for the Protection afforded them by our Navy, will no longer exist, if Liberty be given to import West India Productions, either in their raw or manufactured State, from Ireland, greater Opportunity will be afforded for the illicit Introduction of them, and this Country will be ‘deprived of the Advantage arising from the Supply of its own Markets, to which it is entitled both from Justice and Policy, and similar Mischief would accrue to the Revenue, and to the Carrying Trade of Great Britain, if the Import of Foreign Produce from Ireland be generally allowed; and that the Petitioners entertain the most cordial Wishes for the Increase and Extension of the Irish Commerce and Manufactures, in every Circumstance not productive of essential Detriment to those of Great Britain, and submit to the House, Whether, if the Spirit of those Propositions should be adopted, it will be possible to prevent such Evil, unless the Legislature of Ireland will consent to impose Duties on Importation from Foreign States equal to those now payable in Great Britain, the Manufacturers of Great Britain and Ireland be placed upon an equal Footing in respect to the Burthens they bear, and the Staples of both Kingdoms be rendered liable to equal Duties on Import each into the other: And therefore praying, That, when the particular Detail of the proposed Regulations shall be before the House, they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, respecting the same, or that the House will afford the Petitioners such other effectual Relief in the Premises as it shall judge meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by them-, selves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in

Support of their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ditto.

mittee of Council, respecting the Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, together with the several Accounts annexed to the said Report, byWay of Appendix, which were presented to the House by Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, upon the 3d Day of this Instant March, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordwed, That the several Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade of Great Britain or Ireland, and which have not been already referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of Liverpool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manufacturers of the City of Glasgow, Paisley, Greenock, and Pwt Glasgow, Members of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures, be referred totbesaid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbei't reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Whitby, Ac. Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term ** and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the *

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Barter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York, w as committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriij 16° die Martii; Anno 250 Georgii IIltu Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

fiRDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Priacs n House to resolve itself into a Committee of the

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland;

Ordered, That the Report of the Lords of the Corn-

whole House, to consider of the Report which wras made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir George Collier, Knight, late Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Fleet in America, together with the Captains, whose Names are thereunder signed, in Behalf of themselves and others, and also of the Officers and Men under their Command, on the late Expedition to Penobscot, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir

Expedition

5 Geo. III.

Meriden Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented to Inrlosure. the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Meriden, in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

641

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better watching, lighting, and cleansing such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catherine, near the Tower of London, in the County- of Middlesex, as are not included in the Provisions of certain Acts, passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the same.

16° Martii.

Coierne Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to

hdosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Arable Fields, and the Down or Common called Coierne Down, within the Parish of Coleme, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, atld found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Eighty-two Acres of Common Field Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Two hundred and Seventy-four Acres and Three Quarters, who declared themselves neuter in respect thereto; and that the whole Number of Acres of Common Field Land intended to be inclosed is One thousand Three hundred and Five, and One Half) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Holdsworth have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for Ten Days, on his private Affairs.

St. Catherine Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Middlesex, whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Pre-

Paving. cinct of Saint Catherine, in the County of Middle-

sex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Clare being examined, said, That the Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the said Precinct, are badly lighted and watched (except Part of the Street within the said Precinct called East, which is lighted and watched in pursuance of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Seventh and the Ninth Years of foe Reign of His present Majesty) and that the same are also very ill cleansed, and very incommodious, from the Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein — And the Witness apprehends, that if the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places were properly lighted and cleansed, and a regular Nightly Watch established, and if proper Powers were given to remove and prevent Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, the same would not only tend to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Precinct, but also to the Safety of all Persons passing through the same, or resorting thereto, and be of public Utility.

Vol. 40.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eamcs and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to foe Bill, intituled, An Horsham, Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of &c* Road* the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Seeding Hill, and from Steyning to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Viscount enable the Right honourable George Evelyn Viscount Falmouth’s Falmouth, and others, and the Guardians of their Issue Estates* Male, to make Leases of foe Estates in Cornwall, devised by the Will of Hugh late Viscount Falmouth, deceased, and also to grant Sets and Leases of the Mines therein; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mackworth have Leave Leave of to go into the Country, for a Month, on Account of Absence, the Illness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Whitby, &c. further Consideration the Report which was made Road, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Pow ers of an Act, passed in foe Fourth Year of foe Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And foe Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Viscount to enable foe Right honourable George Evelyn Viscount Falmouth's Falmouth, and others, and the Guardians of their Issue Lslates-Male, to make Leases of the Estates in Cornwall, devised by foe Will of Hugh late Viscount Falmouth, deceased, and also to grant Sets and Leases of the Mines therein, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of foe Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Represen-Freemen, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of tation in Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was pre- Farlla,ueilt-sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present inadequate Representation of the People is an Evil which the Petitioners have been taught to deplore by sad Experience, and to dread from its destructive Tendency in this free Community; that they are far from specifying to foe House the particular Remedy which this Evil may require, and are equally far from any timid Reluctance in renewing their Claim to Rights which no Change of Circumstances can possibly annihilate: In 1710a Resolution took Place

8 A

642

16° Martii.

in the Duration of Parliament, without Jhe Consent of the People, and since that Period the Petitioners have found no Reason, from its Consequences, to be reconciled to this Change: And therefore praying, That the Choice of Triennial Parliaments may be restored, trusting that the Justice and Wisdom of the House will not hesitate to comply with their reasonable Petition.

Ordered, That die said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Atkinson have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for Six Weeks, for the Recovery of his Health.

Trent and Sir John Wrottesley presented to the Ho^se, accord-Mersey Na- ing to Order, a* Bill to enable the Company of Proprie-vigation. tors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent arid Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Reading A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Paving. thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Houses, and other Buildings, within the Borough of Reading, and County of Berks, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, and watching the Borough of Reading, in the county of ’ Berks, and that a Petition against the said Bill hath been signed by a great Number of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and hath also been presented to the House; and Alledging, That great Animosities have arisen amongst the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and the Peace and Quiet of the Town hath been greatly disturbed, on Account of the Application for the said Bill, which the Petitioners have great Reason to believe would subside, if the House would postpone the Consideration of the Bill to the next Session of Parliament; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to decline giving any Opinion, at present, touching the Advantage, or Disadvantage, that may attend the passing of the said Bill, their Views being merely to restore the Peace of the Borough, which, they conceive, cannot be accomplished by any other Means than by postponing the said Bill to the next Session of Parliament, which will give ample Time to have accurate Surveys and Estimates made of the necessary Works and Expences attending the same, and also, to consider more fully the Benefit or Inconvenience that may result from the said Bill: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the passing of the said Bill may be postponed to the next Session of Parliament

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, be read a Second Time.

Earl of Sir Adam Fergusson presented to the House, accord-

Dundonald’a jjur to Order, a Bill for vesting in Archibald Earl of Tar-making. D

Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and, Cinders, from Pit Coal, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time: And the same was received; arid read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Own* CottonTradt. ers, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of fManchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, JVar-rington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorley,

Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Bo* roughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, was presented to tire House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act, which passed the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs, bleached or dyed, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, has involved the Petitioners in the greatest Distress, and absolutely threatens that valuable Branch of Commerce with inevitable Ruin, for that Fustians exported under the said Act are loaded with a considerable Expence at every Foreign Market, and with other Burthens great and unavoidable in themselves, but uncertain in the Amount, and that the said Duty will essentially affect Labour, and will operate as a Tax upon it, at the same Time that it cannot, in its Nature, be productive, it will ultimately destroy the Petitioners Trade, and diminish the Public Revenue in the same Proportion as it diminishes Commerce and those various Exciseable Articles and Duties which spring from that Source; the low Price of Labour in Ireland, its Exemption from Inland Duties, and from the Restrictions and Burthens inseparable from the Excise Laws, will occasion the Fustian Manufacture of this Kingdom to meet the Irish at every Foreign Market, to a Disadvantage so great, that will not fail to give a decided Superiority to the Manufacture of that Kingdom; and that the said Tax will burthen the Fustian Trade for Home Consumption with an Expence so considerable, as will annihilate the Manufacture of all low-priced Fustians, and thereby destroy the Nursery for Weavers, so very essential to the Existence of the Trade, and also deprive the Aged of Employment; and, the Petitioners implore the Attention of the House to the Difficulties which the Manufacturers have already encountered in employing their Weavers and Spinners during the unhappy Suspension of Business occasioned by the said Act, whereby they have, to the utmost of their Power, prevented Emigration, and the Peace of the several Counties has been hitherto effectually preserved; and that the Petitioners submit to the Consideration of the House, that, whatever diminishes the Fustian Manufacture, must lessen, in the same Degree, the Importation of Cotton Wool, a Circumstance which will injure, in an essential Manner, the Navigation of this Kingdom, whilst it fosters and promotes that of our Rivals; and that Two Thirds of all Fustians, being actually exported, are entitled to a Drawback, and the Annual Return of the Trade is burthened, by the said Tax, with a much greater Amount than it can possibly produce to the Treasury; and that the Manufacturers of Fustians have never received or solicited any Parliamentary Aid, and have always been, and still are, ready on all Occasions to contribute to the general Exigencies of the State with the rest of His Majesty’s Subjects: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, at the Bar of the House, against the said Act, which, as they conceive, is impolitic in itself, and impracticable in its Execution.

6 and

Militia*

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

25 Geo. III. 16° — 17

and that the House will grant them such immediate Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England) for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed./

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply. granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined a Witness, in Support of the Petition of the Callico Manufacturers and Printers of the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Counties adjacent; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 40.

0 Martii. 43

Jovis9 IT die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Bedford tion the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew Election. St. John) complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Bedford, being oome;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House.

And be went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Sixteen Members being found to be present, besides Mr. Speaker;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition intp Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (w^iich had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Evan Lloyd Faughan, Esquire, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the 6ame upon Oath, he w as excused accordingly.

And the Names of Two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And die Name of Sir James Erskine, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for die Petitioner; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eight other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And die Name of William Mainwaring, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twelve other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note. That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seventy-two other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eight, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Sixteen, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petidons were depending; Thirty-four, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Eleven, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days; and Two, on Account of their having voted at the said Election.

And

Bedford

Election.

644 17° — 18

And the Names of all the Members of the House having been drawn from the Glasses, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House; and it appearing that there wanted Seven Names to Complete the List of Forty-nine Members to be delivered to the Counsel at the Bar;

Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, adjourned the Order for taking the said Petition into Consideration, until Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Martii; Anno 25° Georgii IIP*1 Regis, 1785.

Martii. A. 1785.

Accoqnt of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; Twenty-two, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Slight, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days; and Two, on Account of their having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid* and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member named JVib liam Mamwaring, Esquire* to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Bedford, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; ,

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty-one Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Robei't Path, Baronet, being drawn, he required to be excused from serving on the said Select Committee, on Account of his being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards; and having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Three other Members, then ' present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir James Erskine, Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Seventeen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fifty-five other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Nine, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Twelve, on

A Bill to render more effectual several Acts of Par- Exeter Poor, liament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Rolle, Mr. Bastard\ &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Scott, of IVeobley, have Leave to Leave oi go the Northern Circuit. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Moysey have Leave to go the Welsh Circuit.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Citi- Abingdon zens of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the lsavi^aUoD* House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal at some Place at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of particular Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, to permit the same to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Colerne several Open and Common Arable Fields, and the Inclosure. Down or Common called Coleime Down, within the Parish of Colerne, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Arable Fields, and the Down or Common called Colerne Dawn, within the Parish of Colerne, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways, Bridges, Perth and Ferries, in the County of Perth, was read the K°ads>&c’ Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth.

Ordered,

2$ GeO. III. i8° M g4$

Whitby, &c. feoads.

Debtors

I’etitiojis*

tendon Toll on Corn.

Ordered, That General Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lock ton Zone, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from die West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Pa* rish of Middleton, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the unfortunate Persons confined for Debt in the Prison of The Kings Bench: And also,

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors in His Majesty’s Prison of The Fleet: And also,

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors in Nexvgate;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of I homos Cocksedge, and the several pther Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of London, carrying on the Trade or Business of Cornfactors within the Port of London, On Behalf of themselves, and alt other Freemen Of the said City, using or exercising the said Trade or Business, within the said Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner Thomas Cocksedge^ and others, as being Cornfactors and Freemen of London, claimed to be entitled to a Toll, or Duty, of One Farthing per Quarter upon all Corn and Grain consigned to them as Cornfactors to the Port of London (coming Eastward of London Bridge, and not from the Cinque Ports, or the County of Kent) to be sold by them, as such Factors, Upon Commission, and founded their Claim to such Toll, or Duty, upon an invariable and immemorial Usage Within the City of London; and that, in the Year 1775, the Corporation of London set up a Claim to the said Toll upon such consigned Corn, alledging, that the Freemen of London were only entitled to the said Toll, or Duty, upon Corn and Grain, being their own actual Property brought into the Port of London (Eastward of London Bridge, and not from the Cinque Ports, or the County of Kent) and not upon Corn ot Grain the Property of other Persons, Non-Freemen, and consigned to such Freemen as Factors, and, upon such Allegation, the Corporation gave Directions to Mr. Fanshaw, their Collector of the Farthing Duty on Corn at the Custom House, to retain in his Hands, for the Use of the Corporation, die Duty in respect of all such consigned Corn coming to tho Cornfactors, being Freemen, for Sale, and not to pay over the same to such Freemen, to whom the same was Consigned, as had been the Practice thentofore, and Mr. Fanshaw, from that Time, refused to pay over the aamo to the Petitioners, and others entitled thereto, in consequence of which Refusal, and for the Purpose of trying the Rights of die Freemen, being Cornfectors, to the Toil in Question, a Demand was made on Behalf of tho Petitioner Thomas Cocksedge on Mr. FanshaWj for Payment of the Toll which had been received by him at the Custom House upon a Cargo of Corn consigned to the Petitioner for Sale, and he refusing to pay tho same, art Action was brought Vo l. 40*

by the Petitioner Thomas Coclcsedge against Mr. Fcdz-shazo in the Year 1776, pending which Action the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of London, and Mr. Fanshatc, filed their Bill in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, " stating a Right hi the Corporation to a Farthing per Quarter upon all Corn and (t Grain imported into the City, as well that which <c was the actual Property of Freemen, as. that which " was consigned to Freemen, as Factors, to be sold u upon Commission, and that the Petitioner Thomas " Coclcsedge, having, as the Bill alledged, imported " divers Quantities of Com on his own Account, as u well as Corn consigned to him to be sold on Commission, he had received divers Sams of Money oil " that Account which belonged to die Corporation,

<c and, that the Petitioner Thomas Coclcsedge had " brought an Action to recover other Sums pretended to be due to him, the Bill, therefore;

" prayed ari Account against the Petitioner Thomas " Cocksedge, for what he had so wrongfully received,

" and an injunction to restrain him from proCeeding in that Action;" and the Petitioner pat in an Answer to the said Bill, which Was afterwards dismissed with Costs and that the Action so brought by the Petitioner Thomas Cocksedge, to try the Right to the said Toll, or Duty, on Com consigned to hiol as a Factor, was tried before the Earl of Mansfield, and a Special Jury of the City of London, at the Guildhall of the said City, at the Sittings after Trinity Term, in the Year 1776, when the immemorial Usage contended for and relied upon by the Plaintiff was fully proved, and a Verdict found for the Petitioner, with Damages and Costs; and that the Corporation being dissatisfied with that Verdict, Application was made to the Court of King’s Bench for it new Trial, Which was granted, and the Cause. came on the Second Time to be tried before Lord Mansfield, and another Special Jury, at the Sittings after Michaelmas Term in the Year 1776, at Guildhall, London, when another Verdict was also found for the Petitioner, and, in Hilary Term, in the Year i7?7> the ' Corporation applied for a Third Trial, but the Court refused to grant any further Trial: and, in consequence of these Verdicts, the Corporation accounted for, and paid to the Petitioner, the Farthing Duty upon the Cora consigned to him, from the Time of stopping the Payment thereof up to the Day laid in the said Petitioners Declaration, with Costs; and that, notwithstanding the Right of the Petitioners, as being such Freemen as aforesaid, to the said Toll, or Duty, on Corn consigned to them, was so established by the said Verdicts, the Corporation still continued to receive the same, and refused to pay the Petitioners, or any other Freeman of the said City, being Corn-factors, the said Toll, Or Duty, in consequence of which Refusal, the Petitioner Thomas Cocksedge, ill THnity Term 1777, brought another Action against the said Defendant Mr. Fanshaw, to recover of him the Amount of tire Toll received, as being received by him for the Petitioner’s Use, subsequent to the Time he had so paid over the same as aforesaid; and* Nine other Actions were also at the same Time brought by other of the Petitioners, and other Freemen of the City, being Cornfactors, against the said Defendant, who claimed the said Toll received by the Defendant, upon the same Ground, and under the same Circumstances, as the Petitioner the said ThOmtiS Cocksedge; and that all the said laSt-mentioUed Actions, being at Issue, "and ready to be tried, the Action brought by the Petitioner, Thomas Cocksedge, came on to he tried before Lord Mansfield, and a Special Jury of London, at the Sittings after Michaelmas Term, in the said Year 1777> whsn, after hearing Counsel for the Petitioner Thdthcts Cocksedge, and his WitheSses being examined and cross-examined, the Defendants Counsel demurred ttf the Evidence given on Behalf

B

646 l 8° Martii. A. 1785;

of the Petitioner, and the Jury were thereupon dismissed by the Court from giving any Verdict therein; and that the precise Facts, as given in Evidence upon the Trial, being agreed to and entered upon Record, with the Demurrer and Issue thereon, the same was 6et down for Argument before the Court of King’s Bench, in Easter Term 1779, w^en Judgment was given for the Petitioner, with the unanimous Opinion of all the Judges of that Court, and upon this Judgment a Writ of Error was brought, returnable in the Court of Exchequer Chamber at Westminster, and after several solemn Arguments of Counsel on both Sides, all the Judges of that Court delivered their Opinions separately (One of the Judges only differing, in some Degree, from the other Seven) and the Judgment of the Court of Kings Bench was accordingly affirmed by the Court of Exchequer Chamber, on the loth of May 1782; and that, upon such Judgment so affirmed, the Corporation of London thought fit to obtain and prosecute a Writ of Error, returnable in the House of Lords, and, after hearing Counsel on the 15th and 16th Days of May 1783» and the unanimous Opinion of the Judges, " It was ordered and " adjudged, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, " in Parliament assembled, that the Judgment given " in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, affirming the " Judgment given in the Court of Kings Bench, " should be, and the same was thereby affirmed and, in consequence of such Affirmance, the Corporation submitted to account for, and pay to the Petitioner Thomas Cocks edge and the Plaintiffs, in all the other Actions which were so brought as aforesaid, the Money due to them respectively, and their Costs; and that the Right of the Petitioners and other Freemen of London, as Consignees of Corn, having undergone such a Variety of legal Investigation, and been so decided upon by the several Juries who tried the same, by all the Judges of England unanimously, both upon the Law and Facts of the Case, and, finally, by the Peers of England in Parliament assembled, the Petitioners conceive such their Right to the Toll, or Duty, of One Farthing per Quarter upon all Com consigned to, or imported by them respectively, as firmly established as the Right of the Corporation itself to the Toll upon Corn consigned to Non-Freemen, and that, for any Thing which appears to the contrary, such Right may have originated with the Right of the Corporation, and is coeval with it, and, having been so established, they have now a just and legal Right to the quiet Enjoyment thereof; and that the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, have lately thought fit to present their Petition to the House, suggesting therein the Means by which they suppose a Custom had crept in of returning the Duty, indiscriminately, to Freeman, being Consignees of Corn, without Regard to its "being their own Pro-' perty, and stating that vsuch Custom had prevailed for such a Length of Time that, upon the Trial of certain Actions brought and prosecuted by several Corn-factors, who were Freemen, to recover back such Duties to their own Emolument, the Courts of Law had not thought themselves at Liberty to decide against the same, in Consequence of which, the indiscriminate Claims of the said Factors had been so far established as to leave no Hope of Redress by any Mode of legal Proceeding, and prayed the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for restoring and confirming the said Toll, or Duty, to the City of London; and that in regard the said Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of London, prays a Restoration of their supposed Right to the Toll in Question, which Right it does not appear, from any, Evidence, or legal Presumption, they ever had, and in regard the Rights of the Petitioners and other Freemen, being Cornfactors and Consignees of £orn, to the Toll

in Question, bath been so legally established as aforesaid, against every possible Objection that could be suggested against the same, the Petitioners and others conceive they cannot he deprived of such their just and legal Rights, without a Violation of the Principles of common Justice: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, upon the Report of the Committee to whom the said Petition stands referred, against the bringing in any Bill, as prayed by the said Petition*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred.

Sir Edward Astley, from the Select Committee, who Pennn were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the £lecliolL Petition of Joshua Smith, and George Jackson, Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cormvall, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Francis Basset, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir John Saint Auhyn, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament ior the said Borough of Penryn.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Liverpool Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for ^oc^a* making Two additional Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpoolwas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, the Lord Penrhyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Commissioners, w hose Names are Reading the reunder signed, acting under, and by virtue of, an Paving, Act, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render " more effectual, several Acts for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn, in Reading, and PuntJieid, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and for repairing several " other Roads in this Act mentioned," was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, for cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town, and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented from certain Commissioners, acting under, and by virtue of, the said Act, against the said Bill’s passing into a Law'; and Representing to the House, That the Petitioners, being also Commissioners acting under the said Act, have no Reason to doubt that any of the Mortgagees, who have Securities on the Tolls granted and collected under, and by virtue of, the said Act, are dissatisfied with their Securities, or that the Securities will. be lessened, or prejudiced, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, and, that the said Petition, so signed by the Commissioners, against the said Bill, w as obtained clandestinely, and without any Public Meeting, or any Notice of any Meeting, for the prqper Discussion of this Business.

Ordered, That the said Petition dp lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Secpnd Time.

The

Representation in Parliament.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

25 Geo. III.

,18° Martit.

The Order of the Day, for the Second Reading‘of the said Bill, being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Fortnight, the 7th Day of April next;

t

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Scarborough, in the County of York, was presented to the House* and read; Setting forth, That the Inequality of the present State of Representation, though derived from a Variety of concurrent Causes, appears to the Petitioners to be in no Instance more remarkable than in that of the Privileges of Election exercised in great Towns, by a very small Proportion of the Inhabitants, to the Exclusion of the rest, who, content as they might be without the peculiar Privileges annexed to Corporations, cannot, at the same Time, w ithout Regret, feel themselves destitute of the First of Constitutional Rights, a Share in the Election of those u;ho are chosen to represent them ,v and Alledging, That the Two Representatives for Scarborough, are elected by a Corporation, consisting, when full, of Two Bailiffs, or First Magistrates, Two Coroners, Four Chamberlains, and Thirty-six capital Burgesses, the Vacancies being supplied by Election made by Twelve of the Corporate Body only, of which Body there are always a Number of Revenue Officers; and that the Tow n of Scarborough is an ancient and well-inhabited Town, consisting of Ten thousand Inhabitants, of whom Five hundred and Sixty are regularly assessed to the Parish Rates? To the Wisdom and Justice of the House, the Petitioners, therefore, respectfully apply,-praying, That their Petition may betaken into Consideration, and such Relief granted on the Premises, as shall appear best adapted to the State and Circumstances of the Tow n, agreeably to the Constitutional Principles of Representation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Commercial Committee, and other Merchants and Manufacturers of the Town of Birmingham, wras presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that there are now under Consideration certain Resolutions of the Houses of Lords and Commons of Ireland, which they understand are intended to form the Basis of a lasting Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and that Kingdom; and that the Petitioners conceive, if a Treaty should be made on the Terms held forth in those Resolutions, it would prove highly detrimental to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain in general, and to those of the said Town and Neighbourhood in particular; and, unless some great Alterations be made in the Revenue Laws of Gi'eat Britain and Ireland, Ireland may, more effectually than any other Country, rival the Manufactures of this Kingdom; and that the Duties which are laid in Ireland upon some of our Manufactures, operate as a Bounty, and induce Workmen to leave this Kingdom, and settle there, and they have no Doubt but this Emigration will much increase from the said Town and Neighbourhood, if the Resolutions , of the Irish Parliament should be confirmed in Great Britain, without essential Alterations; and that the Apprehensions of the Petitioners would, in some Degree, be removed, were all Articles, which arc the natural Growth, Product, or Manufacture of either Country, to be imported into the . other Duty-free, or, if a Duty should be thought necessary, were it to be laid in such a Manner, as to affect, ad Valorem, all Articles which are the natural Growth, Product, or Manufacture of either Country, when imported into the other; and, that the Petitioners apprehend, that Part of the Sixth Resolution of the Parliament of Ireland, which states, " That, in order to give Permanency to the " Settlement now intended to be established, it is Vol. 40.

647

" necessary no Prohibition, or new, or additional " Duties, should be hereafter imposed in either " Kingdom, on the Importation of any Article of " the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the other," would, if adopted here, be effectual in answering this Purpose, Was a Clause to be inserted to abolish all Duties now payable on the Importation of Articles, the natural Growth, Product, or Manufacture of One Country into the other, but, without a Clause to this Purport, they apprehend the said Resolution to be totally inadmissible, because Articles which are the natural Growth, Product, or Manufacture of this Country, are charged with heavy Duties when imported into Ireland, whilst Linen, which is the principal Manufacture of Ireland, is imported into this Kingdom Duty-free; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Duties on the Importation of Articles from Foreign States, and on Bar Iron in particular, should be the same?' in both Countries; and, as the Duty on Bar Iron imported into this Kingdom cannot be reduced without great Injury to the making of it at Home, which it is the particular Interest of this Country to encourage, that the Duty on this Article, as well as on all others, whea imported into Ireland, should be equal to the Duties in this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners have long hoped for a favourable Opportunity to entreat the House, to appoint a Committee to take the State of the Hardware Trade into Consideration, as an Object of National Importance, and it is therefore with great Concern, that they observe if is proposed, that in all future Treaties with Foreign States an effectual Preference shall be afforded to Irish Manufactures, because Linen may be bought by England much cheaper from other Countries, and not only be paid for by the Labour of our People, but also occasion other Commercial Advantages to this Country; and that, upob the Whole, the Petitioners, being convinced of the many. Difficulties in wffiich a Commercial Arrangement with Ireland is involved, and of the very great Importance it ;must be of to both Countries to hate it settled on such a well-digested Plan, as may tend to increase the.Wealth, Population, and Happiness of both, Kingdoms, think it essentially necessary that more Time should be allowed for mature Consideration, and, although they have the highest Opinion of the Integrity and Ability of the Minister who introduced. this Business, they conceive it to be their Duty , to pray, That the Commercial Treaty between this Kingdom and Ireland\ may be left open till next Sessions of Parliament, or that the House will grant such other Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according Elections — to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Bribery and Act of Parliament, all the Law£ now in being for pre- ^Preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pringle have Leave to go into the Leave 01 Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House tills Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Commercial itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Intercourse further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious wlt re

Speech

<548

18° Martii.

A. 1785.

Commercial Intercourse 'with Ireland.

Bedford

Election.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Ab^nt That all the Members of this Mouse, who have not, Member*, or shall not have, Leave of Absence, do attend their Duty, in their Places, on Tuesday next, upon the Ballot upon the Petition complaining of the Election for the County of Buckingham; and that such Members, whose Names shall be called over upon the said Ballot, and shall not appear, be ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending tins House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rr, „ f* ., xr fThe Lord Maitland’ Tellers for the \ eas, £^,-we.

So it passed in the Negative.

54-

65.

Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Merchants, Cotton and Callico Manufacturers, and other Traders of the Town and Neighbourhood of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, with every consistent Wish for the Prosperity of their Fellow Subjects in Ireland, are desirous that a lasting Plan may be adopted to put the Interest of the Two Kingdoms upon a just and equitable Footing as to Commerce in general, but, from the Resolutions lately brought before the House, respecting the Trade of Ireland, they are fearful that they will tend to the very great Injury of the Manufactures throughout this Kingdom, and of this Part of Lancashire in particular: And therefore praying, That the Merchants, Cotton and Callico Manufacturers, and other Traders of the Town and Neighbourhood of Blackburn, in the County of Lancaster, may be heard, in Support of this Petition, by themselves and Counsel, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck $ to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir James Erskine, Baronet, and William Mairmaring, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as folloWs:

The Honourable Horatio Walpole, Lieutenant General John Vaughan, Edward Cotsford, Esquire, George Dempster, Esquire, John Macbride, Esquire, Lord Viscount Midkton, John George Philips, Esquire, Sir

John Frederick, Baronet, Philip Rashleigh, Esquire,

George Vansittart, Esquire, Richard Payne Knight,

Esquire, Henri/ Addington, Esquire, Orlando Bridgeman,

Esquire, Sir Janies Erskine, Baronet, William Main-waring, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of for Money, Gifts, Offices, Employ, and Rewards, to the Honourable St.Andrew St. John, now taken into give their Votes at the said Election, and divers others

Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in of such Voters, for such illegal and corrupt Considera-the usual Manner. tions as aforesaid, were persuaded by the said Baron

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides Hood, his Friends and Agents, to forbear to give their

withdrew. Votes at the said Election; and that the said Baron

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet Hood, before and during the said Election, by himself,

forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers, ap- his Friends, and Agents, was guilty of Bribery, Cot-

pointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Bucks upon the Third Day of this Instant March, for taking EImium. into Consideration, upon Tuesday next, the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Verney, of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders, duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Order be discharged;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Ekiw. many Thousand other Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election of Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty, the Right honourable Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Baron Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, and Sir Cecil IVray, Baronet, were the Candidates; and that, at the said Election, very many Persons, who were not qualified to vote at the said Election, were admitted to vote, and were polled for the said Baron; and that many of the Voters for the said City and Liberty, who polled for the said Baron Hood, did ask, receive, and take Money, and other Rewards, of and from the said Baron Hood, his Friends, and Agents, by Way of Gift, Loan, and other Devices, agreed and contracted with the said Baron Hood, his Friends, and Agents,

Mutiny and Desertion.

Oom’s Nat.

' A Message from the Lords, by Mr and

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Ml, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the

ruption, and undue Influence, by giving, and promising to give, Money, and other Rewards, to the Voters of the said City and Liberty, who, iu consequence thereof, were induced and prevailed upon to give their Votes at tire said Election for the said Baron Hood, and others of the said Voters were thereby

prevailed upon, and induced to forbear to give their Votes at the said Election; and that the said Baron

better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; without Hood, after the Vacancy for the Said City and Liberty

A \ m A H A I n r-w / a _ i _ J 1 1 T\ 1 a f _ _ a _ 1 _ 1 IJ- mL m

any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Thomas Oom, Charles Frederick Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbel't', without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

(occasioned by the Dissolution of the late Parliament) and before his Election for the satne, by himself, and by his Friends and Agents, and by other Ways and Means, on the Behalf of the said Baron Hood, and, at his Charge, gave, presented, and allowed, to several Persons’ having Voices and Votes in such Election, 7 Money,

Westminster

Election.

15 Geo. III.

18° Martii.

649

Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision, and made Promises and Engagements to allow Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, Provision, and Reward, to and for several such Persons in particular, as well as to the Electors of the said City and Liberty in general, in order to be elected, and for being elected to servfe in Parliament for the said City and Liberty, contrary to the Statute; and that, by the aforesaid, knd other undue and illegal Means, the said Baron Hood obtained a colourable Majority of Votes upon the Poll at the said Election, and was accordingly returned as One of the Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty, in Violation of the sacred Purity of Election, and in Derogation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and the other legal and uncorrupt Electors of the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem just, and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 23d Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the City of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and several Thousand others, Electors for the said City, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many Thousand other Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election for Two Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty, the Right honourable Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Baron Hood of the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, and Sir Cecil Wray, Baronet, were the Candidates; and that Thomas Corbett, Esquire, High Bailiff of the said City and Liberty, proceeded to take the Poll at the said Election, and finally closed the same on the 17th Day of May 1784, being the Day before the Return of the Precept to him directed for taking the same; and that the said Thomas Corbett, not regarding the Exigency of the King’s Writ for calling the said Parliament, or the Precept to him directed in pursuance thereof, did not make any Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said City and Liberty at the Return of the Precept commanding him to take the said Election, but neglected and utterly refused so to do, until long after the Authority under and by virtue of which he took the said Election had expired; and that, at the Time when the said Thomas Corbett made his Return to the said Precept, the Petitioners are advised that he had no Power or Authority to make any Return of Members for the said City and Liberty, and therefore the said Election became, and was, a void Election, and no Return of Members ought to or could be made in pursuance of the said Precept after the Return thereof: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and.grant to the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of their Case may require.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 31st Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " 31st Day of " March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon," and inserting the Words " 23d Day of " June next, at the same Time that the Petition of Vol. 40.

" the several Persons, whose Names are thereurith subscribed, Electors of the City of Westminster, on Mi Behalf of themselves and several Thousand others,

" Electors for the said City, is ordered to be taken into " Consideration," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " 31st Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /The Lord Maitland, 1 I ellers for the i eas,{Colonel: I 43‘

{The Marquis of GraA ham, > 79.

Mr.. Rose: J

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " 23d Day of June next, at the same Time that the " Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are u thereunto subscribed, Electors of the City of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and several Thousand others; Electors for the said City, is ordered to " be taken into Consideration," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the mam Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 23d Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the City of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and several Thousand others, Electors for the said City, is ordered to be. taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, w ere sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Absence* Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General have Leave to go the Chester Circuit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Book Trade House, by His Majesty’s Command, with Ireland*

A Paper, intituled, " 15th March 1785: Copy " Representation of the Lords of the Committ3e for " Trade and Plantations, submitting to His Majesty’s " Consideration the Evidence laid before the Committee by Mr. Cadell, and others, Booksellers, on the " Subject of die Export and Import of Books, from " and to Great Britain and Ireland, with the Observations of the Committee thereupon."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers,of this Session.

A Petition of James Entwisle and Wiliam Rawlinm, Cottoa 8 C of Trade.

6$o iS° — 2i° Martii. ^.*1785.

of Manchester, irt the Coutity of Lancaster, Manufacturers, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition signed by the Petitioners, together with upwards of Seventy thousand other Persons, was presented to the House on the 16th Day of this Instant March, whereby the Petitioners prayed, for the Reasons therein stated, to be heard at the Bar of the House, against an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs, bleached or dyed, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and which Petition is ordered to be referred to a Committee of the whole House on Monday next; and, that it is extremely material to the Interest of the Petitioners, that they should be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support Of the Allegations in their Petition, but which they are apprehensive cannot be done under the Order made on such Petition, which only directs the Petition to be heard before the said Committee, in consequence of the Petitioners having inadvertently omitted to pray, in their Petition, to be heard by Counsel: And therefore praying, That they; and the rest of the other Persons who have signed the said Petition, may be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of the Allegations therein contained.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen*, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers* and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton* Leigh, Warring* ton, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorky, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs* in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, is referred*; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said former Petition, if they think fit.

Commercial Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Intercourse to resolve itself into a, Committee of the whole House, with Ireland. $0 consider further of so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon \ the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness, and heard Counsel in Support of the Petition of the Callico Manufacturers and Printers of the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Counties adjacent, and closed the Evidence in Behalf of the said Petition; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as refates to the Adjustment of the Commercial1 Intercourse* between Great Britain and Ireland.

Elections — TheLord Mahonprtse.nfed to the House, according

County to Order, a Bill for the ‘better securing the Rights? of Voters. Voters at County Elections: And the same wfas received-; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be tread a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Militia; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resotved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole WeaflS* House* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Supply Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

's

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna21° die Martii;

Anno 256 Georgii IIIta Regis, 1735-Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepfo and Mr. Thomson:;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed'to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gloucester for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and Gaol, certain new Houses of Cormctitin, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Middlesex impower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Sessions. Gaol Delivery of 'Newgate, for the County, of Middleser, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery Of Newgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term and Sitting of the King’s Bensh rft Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Efcsoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of Kings Bench at Westminster, orelsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex*, to which the Lords desire tty Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Hussey have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. John Baring have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. LasceUcs have Leave to go iato the Country for a Week/qn his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Gould have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on Account of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr, Amcolts have Leave to go info the Country for Six Weeks, on Account, of his Health.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Timbering w*hom the Bill for draining and ^preserving certain Low Dwirnge. Lands, within the Parish'of Timkerland, an the County of Lincoln, Was committed; That the Committee S bad

25 Geo. III. 2i° M 651

had examined the Allegations of the Bril, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Oiie by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. , *

Tunstead, Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, &c. Poor. to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Tythes, Tythes Impropriate, Propriations of Tythes, and Saleable Underwoods, in the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all others chargeable with, and contributing tOj the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor within the said Hundreds, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared td them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Blake being examined. Said, That the Number of poor Persons within the Hundreds of Tunstead tond Happing have considerably increased, and are maintained at a larger Expence ,thah formerly — That he has examined the Poor Rate Books* of the different Parishes within the said ^Hundreds, for Seven Years last past, and finds that the Increase of the Expence of maintaining the Poor of the said Parishes has been about a Sixth Part within that Time; and that within the last Twenty Years the Increase of tlte Poors Rates, in most of the said Parishes, has been double, and in Some of them treble; and the Witness produced to

?our Committee Two Papers, shewing the Annual ncrease of the Rates within each Parish — ^And hie added, That if the Poor of the said Parishes were put under proper Government, and a suitable Place was provided for the Maintenance and Employment of the said Poor, hfe apprehends it would be a great Relief to the Occupiers of Lands, who are so heavily burthened with the Poor Rates at present, and the Poor would thereby be more comfortably and cheaply *’ maintained. — And being further examined, he said,

That he has heard that in Ohe Hundred within the said County, the Guardians of the Poor had been enabled to pay off £. 6,500, out of £. 7,000, which had been borrowed for building a Poor House, and that the Poor Rates within: that Hundred had also decreased; and that he has also heard that good Effects have been produced from incorporating the Poor of another Hundred Within the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poot, within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir John TVodehouse, Sir Edxtard Astley, and Sir Harbord Harbord, ho prepare, and bring in, the same.

Haseiden's Mr. Marsha m reported from the Committee, to NVooditoad. twhom the Petition of the several Persons- whode Names tore thereunto subscribed-, Trustees for'putting in Execution Two* Acts of Parliament; the one, ihade ki the Second Year of His present Majesty’s ’Reign, for U'-epairing'and vvicteriing the Roads from the White Post on Haselden’s Wood\ in the Parish of Ci'aribrooke,

Yol. 40.

to Appledwe Heath, and from Milkhouse Street in the same Parish, to Castkdcris Oaky in the Parish of Bidden den, and from Golford Green, in the Said-Parish of Cranbrookey to Tanner's Verity in the Parish of Benen-den, all in the County of Kent; and the other, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing so much of the said first-mentioned Act as related to the said Road from Go ford Gr'cen to Tanners Vent; for enlarging the Term and Powers of thte said first-mentioned Act, with respect to the other Roads therein contained; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Ten-ter den, through llolvcnden, tb the Tornpike Road in the Parish of Nexcenden, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 125th of . April 1774, relative jto Turnpike Bills, had been , complied with; atod that the Committee had examined ,the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him td report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Whom the same was read, and is as followeth; viz. . *. *

To prove the Allegations* of the said-Pdfition, the said Acts were read; And,

Mr. William Finch, Treasurer to the said Trustees, informed your Committee, That the Trustees have caused the said Roads to be repaired, and have> incurred a Debt of £. 7,700, which ^cannot bedischarged, unless the Tolls are increased, and the Tertn of the said Acts enlarged.

And the Withess said, That at present the Payment of the Tolls is evaded, and that in order to prevent the same in future, it is necessary to stop up Two Lanes leading out of the Said Roads; add he added, that the stopping up thd sail Lanes will be do injury to thb Country.

Ordered, That Leave be given tp bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of the Second and Ninth Years-of His present Majesty, for repairing and'widen-irlg the Roads from the White Post on Hasqhletis Wood, in the Parish of Cranbi'ooke, to AppkdoreHkath, and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, tb Casllededs Oaky in the Parish of Biddefiden; and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish t>f Tenterden, through Roivenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newerrden, in the Cotinty of Kent: Ami that Mr.

Marsham and Mr. Honywood- do- prepare, and bring in, the same. '

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Viscoimt to ertable the Right honourable George EMyn Vfeeoutft Falmmirh^* Falmouth, and others, and the Guardians of their Issue Estates* Male, to make Leases of the Estates in CorntvaU, dhvised by the Will of Hugh late Viscount Fabnmth, deceased, and also to grant Sets and Leases of the Mines therein, was read a bedrid Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mi\ Cali,

Mr. Boscazven, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tlfe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. . I :» *

,* .: : - . i

Mr. ThistletK&ayte reported from' the Cdmniittee, stanbridge-to whom the Petition of several df she trustees ap- Lane Roads, pointed to put!- in Execution an Act, phased in the fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled; " AtP Act for repairing atod - ^iddnifng|' the " Roads from the ;Bnd of *$thnbridge Lane, nhaf a - Barn, in die Parish ‘of RUntseyf W the1 Torn^jke " Fkad at Middk WalWp, and' from- the Turnpike ’Road between Stanbrklge Ltfnd aforesaid ttfid Great a Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at 'StoMPrdge, and M from the Garden of Henty Hctttat, dt A&bPidge, to *" tfffe Garden Wall of t>tnys Rolle, Esquire, at Fast

Tude'rley; VLttft from Lock&ly MIH Stream US East

" Dean

Maj$, i^8^»

" Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to' the u Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, " in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury," wap referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, at it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Damarbeing examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to carry the said Act into Execution, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 3,750 on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which now remains due; that the Money owing cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of llonuey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of Henry Hat tat, at Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rode, Esquire, at East Tuderley, and from Mill Stream to

East Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury: And that Mr. Thistlethwayte and Mr. Jerooise do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bridgeman’s A Bill to enable John Simpson, lately called John Name. Bridgeman, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body,

to take and use the Surname of Simpson, pursuant to the Will of William Simpson, Esquire, deceased, and also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Simpson, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. kins, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

EgUston A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of laeletur*. the Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Egleston, in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tempest, Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Whitechapel Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Roads. whom the Petition of several Trustees for repairing the Roads from the Stone’s End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to and to the

furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to Epping, in the County of Essex, ana several other Roiads in' the said County of Essex, and for lighting and watching the Road from Whitechapel Church to Stratford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Highways from the Stone’s End at Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex: And also.

An Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act, and for repairing the Road from the Causeway, in the Parish of Law Layton, through Wanstead, to the End of the Parish of Woodford, next to the Parish of Chigwell, in the said County of Essex: And also,

An Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the before-mentioned Acts,

.and for repairing the Road through the Parishes of Lambourn and Chigwell, in the County of Essex, were read: And,

James Hutchinson, Esquire, being examined, said,

That a great Progress hath been made in amending the Roads comprized in the said Acts, and that the Sum of £. 3,300, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, still remains due, and charged thereon — That the said Debt cannot be. paid off, nor the Roads be completely amended and kept ia Repair, and the lighting of the said Road between Whitechapel and Woodford be continued, unless the Term of the said Acts, which is very near expiring, be further continued; and that it would be of great Convenience to the Trustees, and advantageous to the Public, if the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts were consolidated and reduced into One Act, with proper Additions and Alterations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brine in a Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodford next Chigand through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourne, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads: And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Alderman Wilkes reported from the Commit- Uxbridgt tee, to whom the Bill for taking down the present Marta Market House, and certain other Buildings, in the Holw> Town of Ifxbridge, for the Purpose of widening the High Street; and for paving the Footways, and lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercer's Bridge and High Bridge; and for re-building the said Market House, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment^ be ingrossed.

An

Middlesex

Sessions.

Watting

Street

through

Churchover

Hoads.

Meriden

liiclosure,

2 c Geo. III. 21 0 Marti*. 3

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords', intituled, An Act to impower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Newgate, for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day «, of Term and Sitting of the King’s Bench at. Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rend a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly-read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon trie said Bill.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders-of the County of Warwick, was referred; That,the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the blouse; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; tciz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Caldecott being examined, said, That the Road leading from a Place called The Gibbet, on the Waiting Street Road; through the Parishes of Churchover, Brownsoroer, Newbold upon Avon, Rugby, and Bilton, all in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between j)unchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County; at or near a Public House known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton, is a Road much frequented by Persons travelling on Horseback, and in Carriages, it being the principal Line of Communication between the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, and there being considerable Annual Fairs and Weekly Markets held at Rugby — That the greatest Part of the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and in that Part where it crosses the River Avon, between the Parishes of Rugby and Newbold, it is for a considerable Length so low as to render the Approach to the Bridge there, at Times of Floods, which are very frequent, extremely dangerous — That it would, be a great Advantage and Convenience to all Persons living near or travelling along the said Road if the same were properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, but that the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and w idening the Roads leading from The Gibbet, or Lutteiworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through the Parishes of Churchover, Brownsover, Newbold upon Avon, Rugby, and Bilton, in the County joi Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County, at or near a Public House known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert Law ley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Mcfiden, in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Yol. 40.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Sir Robert Lawtey, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Phelips, from the Select Committee, who were Seaford appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe- Election, tition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of the Honourable Lewis Thomas Watson, severally complaining of ah undue Election and Return" for the said Town and Port, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Henry Viscount Neville is not duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex.

And also, Th&t the said Select Chmihittee have determined,

That Sir Peter Parke?', Baronet, is not duly elected a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said 'Town and Port of Seaford.

Arid also, That the said Select Committee have de-termiried,

That the last Election of Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, was a void Election.

Arid the said Deteririiriations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of Two Batons to serve in this present Parliament for the Town rind Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, the last Election for Barons to serve iri this present Parliament for the Said Town and Port having been determined to be void.

I’be House being inforiried that Mr. Drummond Thirteenth and Mr. Roe, Two of the Commissioners for examin- Report ing, taking, and stating, the Public Accounts of the Pub,lc Kingdom, attended at the Door; they were called Acco^nts in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Thirteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

And thfen they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Arid the said Report was also read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled,

The Thirteenth Report of the Commissioners ap-- pointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdorii.

IN our Enquiries into the Manner in which the Public Accounts are audited in the Office of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest, those which have as yet come under our Consideration are Accounts of the Expenditure of Money issued, the greatest Part of it from the Exchequer; but there are likewise, upon the Certificate of Accounts depending in the Auditor

Office, Accounts of Receipts of Money levied upon the Subject, and paid into the Exchequer, which are equally Objects of his Jurisdiction.

Of these Receipts, the Customs being the most considerable, we directed our Attention to that Branch of the Public Revenue.

We required from the Auditors of the Imprest the last declared Accounts of the Customs, with the Books of Accounts, and other Materials from whence they were formed: Two Accounts, were transmitted to us pursuant to this Requisition; the one the Account

8 D of

2r° Martii. A. 1785.

Thirteenth, of tfilliam AlelUsh. Esquire, Receiver General and Report Cashier of His majesty’s Customs, iVew and addi-Accoums Impositions, for One Year, ending the 5th of

January 1782; the other the Account of Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, Controller General of His Majesty’s Customs for the same Year: and both declared upon the 18th of December 1783. These Accounts were made up from various Books and other Materials; as many ot which as were necessary for our Information, Appendix, were sent to us from the Auditor’s Office; And from the Inspection of shem, and the Examinations of N° l> * Charles Harris, Esquire, One of the Deputy Auditors N° 3. of the Imprest, Mr. John if fills, Assistant to the Rett0 4, 5. qeiver General of the Customs, Mr. Joshua Powell, First Clerk to the Controller General, and Mr. John N°6* Halley, Deputy Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, w e have been made acquainted with the Manner in which these Accounts are prepared by the Officers of the Customs, and examined by the Auditors of the Imprest

The Customs are those Dufies which are payable to the King, either upon the Exportation or Importation, or Carriage Coastwise, of certain Articles of Commerce; they are collected by One hundred and Three Officers, Five of them resident in London. Seventy-two at the Out Ports, and Twenty-six in the Plantations. All these Collectors either pay or remit the Whole or Part of the Duties they collect to the Receiver General of the Customs: From the Collectors in the Port of London he receives either Money or Bonds; those at the Out Ports and in the Plantations remit to him their Collections in Bills, Notes, or Bullion. The Receiver General, and almost every Collector, make certain Payments out of these Duties; and thus all of them become accountable to the Public.

The Receiver General passes his owu Accounts himself before the Auditors of the Imprest; but the Collectors being so many in Number, and exercising . their Offices in different Parts of the Kingdom, it would be highly inconvenient were they obliged to pass their Accounts themselves in that Office; and therefore the Controller General of the Customs is substituted in their Stead. He examines and keeps the Accounts of all the Collectors, and passes them as his own, every Year, in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest: Hence it arises, that every Year Two Accounts are passed of the Customs; the one, the Cash Account, passed by the Receiver General, of his own Receipts and Payments; the other, the General Account, passed by the Controller General, of the Receipts and Payments of all the Collectors in England.

The Account of the Receiver General is examined by the Auditor of the Imprest, and passed, in the following Manner :-r — The Receiver General transmits to the Auditor his Book of Account, which contains Entries of all his Receipts and Payments during the Year, ranged under their respective Heads of Duties. The Charge upon him is formed by the Controller General: This Officer, seeing in the Accounts of the Collectors what Sums they have paid or remitted to the Receiver General, extracts those Sums from the several Accounts of the Collectors, and of them forms his Charge upon the Receiver General, which consists of all the Sums received by him, in the various Branches of the Customs, during the Period of the Account. This Charge the Controller General signs, and attests on Oath before a Baron of the Exchequer, and transmits it to the Auditor of the Imprest. The Sum thus charged upon the Receiver General, includes Money, unsatisfied Bonds, and Imprest Orders. Bonds £re Securities given for the Payment of certain Duties, principally Duties on Tobacco, India Goods, and Coals. Many of the Acts of Parliament that impose Duties upon Importation, do not require from the Merchant the Payment of all the Duties immediately upon the Entry; they allow him to give a Bond for the Payment of either all, or certain Portions of them, at a future limited Time: The Bond is given to the King, payable to1 the Receiver General of the Customs. The Tobacco Bond is taken from, the Merchant, at the Port of London, by the Collector Inwards; he delivers it over as Cash to the Receiver General, in whose Hands it remains until discharged.

Where a Sum is to be advanced to any Person on Account, the Receiver General issues it pursuant to the Order of the Commissioners of the Customs; this Order, with the Receipt for the Sum subscribed to it, is retained in his Custody until it is discharged; hence it follows, that the Bonds being charged upon him as Cash received, and the Imprest Orders not being produced by him to the Auditors of the Imprest as Vouchers, in his Discharge, he stands charged in his Account not only with the Cash he has received, but also with the Sums due on these Bonds, and with the Sums he has issued pursuant to such Imprest Orders.

The Discharge contains, Payments of Salaries, of Sums pursuant to Treasury Warrants and Orders of the Commissioners of the Customs, of Sums upon Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills, and Payments into the Exchequer.

The Books and Vouchers for these Payments, produced by the Receiver General to the Auditor, are — The Quarterly Establishments — Lists of the Salaries, Allowances, and Tallies — Books containing Entries of the Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills — together with the Tallies, Treasury Warrants, Orders of the Commissioners, Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills themselves — all discharged by Receipts.

To verify the Charge, the Auditor compares the Total of each Head of Duty, stated in the Account of the Receiver General as received by him, with the Entry of the same Total in the Charge made by the Controller General; and, finding them to agree, he grounds upon the Authority of that Officer his Charge upon the Receiver General.

In proceeding upon the Discharge, the Auditor requires an Authority and Receipt lor every Payment. The Authority for the Payment of the Salaries, is the Warrant of the Treasury annexed to the Establishment, or the Patents entered in the Auditor’s Office. Where the Payments are made pursuant either to a Warrant of the Treasury not entered in the Office, or an Order of the Commissioners of the Customs, the Warrant or Order must be produced to the Auditor; where the Payment is for an incidental Charge or Allowance, it must be certified by the Controller General, and allowed by the Commissioners of the Customs.

The Authority for the Payment of a Debenture, Certificate, or Portage Bill, is the Signature of Four of the Commissioners upon those Instruments.

The Tallies are the Vouchers for the Payments into the Exchequer.

The Auditor compares the Entries of the Payments, in the several Lists and Books, with their respective Vouchers; he compares the Totals of the Payments, under the various Branches of Duties, in those Lists and Books, with the Entries of the same Totals in tht Receiver Generals Book ot Account, and if they agree, he reduces the Account into the Form that Usage has established in the Office: This Official Form varies from that in which the Receiver General draws up his Book of Account; he ranges his Payments under those Heads of Duties out of which they are paid; but the Auditor distinguishes them either by the Service on which they are grounded, or the Authority that warrants the Payment, or the Instrument by which the Payment is made.

The Balance being agreed, the Receiver General £ signs

35 Geo. lit; ii° M655

signs his Account, and swears to the Truth of it before the Entries in the Weekly and Quarterly A,ccoupt Rpofys ThkteemJi a Baron of the Exchequer; after which it is passed, with are correctly cast up, and agree with the Entries In the ReP°rti1 the usual Forms, through the Offices of the Treasury and Receipt Book, and that the Totals in It^cebt Bgojk Acc^ua^ Exchequer. agree with the Entries ojf those Totals, in the Got\em

From a State of the Account before us, inserted in Account.

I N° 7. the Appendix, it appears, that the Total Charge upon The Interest on Blonds, included under this He

[ the Receiver General of the Customs, for the Year is an inconsiderably Sura, received upon those Bonds

|e.j,8h,*42. a si- ending the 5th of January 1782, was Three Millions which are not dk&hprgecj until a%r the Thpe tbgr Eight hundred and Eleven thousand Two hundred become payable. In thy Discharge, thy Hya<3| of Remand Forty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence mittapces to the Receiver General cpptyip?

Three Farthings; of which, the Sum received during Sums of Money which the Collectors hftve either paid 13,592,610.16.9*. that Year, in Money and Bonds, amounted to Three or remitted to him during thy Year, together ‘yvifh thy millions Five hundred and Ninety-two thousand Six Sum which he himself has received from thy pis-hundred and Ten Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Nine charge of Bonds in his Cystody. This General J^cr Pence One Halfpenny. <count contains a complete Account of yU the Boyds

jC-3>sM*7* *s- s* The Total Discharge was Three millions Five hun- due, for every Branch of the Customs, in the Hands dred and Sixty-five thousand Six hundred and Eighty- of every Accountant; and thyrefore the Collector Inseven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five Pence; of wards, having delivered to the Receiver (General thy £145,645. x*. 6. which, One hundred and Forty-eight thousand Six Tobacco Bonds be has taken during the Year, is dis-I hundred and Forty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and charged of them in this Account, and the Receiver

Six Pence was paid for Salaries, Incidental Charges, General becoming answerable for them, is inserted £i»77*,34*-6. 4i- and Allowances; and Two millions Seven hundred and among the Collectors, in the Place of the Collector Seventy-two thousand Three hundred and Forty-six Inwards, as far as relates to the Bonds, and is charged Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence One Halfpenny, both with the Bonds received in the Year, and witfi into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer; and the those remaining in his Haneys at the End of thy pre-Balance remaining in the Hands of the Receiver General, ceding Year: As many of them as he converts into £144,654.3. s- 4n Bonds and Imprest Orders, is Two hundred and Money, he is discharged of; and the Sum produce

Forty-four thousand Six hundred and Fifty-four Pounds by that Conversion is considered as a Remittance to £900.7.51. Three Shillings and Five Pence, and in Cash, Nine himself, and placed in the Column of Remittances to hundred Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Pence Three the Receiver General: The Amount of this Column Farthings. forming a principal Part of the Sum charged upon

the Receiver General, and admitted and accounted I. The Account of the Controller General is examined for by him in his Cash Account, the Auditor wants

! And passed in the following Manner: no other Proof, to give the Controller General Credit

The General Book of Account, comprehending the for it in this Accqunt.

Receipts and Payments of every Collector of the The Charge upon the Receiver General in the pash

Customs in England\ in every Branch of the Duties, Account, exceeds the Amount of the Remittances to during the Year, is the Ground of the Official Account him in this Account, because it includes also the Duties formed by the Auditor: This Book, signed and at- received by him from Scotland and the Plantations, tested by him on Oath, before a Baron of the Exche- and the Difference between the Amount of the Ronds quer, the Controller General transmits to the Audi- in his Hands at the Beginning and at the End of tfcje for; and with it, those Books, Accounts, Lists, and Year.

Vouchers, that verify the several Articles therein con- The Payments of the Salaries, Incidents, Deben-tained. The Sums with which he charges himself, in tures. Certificates, and Portage Bills, are expiqined this General Account, are these; First, The Money by comparing the Vouchers for those Payments with and Bonds depending at the End of the preceding the Entries in their respective Lists and Books. The Year; Secondly, The Receipts, in Money and Bonds, Vouchers for the Salaries at eajch Out Port are, the and of Interest on Bonds, during the Year; Thirdly, Quarterly Establishments, signed by Four Corami§-The Money and Bonds received from other Collec- sioners of the Customs: Those for the Incidents are; tors; and Fourthly, the Over-payments. — His Dis- the Bills themselves, discharged by proper Recyiptp. charge comprehends the following Heads; First, The A List is made, including both these Species of Pay-Over-payments at the End of the preceding Year; rnents, and Totals formed of the separate Heads:

Secondly, The Money and Bonds delivered to other This List is sworn to by the Collector, before his Pop-Collectors; Thirdly, The Remittances to the Receiver troller, and an Abstract of it is signed by the Control-General; Fourthly, The Payments of Salaries, Incidents, ler General, and allowed by Two Commissioners. All Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills, ranged these Payments, with the Totals, are entered into the under Heads; and Fifthly, The Debts depending at the General Salary and Incident Book, and the Totals End of the Year. copied into the General Account. Where the Salary

There are Three of these Heads, One in the Charge, or Incident involves a Computation, the Auditor expand Two in the Discharge, to which the Auditor mines it: He sees that the Casting is correct, and principally directs his Attention. That in the Charge traces the Entries of the Totals into the General is, The Sums received in Money and Bonds: The Account

Two in the Discharge are, The Remittances to the The Vouchers for the Payments upon Debentures,

Receiver General, and, The Salaries and other Pay- Certificates, and Portage Bills, are, the Instruments inents. The Sums received in Money and Bonds, con- themselves, properly authenticated. Each Species is sist of the Total Sums received within the Year, by each entered in a separate Book; the Payment under each Collector, in each Branch of the Duties: These To- Head of Duty cast up to a Total; and the Totals tals are taken from a General Receipt Book, which entered in the General Account. The Auditor com-contains all the Sums received Weekly by the Collec- pares these Entries with the Instruments, examines tors in the Port of London, and Quarterly by the Col- the Castings, and compares the Entries of, the Totals lectors at the Out Ports; and these are extracted from with their correspondent Entries in the General Ac-the London Wdfekly Account Books, and the Out Port count.

Quarterly Account Books; which being authenticated The Heads in the General Account; the one in by the Signature of the respective Collectors and the Charge, of Money and Bonds reqeived from Controllers, are the Authority to the Auditor to allow pther Collectors; the other in the Discharge of Mo-the Charge, ajier finding, upon comparing the ni, that ney and Bonds delivered tq other Collectors, are Vol. 40. grounded

Thirteenth Report on Public Recounts.

656 li9 Martii. A. 1785.

grounded upon the following Circumstances: — At . some of the Out Ports the Charges frequently exceed the Amount of the Duties there collected: These are called Negative Ports. To enable a Collector to defray these Charges, the Board of Customs send him a Draft, generally upon the Collector Inwards in the Port of London, payable to him or Order: This Draft he negociates; and when paid, it becomes a Voucher to charge him with the Sum he has received, and to discharge the Collector Inwards of the Sum he has paid, on his Account with the Controller General; who retains the Draft in his Possession, without producing it to the Auditor. Upon the Death or Resignation of a Collector, the Money and Bonds remaining in his Hands are delivered over to his Successor, whose Account is charged with them, and the Account of the other discharged. The Auditor, in his Account, does not distinguish these from the other ordinary Receipts and Payments of the Collectors: Finding them thus charged and discharged in the General Account, he increases the Charge upon the one, and the Discharge of the other, by the same Sums, upon the Authority of the Controller General:

He has no other Evidence of these Transactions between the Collectors; nor is it necessary he should; for, if these Two Heads of Money and Bonds received, and Money and Bonds delivered, are even, the Charge must be right; and if the whole Sum charged is accounted for, it is immaterial which of the Collectors it is that renders the Account of it.

The Four Heads, of Over-payments, and Debts depending, Two in the Charge, and Two in the Discharge, require Explanation.

The Merchant is allowed, by several Acts of Parliament, upon the Re-exportation of certain Articles of Commerce, a Drawback, in some Cases of the Whole, in others of Part, of the Duties he has paid upon the Importation. Upon other Articles he is allowed a Bounty; in some, upon the Exportation, in others, upon the Importation. This Drawback and Bounty is paid to him, upon producing to the Collector, at the Port where the Goods are exported or imported, a Debenture, authenticated by the proper Officers, as the Authority and Voucher for the Payment. Every Debenture is payable out of some Branch or Branches of the Customs. A Drawback being a Payment back, or a Return of a Duty, is paid out of the same Branch that received it The Act that gives a Bounty, usually directs out of what Duty it shall be paid: Sometimes it is directed to be paid out of any . Money in the Hands of the Collector.

The Customs being divided into a Variety of Branches, every Collector keeps a distinct and separate Account of w'hat he receives and pays upon each Branch, and transmits his Account, so distinguished under Heads, to the Controller General. He is not permitted to keep in his Hands any considerable Sum of the Duties, but continues remitting them to the Receiver General whenever' he has Opportunity. Hence it frequently happens, that a Demand for a Drawback or a Bounty is made upon a Collector, at a Time when he has in his Hands either no Money at all, or a Sum not sufficient on the Account of that Duty out of which it ought to be paid; but, having Money collected upon other Branches, he applies that Money in Discharge of the Debenture, and takes Credit for the Amount of it upon that Head of Duty out of which it ought to have been paid; this is called an Over-payment: The Consequence is, that Duty becomes indebted to him for the Amount of the Debenture, and he stands indebted for the same Sum to those Duties out of which he has paid it. These are called The Debts depending.

It is in the Option of the Collector out of what Duties he pays, either a Drawback, when he has no Money in his Hands upon the proper Branch, or a

Bounty that may be )pi\id out of any Duty; except in the following Instances: — There are Five Duties, Three on Coals, and Two on Coinage, called The Excepted Branches, out of which no Bounty should properly be paid: The Reason is, the Duties on Coals are considered neither as Imports nor Exports, but as Duties paid Coastwise; and the Coinage Duties were originally laid for the express Purpose of the Mint; and therefore, should a Collector, having no other Money in his Hands, apply these Duties in the Payment of Bounties, the Controller General would correct his Account, and make him indebted upon the Excepted Branch, and overpaid upon a Branch liable to the Duty.

This Mode of keeping the Accounts of the Se Payments is attended with this Effect: — Though a Collector may have remitted to the Receiver General, Ur paid away, every Duty he has collected, so as to have no Public Money remaining in his Hands, yet, his Accounts of the separate Duties not being balanced, he may still continue to have various Accounts open in the Customs: Almost every Collector, that has ever been in Office, though long dead, has nevertheless Accounts subsisting; and the Number of such Accounts has been constantly increasing, in Proportion to the Increase of the Number of Branches.

Every Year’s Account of the Customs must be complete, and comprehend every Account not balanced; and, consequently, it must include these old Accounts: But they are so numerous, that were they all to be particularly inserted the Magnitude of the Annual Account would be enormous, and continually increasing. To shorten this Labour there are formed Three Schedules; One called the Even Schedule, which contains a List of Collectors, with their respective subsisting Accounts, in which the Amount of the Over-payments of each is equal to the Amount of his Debts depending: Another called a Dormant Schedule, including a Set of Collectors, with their several open Accounts, in which the Amount of the Over-payments of each is not balanced by the Amount of his Debts depending: These Collectors are indebted to Government, but their Debts are considered, for the most Part, as desperate. These Two Schedules were last regulated in the Year 1776. The Third, called The Fluctuating Schedule, is formed every Year: It contains the rest of the Collectors who are dead, and their Accounts, either not even, or if even, not yet transferred into the Even Schedule; together with those Collectors in Office, who, having had no Transactions during the Year in certain Branches, are omitted in the Accounts of those Branches, and inserted in this Schedule, with the Balances under each Head, as they stand at the Foot of the preceding Year’s Account. The Even and the Dormant Schedules having been inserted at length in the General Accounts of some preceding Years, in the Accounts of the subsequent Years the total Amount only of the Over-payments, and Debts depending, under their respective Heads, are inserted in the correspondent Columns, with a Reference to that Year’s Account in which they have been so inserted at large.

The Account of every Collector, under every Head of Duty, in the Controller Generals Account, is balanced; consequently, if a Duty is overpaid, the Amount of the Over-payment, being the Balance due to him on that Duty, is entered in the Column of Overpayments, in the Charge: If he has not exhausted a Duty, the Sum remaining, being the Balance due from him on that Duty, is entered in the Column of Debts depending in the Discharge; but as the Overpayments, though entered in the Charge Side of the Account, are yet in Fact Debts due to him, and- the Debts depending, though entered in the Discharge Side, are in Fact Debts due^ from him, these Balances

being

25 Geo. III. 2i° Martii. 657

being carried over to the succeeding Year’s Account, he there becomes properly charged and discharged; for, in the First Column, he is charged with the Debts depending at the End of the preceding Year; and in the First Column of the Discharge, he has Credit for the Over-payments at the End of the same Year: N°8. Thus the First Head of Charge, in the Account before us, is, Debts depending the 5th of January 1781; and the First in the Discharge is, Over-payments the 5th of January 1781. The Auditor adopts these Two Heads in his Official Account, taking them from the last declared Account; but with this Difference: — The Entry of them in the last declared Account contains the Debts due from, and the Over-payments made-by, every Collector, upon every Branch of Duty; but in the Account depending, the Entry contains only the Totals of the Arrears and Over-payments upon each Branch of Duty, omitting the Collectors.

The Over-payments and Arrears of the Year of the Account he copies from the Controller Generals Account; for, having no Knowledge or Vouchers for the Delivery over of Money and Bonds from one Collector to another, or for any of the Transactions that give Occasion to these Entries,- he has not the Means of checking them, but must rely for the Truth of them upon the Credit and Oath of the Controller General.

The Balance consists of Money and Bonds remaining in Arrear. The Auditor does not charge this Balance to the Account of the Controller-General; for, as this Account, though passed by him, is not his own Account, but. that of the Collectors, he charges the Arrears, on every Brandi of the Duties, upon the several Collectors in whose Accounts those Arrears are found; and, consequently, the Account of the Controller General is always Even and Quit.

The Auditor having found, upon this Examination, that the General Account is right, reduces it into the Official Form, and passes it through the proper Offices.

N*8. From the State of the Account before us it appears, that the Sum received on the Customs, in Money and Bonds, by all the Collectors in the Port of London, and at the Out Ports, in the Year 1781, *5.7f was Four Millions Twenty-seven thousand Three hundred and Forty-two Pounds. Fifteen Shillings and Se-^3>49S»47* 3- io$. ven Pence Halfpenny; Of this Sum, Three millions Four hundred and Ninety-five thousand Four hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, was paid or remitted to the £ 134*541-17.7. Receiver General; One hundred and Thirty-four thousand Five hundred and Forty-two Pounds Se-j venteen Shillings and Seven Pence, was paid for Sa-

laries and Incidents at the Out Ports, and the Poun-£2*1,628.-71. jage on the Coinage Duty; and Two hundred and Eighty-one thousand Six hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds and Seven Pence Farthing, upon Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills: The Arrears, in Mo-C Mt>3*249. 10.5$. ney and Bonds, amount to One million Four hundred and Sixty-three thousand Two hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence Farthing.

N° 9. The Fees paid to the Auditors , of the Imprest, as y 10> they appear in the Lists inserted in the Appendix, consist of different Sums, paid for different Parts of the Account: The Annual Expence of them to the Public, for auditing the Account of the Receiver £*7i9« General of the Customs, is Seven hundred and Nine-L 89f teen Pounds; and of the Controller General, Eight £1,528, hundred and Nine Pounds; together One thousand Five hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds, subject to the Sixpenny Duty. The Authority upon which they are grounded is, either the Warrant of the Lord Vox.. 40.

High Treasurer Godolphin, in the Year 1704, alluded to' Thirteenth in our former Reports; or N Warrants since issued, from Report , Time to Time, by the Treasury. acmudu.

This Inquiry into the Mode of Examination given to these Accounts in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, did not supply us with all the Information we stood in need of upon the Subject of the Customs.

Much important Matter still remained for Investigation in this extensive and entangled Branch of the Public Revenue. That we might'come at a Knowledge of all the Circumstances attending it, we endeavoured to trace this Duty from the Merchant into the Hands of the Receiver General; and the Accounts kept of it, from the First Entry to the Delivery of those Accounts into the ’Office of the Auditors of the Imprest, attending chiefly to the Outlines and principal Parts of the Transactions, and omitting those minute Distinctions which create no material Diffe-; rence in the Management of this Revenue. To these Objects, combined as they are, and blended together in the Transactions they involve, we examined, in the Department of the Collection Inwards, in the Port of London, William Suckling, Esquire, De- N°n, puty Collector; Mr. James Deacon, Receiver of the k° j2. Grand Receipt; Mr. Henry Gyles, who had been em- n® 13< ployed in the Receipt of the Plantation Duties; Mr.

William Mucklow, Receiver of the Duties on Wine; n® 14.

Mr. William Sims, the Clerk of the Rates; Mr. N° 15. Hutchinson Hothersall Browne, Computer of the Duties 16,17, on Wine; Mr. William Sax by, Clerk of the War- ,8* rants; Mr. William Richardson, Deputy Controller; n° 19.

Mr. James Stephenson, First Clerk in the Inward De- n° 20. partment of the Surveyor; Mr. Peregrine Sims, Dc- n°2i. puty Surveyor General; Mr. Richard Frewin, the n° Q2,23. Examiner; and Mr. John Goldham, the Examiner of n° 24. Wine Duties. In the Department of the Collection Outwards, Mr. William Bates, the Deputy Collector; n°25.

Mr. James Dodson, the Receiver; Mr. Henry Herd, 1^26,27,28. the Deputy Controller; Mr. Charles May, the De- n°29. puty Surveyor; Mr. Walter Pingo, the Deputy Sur- no3G# veyor General; Mr. Abraham Greenwood, the Copy- n°3i. ing Clerk; and Mr> Thomas Sutton, a Deputy for k* 32. Foreign Business. And in the Department of the Collection Coastwise, Robert Weston, Esquire, Col- n° 33,34. lector of the Coal Duties; Mr. William Dobson, Clerk n° 35’ to the Controller; and Mr. Edward Millson, a Clerk n® 3$. to the Sworn Coal Meters in the City of London. We examined likewise Mr. Humphry Bache, Cashier to the n« 37* Receiver General; Mr. John Mills, Assistant to the n«38. Receiver General; Mr. John Dailey, Deputy Super- n°39. visor of the Receiver Generals Receipts and Payments; Mr. Joshua Pvivell, First Clerk to the Con- 1^*40,41,42, troller General; Mr. William Sims, One of the Exa- N°43. miners of the Out Port Collector’s Accounts; Mr.

William Saxby, Deputy Surveyor of the Out Ports; N044. and Mr. James Powell, Chief Clerk to the Inspector of N° 45. the Out Port Accounts.

A Custom Duty is paid either upon an Import, an Export, or a Carriage Coastwise; and either in the Port of London, or at an Out Port. There is a Difference in the Circumstances attending the Collection of each of these Duties. In the Port of London they are collected in this Manner: —

First, as to the Import Duties, or Duties Inwards.

— This Collection is transacted by the Deputy Collector, and Three Receivers under him. It consists of Three Divisions: The Grand Receipt — The Plantation Receipt- — and, The Wine Receipt. The Duties upon Imports from the Plantations, and upon Wine, being productive Branches of the Revenue, and creating much Trouble in the Collection, have each a separate Receiver. All the rest of the Duties 8 E Inwards

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

*5* ai° Martii. 1785.

Inwards are collected by the other; and this Dm- The Mode of Proceeding, relative to the Receipt of sion is distinguished by the Name of The Grand Re- these Duties, is nearly the same, to whichever of the ceipt. Three Divisions they belong, except in the Receipt of the

The Master of a Vessel that imports Goods, makes Wine Duties, a Report of his Ship and Cargo, as enjoined by various Wine, besides the Duties payable to the King* is Acts of Parliament, on Oath before a Deputy subject to Two others, paid upon the Import; the Collector Inwards and some One of the other prin- one by Natives, called Prisage; the other by Stran-cipal Officers, namely, the Controller, the Surveyor, gers, called Butlerage. These Duties are of very or the Surveyor General, and leaves the Report with ancient Date; and have been, as we apprehend, long the Collector. The Merchant brings to some Officer ago granted away from the Crown. Prisage was a in the Long Room at the Custom House his Bill of Right in the Crown to take One Ton where Ten, and Lading, which describes that Part of the Cargo that Two where Twenty, Tons or upwards were imported, belongs to him. From this Bill of Lading the Officer by Natives not exempted. This Duty, at first taken makes out a Warrant, which contains an Entry of all in Kind, has, Time immemorial, been compounded those Circumstances, relative to the Goods in the Bill for, by the Payment, in the Port of London, of Two of Lading, which are the Foundation of the Duties, Shillings a Ton, and, at the Out Ports, of Ten SM-and is signed by the Merchant. Of this Warrant he lings a Ton, on all Wine so imported. Strangers* makes out Six Extracts, called Bills; One for each of not being subject to Prisage, paid in lieu of it Butlerage; the following Officers; the Collector, the Clerk of the which is Two Shillings per Ton on all Wines imported Rates or Computer, the Controller, the Surveyor, the by them, whether into the Port of London, or at 'aa Out Surveyor General, and the Examiner. Each of these Port. The Prisage Tons are expressly excepted, by Bills contains the Names of the Ship and Master, the the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, from the Duties Port of Lading, and those distinguishing Circum- imposed by that Act; and from the Coinage Duty, by the stances of the Goods by which the Duties are regu- Construction of the Eighteenth of Charles the Seeded, lated. The Warrant and Six Bills are carried to the Chapter the Fifth.

Clerk of the Rates; who computes the Duties upon The Exemption from these Three Duties, the Old One of the Bills, and enters upon that Bill which is Subsidy, the Additional Duty, and the Coinage, cn-designed for the Receiver, as many Sums of Duties hances the Value of the Prisage Tons above other as there are Branches, cast up to a Total, but not Tons, to the Amount of those Duties'; and, there-the Titles of the several Branches: These computed fore, the Merchant pays to the Grantee of the Prisage Sums are expressed in Numbers of Twenty Times the Duty that Amount, in Addition to the Composition Amount* of the actual Duties, according to a Mode of Two Shillings per Ton: And upon the same of Computation made use of in the Port of London, to Ground he pays him likewise the Two Imposts of avoid the Errors that might arise in computing the 1779 and 1782, UP°° Pnsage Tons; for those fractional Parts of the several Branches. Sometimes Acts, having impost the Five Pounds per Cent, upon the Warrant and Bills are brought to the Clerk of the the Amount of all the Duties then payable to the Rates, with the Duties already computed, and en- King, the Three Duties above mentioned on the Pri-tered upon the Warrant, and upon One or Two of sage Tons, not being then payable to the King, have the Bills; and then he either examines the Compu- been considered as exempt from those Imposts; and tation, or, if he sees Reason, trusts to the Accuracy the Value of the Prisage Ton being increased above of it, and puts his Initials upon One or both of the the other Tons in Proportion, the Amount of those Bills. The Warrant and Six Bills are then carried to Two Imposts upon the Prisage Tons have been paid the Receiver; who, seeing upon One of the Bills the by the Merchant, ever since those Acts, to the Grantee Initials of the Clerk of the Rates authenticating the of the Prisage Duty. This Duty must be paid prior Computation, or finding upon the Face of it, that to any other: The Collector must not receive the rest the Computation has been made by some known until he sees that the Prisage is paid; and, therefore, Offiqer, either receives the Duties, or desires they the Warrant, and One Bill, is first brought to the Butler, may be paid to the Receiver General; or, if they or Prisage Master. The Warrant contains those Duties have been already paid, upon the Receipt of the Re- only payable to the King, not the Prisage Duties, ceiver General being produced, he enters upon the The Butler computes the Duties* enters them upon the Warrant (unless entered before) in Figures, the par- Bill, casts them to a Total, and, if they are rightly coin-ticular Sums payable on each Branch, with the Total, puted, signs the Warrant. This Signature being Evidence omitting the Titles, and signs his Name to the To- to the Collector of the Payment of the Prisage, and the tal. If the Warrant contains the Duties, he compares Deputy Prisage Master being at this Time also Computer them with the Entries on the Bill, and signs the Total; of the Duties on Wine, he relies upon the Computation, which Signature implies that he has received them: receives the Duties as entered upon the Warrant, and He enters upon the Warrant the Day of the Month, signs it. and the Number, and puts the same Number upon

the Six Bills: He retains One of them, and delivers Secondly, as to the Export Duties, or Duties Outwards, the other Five, with the Warrant, to the Clerk of the The Collector Outwards is the Officer who receives these Warrants; who procures to the Warrant the Signa- Duties.

ture of the Examiner, and of One other of the Three A Ship, designed for a Foreign Voyage, is entered principal. Officers above mentioned, and puts the Bills by the Master or Owner with the Collector. The En-into Five Boxes, for the Computer, the Controller, try describes certain Circumstances relative to the the Surveyor, the Surveyor General, and the Ex a- Ship, required by Acts of Parliament. The Mer-

miner; each of whom takes his Bill from his own chant intending to export British Manufactures, brings

Box. At the End of the Day, the Warrant being to a Clerk in this Office a Warrant, describing the completely signed, the Description of the Goods upon Goods he designs to put on board that Ship. This

it is compared, by the Clerk of the Warrants, with Warrant, being reduced into the usual Form, is signed

the like Description upon the Bills of the Computer, by the Merchant, and left with the Collector. A Copy and of some Two of the other Officers: He enters the of it is made out on Parchment, caUed a Cocket. Warrant in Mb Warrant Book, and delivers it to the The Duties are computed, and their several Branches Land Waiter, as the Authority for permitting the Goods entered upon both the Warrant and Cocket. The to be landed; and, after the Ship is cleared, itis deposited Collector compares them together, marks the Cocket with the Jerquer. with the Initials of his Name, and* upon receiving

4 the

35 Geo. III. 2i° Marlii. 659

the Duties, signs his Name under them upon the both Outwards, in the Port of London; a Collector of Thirteenth Cocket as his Receipt Four Copies are made of this the Duties on Wool and Leather, and a Collector of the Repprfr Cocket (but without the Duties) and carried with it Duties on White Woollen Cloths: But the Produce ofcco^Cf to the Controller, the Surveyor, the Surveyor General, these Duties being represented to us as very inconsider-and Copying Clerk Outwards; each of whom keeps a able, we did not think them important enough to require Copy, and adds his Initials to the Cocket. The Con- a particular Examination, troller then puts to it the Seal of Office; and, being

signed by the Collector and Controller, or some One The Computation of the Duties is a material Part other of the principal Officers, it is delivered to the of these Transactions. There is some Rule for finding Merchant, as a Warrant to the Searcher, to permit him out the Quantum to be paid for every Duty; and the to ship the Goods described in it. Terms of that Rule are defined by the Act that im-

poses the Duty. The Legislature assumes some Qua-Thirdly, as to the Duties Coastwise. These arise lity or Circumstance belonging to the Article of principally from Coals; which, being of different Commerce, as the Measure by which the Duty is to be

Kinds, the Quantity is computed of some by the regulated and ascertained. It is in some Cases a de-

Weight or Ton, of others by the Measure or Chal- terminate Sum; in others a certain Portion of a Sum, dron. This Measure is likewise different at different to be estimated either upon a given Quantity, Value,

Places. The Chaldron at the Port of Lading, whether Measure, Number, or Weight, of the Subject Matter, Newcastle or Sunderland, is more than the Chal- or to be computed upon the Aggregate of some former dron at the Port of London (which is according to Duties. The most ancient Customs payable to the the fVtnchester Measure) in the Proportion nearly of Crown, now subsisting, are those imposed by the Twenty-one to Eleven. The Ship loaded with Coals Twelfth of Charles the Second, Chapter the Fourth, is entered- with the Collector of the Coal Duties called The Act of Tonnage and Poundage. The Cir-within Four Days after she has passed Gravesendr. The cuinstances adopted by that Act, as the Measures of

Master produces to him a Cocket, describing the the Duties, are — the Quantity — and the Value. The

Quantity of Coals on board the Ship, if measured by Objects of the Act are, -Wine, Rated Goods, and a the Chaldron, according to the Measure in use at the Species of Woollen Cloths. Wine being a Subject of Port of Lading; and either pays into the Hands of liquid Measure, a certain Sum was imposed upon a the Receiver General, or deposits with the Collector, certain Quantity, viz. a Ton; whence this Duty ob-a Sum, computed upon the Quantity, sufficient to tained the Appellation of Tonnage. The Rated answer the Duties; or otherwise, gives his Bond, with Goods are enumerated Alphabetically in a Schedule One Surety, to the Collector, to pay the Duties annexed to, and forming Part of, the Act, and called which shall become due upon the Quantity that the The Book of Rates. Upon each of them a certain Sworn Meter shall certify to have been delivered from Value or Rate (whence they derive their Name) is the Ship. In either Case, of the Deposit or Bond, fixed, according either to the Quantity, the Measure, the Duties must be discharged within Sixteen Working the Number, or the Weight; and a certain Portion Days after the Entry, or otherwise the Proprietor loses of a Pound Sterling, computed upon the Amount the Discount of Two and One Half per Cent. allowed in Value of the whole Quantity imported or exported, him upon the Amount of the Three old Duties. A estimated according to the given Rate, is the Duty Warrant is filled up from the Cocket, the Sum de- imposed upon them, and from thence it is denomi-posited entered upon it, and, being signed by the nated a Poundage. The Duty upon Woollen Cloths,

Collector and Controller, it is transmitted to the Coal being a certain Sum upon every Piece of certain Di-Meter, as his Authority for delivering the Ship, mensions, comes under neither of these Deoomina*

After the Ship is cleared, the Coal Meter certifies tions; hence these Three, The Tonnage, The Pound-upon the Back of this Warrant the Number of Chal- age, and a specific Sum upon a specific Article, dron delivered, according to the Pool Measure. This comprehend all the Custom Duties imposed by that Certificate being brought to the Collector, he com- Act. Subsequent Acts of Parliament, finding new pules the Duties upon the Quantity certified, and Objects for this Duty, introduced new Rules of Com-enter$ the Total of them in the Margin of the Certificate, putation adapted to those Objects: And other Acts,

The Controller re-computes these Duties, and either imposing additional Duties upon the Objects of for-enters his own Computation in the other Margin of the mer Acts, and assuming new Measures of Coitiputa-Certificate, or marks that of the Collector, to signify his tion, have varied and Multiplied the? Rules for Agreement with him. The Collector then settles the finding out the Amount of the Duties payable upon Duties with the Factor. Where a Deposit has been the same Article; and, a Variety of Articles of dif-made, if it exceeds the Amount of the Duties, as it ferent Kinds being frequently comprehended in One most frequently does, he returns the Surplus; if it is Bill of Lading, the Computer is obliged1 to have Re-less, he receives the Deficiency. A separate Account course to a still greater Variety of Rules, before ho beflig kept of the Duties and Deposits, as the Certi- can come at the Amount of the Duties payable ficates are produced, and the Duties computed upon upon the Goods contained in One single BUI of them and received, the Collector becomes charged with Lading.

the Duties, and discharged of the Deposits. If a Bond The Subject Matter of the Duties we have hitherto has been given, the Factor pays the Duties usually to been describing are, either the Rated Goods, that is, the Receiver General, leaves his Receipt with the Col- those Articles of Commerce enumerated in the Book lector, and takes of his Bond. The Certificate remains of Rates annexed to the Act of Tonnage and Pound-filed in the Office. age, and in the additional Book of Rates established

by the Act of the Eleventh of George the First, Chap-This is the usual Mode of proceeding in the Entry of ter the Seventh, upon various Goods omitted in the the Goods, and in the Computation and Payment of the First Book, or Goods charged with a specific Duty:

Duties; but the Hurry and Multiplicity of the Business Biit there are other Species of Qhods subject to Cus-frequently occasion a Deviation from the Order in toms, not included in either of these Descriptions, which the Transactions are here described to follow each and called Unrated Goods. These Goods pay Duties other; yet not so as to disturb those Circumstances that ad Valorem, that'is, the Value is the Measure of the are essential to the Accuracy of the Computation, or Duty; and that Value is ascertained, of some, by the be Security* of the Receipt: Oath of the Importer, of others, by the Sale. — Where

Besides these Thro* thepeareTwo more Collectors, the Oath of the Importer determines the Value, that . Vox* 40. Oath

Thirteenth

Report on Public Accounts.

660

2iQ Martii. A. 1785.

Oath is taken upon the Importation, before certain Officers of the Customs; and as a Check upon the Oath, and to prevent Fraud, by the Regulations annexed to the Eleventh of George the First, Chapter the Seventh, the Officers are at Liberty to take the Goods from the Importer at the Value sworn to, paying him back the Duties he has paid for them, and allowing him Ten per Cent\ more than the Value he has sworn to These Goods must then be sold publicly; and the Overplus of the Sum produced by the Sale, above the Value sworn to and the Duties, is equally divided between the Crown and the Officers.

If sold for less than the Value sworn to, the Crown sustains the Loss. — Where the Value is ascertained by the Sale, the Duties are computed, either upon the Gross Value, that is, the Price the Goods are sold at, or the reduced Value, that is, the Price they are sold at after certain Deductions. This Measure of Computation is grounded upon the Act of the Second and Third of Anne> Chapter the Ninth, and relates to certain unrated Goods, imported by the East India Company. The Deductions directed by that Act to be made from the Price at the Sale, and now in Use, are, an Allowance of Six Pounds per Cent. upon that Sum to the Company for their Charges, and the Amount of the Net Duties then payable to the Crown upon the Remainder. The Purchaser of these Goods buys them free of Duties: The Company are to pay them; and the Sum of Duties they are to pay, depends upon the Sum produced by the Sale. This Sum, therefore, contains the Allowance, the Duties, and the Value to the Company; and, being divided into these Three Parts, gives the Duties payable to the Crown upon the reduced Value.

The Multiplicity and Intricacy of the Rules for finding out the Duties, render it necessary to interpose Checks upon the Computation. The Collector is the Officer charged with, and responsible for, the Duties. It concerns him, therefore, as well as the Public, that they should be accurately computed. The Collector Inwards is assisted, in the Computation of the Duties, by the Clerk of the Rates, called also the Computer. One Officer in this Department computes the Duties on Wine; the other, all the rest of the Duties. The Collector, previous to signing his Name to the Duties upon the Warrant, must be satisfied that the Sums entered upon the Bill retained by him, being the same with those , upon the Warrant, have been either computed or revised by the Clerk of the Rates, or by some other known Officer, on whose Accuracy he can rely. — After the Business of the Day is closed, he enters in his Cash Book, from these Bills, expressed in their real Net Sums, every Article of Duty he has collected during the Day, under its proper Branch. The Computer makes from his Bill the like Entries in his Cash Book. Four other Officers, the Controller, the Surveyor, the Surveyor General, and the Examiner, have each of them a similar Bill delivered to him by the Clerk of the Warrants, and is thereby furnished with the same. Materials for forming the Computation. Each of these Officers computes the Duties upon his Bill, and makes daily Entries of the Duties in his . Cash Book, similar to the Entries made by the Collector in his Cash Book. As often as Business. wifi permit, these Five Officers examine and compare together every Entry in their respective Cash Books, with, the correspondent Entries in the Cash Book of the Receiver. The Articles that disagree are re-rcomputed; if they all agree, each casts up to a Total the Entries of each Day, under every Branch of Duty, in his owp Cash Book: Of these daily Totals, he forms weekly Totals, and reduces them to one entire Sum; which is the Amount of the Duties collected by each Receiver during the Week, These

several Totals are examined and compared together by„the same Officers, in like Manner with the daily Entries; and thus Five Officers become Checks upon the Collector, not only as to the Computation of every Article of Duty in every Warrant, but as to the Sum of Duties collected every Day and every Week, by every Receiver.

The Collector Outwards has no Computer to assist him, previous to his Receipt of the Duties: He computes them himself, and enters the several Branches upon the Warrant and Cocket, and inserts in his Cash Book every Article of Duty under its proper Head; but Three of the Officers who are Checks upon the Collector Inwards, the Controller, the Surveyor, and the Surveyor General, are Checks likewise upon the Computation and Receipt of the Collector Outwards: Each of them has a Bill or Copy of the Cocket, and casts upon his own Bill all the Branches of the Duties; and either that Day, or the next Morning, they all compare the Description of the Goods, and the Sums of the Duties, entered upon their Bills, with the like Description upon the Warrant in the Hands, of the Collector. The Copying Clerk Outwards does not compute the Duties upon his Bill, but he attends at the same Time with the Checks, to see that the Description of the Goods upon the Bill agrees with the like Description upon the Warrant: He enters the Bill in a Book

kept for that Purpose, and transmits it to the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports. Each of the Three Checks makes the like Entries of the Duties in his Cash Book as are made by the Collector. These Entries are cast up to Totals, and compared and examined with the correspondent Entries in the Cash Book of the Collector, in the same Manner as the Entries of the Collector Inwards are examined by his Checks. The Collector Coastwise is checked in his Computation and Receipt by a Controller and Examiner. The Collector and Controller having computed the Duties upon the Certificates, the Collector enters in his Books the Articles on each Certificate under their several Branches, with the Deposit, and the Number of Chaldron of Coals delivered. The Controller enters in his Books, in One Sum, the Amount of the Duties on each Certificate brought by different Factors, of the Amount of the Duties upon all the Certificates brought by the same Factor: He enters likewise the Deposits from the

Warrants, and the Number of Chaldron delivered from the Certificates. Each of these Officers form daily and weekly Totals, both of the Duties and Deposits, and compare together those Totals. Each of them, at the Close of the Week, computes the Amount of every Branch of the Duties upon the Number of Chaldron certified during the Week, and they compare together their respective Entries of the Quantity and of the Duties. Every Quarter a similar Computation and Comparison is made by both these Officers, upon the Amount of the Weekly Quantities certified during the Quarter, cast up to a Total.:

The Examiner interposes his Check: upon the Collector once a Quarter. This Officer receives from the Collector his Quarter Book, from the Coast Collector a Quarterly List of the Coal Ships* and from the Coal Meters, from Time to Time, a Duplicate of the Certificates. Thus furnished with the Quantity of Coals delivered during the Quarter^ by computing the Duties upon that Quantity he checks‘the: Computation and Receipt of the Collector. , . *.

The Difficulty arising from the Variety and Intricacy of the Rules of Computatkm^v renders the Interposition of Checks necessary, not only upon the Receipt of the Duties, but jikewise upon many of the Payments, particularly the Payment of the

Drawbacks.

35 Geo. III. $i ° MartiL

Drawbacks. An Entry for Exportation, of Goods eiiti- Every Day, just before the Treasury shuts, he pays Thirteenth tied to a Drawback, frequently comprehends a Variety of in nearly the Amount of the Duties he has collected ReP01* Articles, sometimes Twenty-five in Number, im- during the Day, and the Remains of the precedingAccounts ported by the same or different Merchants, at the Day, retaining a Sum sufficient to answer the Pay-same or different Times, to be exported to the same ments he expects to be called upon to discharge, or different Places. Upon some of them all the The Sum received in the Day by the Collector Out-Duties, upon others. Portions only of the Duties wards, not being considerable, he makes no daily paid, are drawn back; and sometimes different Por- Payments to the Receiver General; but at the End tions of different Duties upon the same Article, Parts of the Week he pays, in One entire Sum, as near of which have been imported at different Periods, as may be, the Amount of his Collection during the and the Drawback upon that Species varied by the Week.

Legislature in the intervening Time: Every one of The Payments made to the Receiver General, by

these Circumstances requires a different Rule of Com- the Collectors Outwards and Coastwise, are of Cash putation. only. Those made by the Receivers Inwards consist of

Debentures, whether for a Drawback or a Bounty, Cash, and Debentures for Drawbacks and Bounties. undergo a Variety of Formalities and Examinations, Some of these Debentures, being paid by the Re-and must have a Number of Signatures to render them ceivers to the Merchants out of the Duties they have t

complete: They are made out by the Collector Out- collected, are delivered in to the Receiver General as wards: the one* from a Certificate, signed by the a Part of those Duties; others of them are taken Clerk of the Certificates, that the Duties under their by the Receiver of the Grand Receipt from the East several Branches, upon the Articles entered for Ex- India Company, in discharge of certain Duties. The portation therein enumerated, have been paid; the Merchant, having'purchased from the Company, and other, from the Bond given by the Merchant for the exported Goods entitled to a Drawback, procures a Exportation of the Goods specified in the Entry. Debenture for that Drawback, and pays it to the The Goods on which either the Drawback or the Company in Part of his Purchase Money. The Bounty is computed, are those certified by the Search- Company pay it to the Receiver, on Account of the ers to have been actually shipped. — On a Debenture Duties they owe for those Goods, and which are for a Drawback, the Duties to be paid back, upon secured by their Bond. This Debenture, being accepted every Branch, are computed, and endorsed in Figures, by the Receiver as Cash, is paid in as Cash to the by the Clerk of the Rates. The Controller checks Treasury. 1

this Computation. The Examiner computes, and inserts

them in Figures upon the Back of the Debenture, with The Receipt we have been describing is of Duties the Titles of the Branches, and the Amount in Words paid upon the Entry; but there are Two Species of at Length. — On a Debenture for a Bounty, the Col- Goods (exclusive of Coals, described above) the Du-lector Outwards computes, and enters, at different ties on which are not paid upon the Entry, but se-Times, the several Branches, and the Amount in cured by Bonds; these are, East India Goods, and Figures and in Words at Length. The Controller, Tobacco.

Surveyor, and Surveyor General, successively check The East India Company, for every one of their

this Computation. Ships, enter into Four Bonds, in penal Sums, to se-

Certificates of Over-entries and Damages, entitle the cure the Payment of the Duties; one for the rated Merchant to receive back a Proportion of the several Duties, payable within Twelve Months, by equal Duties he has paid upon the Entry; and consequently Half Yearly Payments; another for the unrated Du-the Computation of this Proportion is similar to that ties; a Third for the Fifteen per Cent. on Muslins; of the Duties themselves. and a Fourth for the Ten per Cent. on Callicoes.

The Portage is an Allowance to the Master of a These Three last are payable within stated Periods

Vessel, in Consideration of his having made a just from the Time the Goods are sold. The Bonds for Report of his Cargo, of a certain Sum, in some Cases the rated Duties are left with the Receiver of the of Six Shillings and Eight Pence, in others of Ten Grand Receipt. ' After the Goods are landed, the Shillings per Cent. upon the Amount of that Branch Surveyor of the East India Compan)r’s Warehouses called Customs, arising from his Cargo: It is paid sends^to him a Warrant, describing the Goods, and to him upon his Requisition. From hence it appears, signed by Eight Officers: The Company send him that to all these Payments some Computation is neces- the Six Bills: The Duties are computed upon the sary, distinguished only by the different Degrees of Warrant and Bills, and pass the Checks in the usual Labour and Difficulty attending it. Manner. The Receiver enters these bonded Duties

in a separate Account in his Cash Book, under their The Duties being thus collected, and the Compu- proper Branches, and charges himself with them in

tation and Receipt checked, by Officers appointed to his Weekly Abstract, under the Head of Bonds

that Service, they are paid, by the Collectors and charged: They are cast up to Totals, and examined Receivers themselves, or by their Direction, into with the correspondent Accounts of the Checks, in the Treasury; that is, the Office of the Receiver the same Manner as the Duties received. As the General. complete Moieties of these Duties are paid to the

The Receiver of the Grand Receipt is directed, by Receiver, his Cash Account is charged with them, his Deputation, to pay to the Receiver General the apd his Bonded Account discharged; and when he Money he shall collect each Day; and, at the End has received the Whole of the Duties, he delivers up of every Quarter, to balance, as near as possible, the the Bond. $

Accounts of all -the Money he shall have received The Bonds for the unrated Duties are delivered to during the Quarter, by placing it to the several Funds the Collector Inwards. The Measure of these Duties to which it shall be applicable. All the Collectors being ascertained by the Sale, the Goods are entered and Receivers ought to pay into the Treasury the upon the Warrants and Bills; and the Duties com-Duties they collect during the Day, reserving only puted and entered in the usual Manner, and paid to so much as they have Reason to believe will be soon the Receiver: And upon the Certificate of the Corn-demanded of them on Account of the Revenue. The puter and Controller, that all the Goods contained usual Time of the Day for shutting up the Treasury is in the Warrant have been sold, and the Duties brought Two o’Clock; but the Receiver, for the Accommo- to Account in the Kings Books, the Collector delivers dation of the Merchant, stays at his Office, and con- up the Bond.

tinues in the Receipt of Duties, beyond that Hour. The Tobacco Bonds are taken by the Receiver of Vox,. 40. 8F the

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts*

V 46.

N°47-

662 2\° Mar Hi. A, 1785.

the Plantation Duties, but not until after the Quantity and his Weekly Appropriation, given to the Receiver of Tobacco has been entered upon the Warrant and General, should contain the Net Surplus of his Re- Bills, and the Duties computed and entered in the ceipt above his Payments in each Branch: But the usual Manner. The Bonds are then given for double Payments made by the Receiver General, out of the the Amount of the Duties, and the Branches are ‘different Branches, occasion a Deviation from this entered in the Margin of the Bond. The Controller Appropriation. He makes up his Account at the

witnesses the Execution, and enters the Branches of End of every Week, and pays his Balance into the

the Duties in his Book. The Receiver charges him- Exchequer. The only appropriated Sums he receives self with them, under their several Branches, in his in the Course of the Week, are, the Collections from Account of Bonds charged. Every Month he de- the Out Ports, and the Payments on Bonds; but he livers all these Bonds to the Receiver General, and is continually, either pursuant to Orders, or in the discharges his Account of Bonds. This Bonded Ac- usual Course of Business, making Payments out of count is thus transferred to the Receiver General; who certain Branches, without a Possibility of knowing, charges himself with the Number of Bonds delivered to at the Time, whether the Receipt upon those Branches him, and with the Amount of the Duties secured by will, at the End of the Week, be sufficient to ba-them. As these Duties are paid to him, he enters lance the Payments: This occasions frequent Over-them in his Cash Account, discharges his Bonded payments in various Branches. It is the Usage in the Account, and delivers up the Bonds. Office of the Receiver General, and necessary to pre-

The Payments into the Treasury are the only Pay- vent constant Confusion in his Accounts, not to per*

inents made by the Collectors Outwards and Coast- mit any Branch in his Weekly Account to be overwise. The Three Receivers Inwards make other paid: To prevent it, therefore, at the End of the Payments out of the Duties they collect: They all Week, after he has cast up his Receipts and Pay-pay those Debentures, which they deliver as Cash to inents upon every Branch, he delivers to the Receiv-the Receiver General: And the Receiver of the Grand ers Inwards, and sometimes to the Collector Out-Receipt pays other Debentures, which he does not wards, a List of all the Branches overpaid, and what deliver to the Receiver General; and the Receiver of Sums of the Receipt of the Week he wants to have the Wine Duties pays Imprest Orders; both of which appropriated under those Branches: On the smalt are produced by them, and allowed as Vouchers in their unproductive Branches he requires the exact Ba-Discharge, in the Accounts they severally pass with the lances; on the productive Branches, entire Sums, Controller General. rather more than the Balances. The Receiver delivers

These daily Payments are Payments on Account of in to him an Appropriation of all the Duties paid by the Duties; but at the End of the Week, every Col- him into the Treasury during the Week, signed by lector and Receiver pays into the Treasury the Whole, him, and examined and agreed by a Clerk in the or nearly the Whole, of the Duties then remaining Office of the Receiver General: In this Appropriation in his Hands, and at the same Time delivers to the he gives him the Sums under the Branches he has Receiver General an Appropriation or Arrangement required, and appropriates the Residue among the of all the Duties he has paid in during the Week, other Branches. As the Duties so appropriated, at the under separate and distinct Heads or Branches of Du- Request of the Receiver General, must be taken from ties. This Appropriation is grounded upon the Acts other Branches, the Receiver endeavours, in the Ap-of Parliament that impose the Duties — As the Legis- propriation of the next Week’s Receipt, to restore these lature have, from Time to Time, for the Increase or Loans of the preceding Week, from the Branches to Improvement of this Revenue, either selected new Ob- which they had been added, to those whence they were jects, or laid additional Duties upon the Objects of taken.

former Acts, they have directed, in many of the The Receiver General does not interfere in the

Acts, distinct Accounts to be kept of the Duties to Appropriation of the Coal Duties; for. Debentures, arise from each Act, by the Officers both of the for Drawbacks, and certain Salaries, being the only Customs and of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Ex- Payments made out of them by the Receiver General, chequer; and, where the Acts have been silent as to the Receipt in every Branch always exceeds the Pay-this Distinction, yet these Officers have kept the Ac- ments. Upoti the last Day of every Week, the Recounts separate. Hence the Customs have, in Process ceiver General makes out Four Accounts or Certifi-of Time, branched out into a Variety of Heads, to which, cates. One of them contains the Surplusses of his as they arose, the Officers of the Customs have given Receipts, above his Payments, in every Branch, Titles, expressive, in general, either of the Date, Subject during the Week, pursuing the Appropriation deli-Matter, Design, or Rate of the Duty. vered to him by the Collectors and Receivers. On

The Number of Branches now subsisting, in the Port the succeeding Wednesday he delivers this Certificate, of London and the Out Ports, is Sixty-eight; of which and pays into the Exchequer the Amount of these the Department Inwards comprehends Fifty-three. Of Surplusses. The other rlhree contain, each of them. Duties expired, but of which the Accounts are still open, the Amount of the Duties received by him, during and rendered every Year, by the Controller General, to the Week, from all the Collectors and Receivers in the Auditor of the Imprest, there are Twenty-seven, the Port of London, and at the Out Ports, under each and Five more, called the Plantation Duties; in all Branch, according to the Appropriation of the Col-One hundred. lectors and Receivers; and the Amount of the Payments made by him in each Branch, and the Sur-

It is in consequence of the several Acts, that the plusses of each Branch to be paid by him into the Duties are entered in distinct Sums upon the Warrants, Exchequer. He signs these Certificates, and sends

Cockets, and Bills; and in Columns, under separate them, One to the Lords Commissioners of His Ma-I leads, in the Cash Books of the Collectors, Receivers, jesty’s Treasury, One to the Commissioners of the and Checks. Customs, and the Third to the Supervisor of his Re-

As the same Accounts must be distinguished in the ceipts and Payments.

Receipt of the Exchequer, the Officers in that Depart- Every Week, every Collector and Receiver makes ment must receive the Appropriation from the Receiver out an Account of his Receipts and Payments during General. He must receive it from those who collect the Week. The Receipts are the Totals of each the Duties, and pay them to him. The Cash Books Branch of the Duties received in the Week, as en-of every Collector and Receiver contain an Account tered from the Warrants, cast to One Total, which of the Amount of the Daily and Weekly Receipts, is the Amount of the Receipt of the Week. The accurately appropriated under their proper Branches; Payments are the Sums paid during the Week into 6 the

25 Geo. III. 21%

the Treasury; which Sums, in the Accounts of the Three Receivers Inwards, consist of Cash, and Debentures paid as Cash.: But the Account of the last Week of the Quarter, of the Receiver of the Grand Receipt, contains also the Amount of those Debentures which he has paid during the Quarter, and not delivered to the Receiver General; and the Account of the Receiver of the Wine Duties, includes the Imprest Orders he has paid during the Week. The Payments to the Receiver General are appropriated, in all these Accounts, in the s^me Manner as in the Appropriation Papers delivered to hinfi by the Collectors and Receivers.

The Debentures paid by the Receiver of the Grand Receipt, and not delivered to the Receiver General, are passed every Quarter with the Controller General, and appropriated under those Branches out of which they were paid.

The Imprest Orders, paid by the Receiver of the Wine Duties, are passed Once a Year with the Controller General; they are, much the greatest Part of them, paid out of One Branch only, the Impost on Wine and Vinegar; and, consequently, appropriated under that Branch. — These Debentures and Imprest Orders, are sent, with the Accounts, to the Controller General, as Vouchers for those Payments.

The Collector Outwards, paying his Receipt only once a Week, upon the last worlang Day, into the Treasury, generally appropriates the Sum he pays in to One Branch only, and to that Branch which has produced to him the greatest Portion of Duties: In his Weekly Account, he appropriates this Sum to the same Branch under which he has paid it in to the Receiver General.

It has been usual for these Collectors and Receivers, in the last Week of every Quarter, to appropriate the Receipt of that Week among the Branches, in such Proportions as to bring the Receipts and Payments, under each Branch, as near as possible to a Balance; but the great Increase lately in the Number of Branches, has delayed the Completion of this Part of their Business. The Weekly Account and Duplicate are both signed by the Collector or Rer ceiver, as vouching both Sides of the Account, and sent to his Controller, and to some other of his Checks: They compare the Receipt Side with the

correspondent Accounts in their own Books, and sign both the Account and Duplicate, as vouching the Truth of the Receipt, but not of the Payments. The Account is sent to the Controller General, and the Duplicate to the Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payments. This last Officer, being thus possessed of the Weekly Certificates of the Receiver General, and of the Duplicates of the Weekly Accounts of the Collectors and Receivers, by com* paring the Receipts admitted in the Certificates, with the Payments stated in the Duplicates, knows, with Certainty, the Amount of the Payments into the Treasury, from the Port of London, during the Week; and sees that the Receiver General has charged himself with that Amount: He is a Check likewise upon the Bonded Account of the Receiver General, and upon the Deposits made, and the Interest due on the Bonds.

The Receiver of the Plantation Duties, at the Time he delivers the Tobacco Bonds to the Receiver General, sends to the Supervisor a Schedule of them, signed by his Controller. The Receiver General sends to him the Bonds themselves. He compares them with the Schedule, enters them in his Account, and returns them to the Receiver General. As these Bonds are discharged, the Receiver General certifies to him the Cash he receives, and on what Bonds. — Where a Merchant makes a Deposit with the Receiver General in part Discharge of his Bond, he

Vo l. 40.

Martii. j

brings the Receipt of the Receiver General for that Thirteenth Deposit, to be registered by the Supervisor, before Report he pays it to the Receiver General; and where Interest becomes due on a Bond, the Supervisor calcu- ccoun lates and enters it before it is paid into the Treasury; and, occasionally, the Supervisor examines the Bonds remaining in the Custody of the Receiver General, in order to be satisfied that he possesses the Number he stands charged with.

Upon the remaining Duties that come to the Hands of the Receiver General, namely, the Collections at the Out Forts, in the Plantations, and in Scotland, the Supervisor is no Check: No Account of them is transmitted to him. To watch the Receipt of these Duties, is the Province of the Controller General.

When these Collectors remit to the Receiver General, their respective Controllers send to the Controller General Accounts of those Remittances. The Weekly Certificates of the Receiver General, sent to the Controller General from the Board, shew how far he has charged himself with those Remittances.

The Payments by the Receiver General are, Sums due upon Debentures, Certificates, Portage Bills, and the Establishments; Sums in pursuance of Treasury Warrants, or Orders of the Commissioners of the Customs; and the Surplusses into the Exchequer.

The Supervisor examines them all. The Receiver General sends to him, every Day, those Books which contain the Entries of the Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills, which he has paid the preceding Day. The Supervisor copies these Entries; and every Saturday Two Clerks in each Office compare the Entries in both their Books with the Instruments themselves; and if they correspond, and have their proper Acquittances, these Vouchers are cancelled (by striking an Iron, particularly pointed, through them) and left with the Receiver General. — Copies of the Establishments are sent by the Board to this Office; and where a Payment is directed by a Patent, Constitution, or Treasury Warrant, those Instruments are there entered. The Supervisor, generally, every Quarter, compares the Entries of these Kinds of Payments in the Weekly Certificates, with the Vouchers, and with the Establishments and Entries of the Authorities in the Office, and signs his Name to each Voucher, as a Certificate to the Auditors of the Imprest that he has examined it He examines the Tallies from Time to Time, with the Surplusses stated in the Weekly Certificates to have been paid into the Exchequer, and signs and returns them to the Receiver Genera). The Receipts and Payments of the Receiver General being thus checked, and the Vouchers for his Payments all returned to him, examined and authenticated by Officers appointed to that Service, he draws up his Annual Account, and transmits it with the Vouchers to the Auditor of the Imprest.

Such is the Progress of the Custom Duties in the Port of London, and in this Manner are the Accounts of them kept. The same Rules arc pursued at the Out Ports, as far as the Difference of Circumstances will admit.

Every Out Port has a Collector, a Customer, and a Controller: The Collector computes, receives,

and keeps an Account of all the Duties. The other Two are intended as Checks upon him, and are equally bound to make the Computations and to keep the same Accounts, except in the Instance of the Duties on Coals Coastwise, which are not within the Province of the Customer; for the Legislature has intrusted the Management of those Duties entirely and peculiarly to the Commissioners of the Customs: They are collected and controlled by the special Appointment of that Board, and not, as the other Duties, by virtue of the Warrant of the

Treasury;

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N* 48.

664 ai° Mar Hi. 1785.

Treasury; and therefore sometimes the Coal and other troller General. The Surveyor, bfcing thus possessed Duties are both collected and controlled by different of the Three Quarter Books, it is his Province to Persons. compare them. He pays little Attention to the Ac-

Among the Duties paid upon Coals at the Out count of the Customer; for in all the Out Ports, exports, We found a Duty paid at Newcastle, and not tept Five or Six, the Collector himself is the Deputy brought to the Account of the Public. Not be- Customer, and sends up, though not very regularly, a ing able to procure, readily, other Means of In- Quarter Book in each Capacity. The Surveyot de*-formation relative to this Duty, we applied to Sir pends upon the Account of the Controller, as the Blackstone Conyers, Baronet, Collector of the Customs Check upon that of the Collector. If he finds, upon at the Port of Newcastle; who informed us, by Let- comparing them, that they agree, he signs, at the ter, that the Duty we enquired after is One Shilling Foot of the Collector’s Quarter Book, the Abstract per Chaldron, by the Newcastle Measure, paid by the of the Examiner, and returns the Book to him.' If Fitter, on Account of the Purchaser of the Coals, at they do not agree, he marks the Differences in the 1 the Time of clearing the Ship Coastwise. This Duty, Margin of the Controller’s Quartet Book; which, as well as the Prisage and Butlerage, has, as we ap- with that of the Customer, is deposited in this prehend, been long 'since granted away from the Office.

Crown. / ‘ The Out Port Collector, generally, every Quarter,

The Accounts of the Out Port Collectors are exa- sends to the Board a preparatory Account of Inci-mined by Three Officers at the Custom House in dents incurred at His tort, 'with the Bills themselves. London; the Examiner, the Surveyor, and the In- These Bills are referred to the propefr Officers for their spector of the Out Port Collectors Accounts; each Examination and Report*; in'consequence of which, of whom has a separate Department in this Exami- the Board issue their Orders to the Collector and nation. Controller for the Payment of them. The Inspector

Every Out Port Collector transmits to the Board receives, either from the Board or the Collector, a Three Accounts; a Monthly, a Quarterly, and an Quarterly Account of his Payments for Salaries and Annual Account. The Monthly Account is an Ab- Incidents during the Quarter, sworn to by him before stract of all his Receipts and Payments during the his Controller, and signed by both of them. With 'Month. This being , a Cash Account, shews the Ba- this Account -he receives the Establishment, and the lante remaining in his Hands at the End of every Vouchers for all the Payments. He compares the Month. The Controller Generid extracts the Ba- Entries of the Payments in the Account with the larices from these Abstracts, and transmits them to Vouchers. He examines the Formality of the Vouch-the Board; who send them to the Lords Commissioner, and sees that it is warranted by thp proper Auers of the Treasury. The Annual Account is an thority* that is, the Establishment or Order of the Abstract of his Receipts and Payments during the Board. Having received from the Examiner the Year: This is of Use to the Controller General; it Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills,' he en-»assists him in adjusting the Account he kfeOps in his ters them, with all the other* Payments, in his Books;

Books of the same Period. Both these Accounts are and delivers the Account, with all the Vouchers, to signed by the Controller. the Controller General. This Officer, -being thus

The Quarterly Account is the Subject of Examina- possessed of complete Accounts of the Receipts and tion. A Quarter Book* is transmitted to the Board; Payments, with the Vouchers of all the Collectors, by every Out Port-Collector, every Quarter. Tt'con- both*in London and at the Out Ports, examined and tains all the Transactions of the Quarter, both as to checked by Officers appointed for that Purpose, makes the Receipts and Payments, except the Remittances up from these Materials his Annual Account, and trans-to the Receiver General: It states the Circumstances tnits it, with the slime Materials, and with the Vouchers,

;of every Entry, and the Duties arising from1 it, ranged to the Auditor of the Imprest. under their proper Branches; together with every ' 'Besides the Dirties we have been describing, there is Payment, placed under some Head of* Duty: And another Source ofrRevCnue accruing to the Crown from -with-it are sent up all the Vouchers for the Payments, the Customs, the Produce of which is casual, and of a The Customer and Controller each sends up a similar Kind different from the rest, namely, the Fines and Quarter Book/ The Examiner takes the Collector’s Forfeitures. These'*are the- Shares, vested in the Crown Quarter Book, with the Debentures, Certificates, and by the several Acts of Parliament, of* the Penalties Portage Bills. The Surveyor has the Quarter Books of incurred; by-.Offenders against those Laws, and of the the Customer and Controller. The Account of the Money produced by the Sale,' either of Goods con-Payments of Salaries and Incidents, with the Vouchers demned after Seizure, or of Goods liable to be sold for those Payments, is sent to the Inspector. under other Circumstances.

There are Four of theset Examiners. The Out A Knowledge of the Manner im which this Branch of Ports are divided into Four Classes. Each Examiner the Business is conducted, is conveyed to us in the Extakes a Class; and every Quarter he takes a different aminations of William Stiles, Esquire, Secretary to the ^49-Class, by regular Rotation; so that every Ex'aminer, Customs; NLu WMiam Cooper, Solicitor of the Customs N*join the Course of the Year, examines One Quarterly for the Northern Ports of England and Wales; Mr. Account of every Out Port. This Officer is a Check Thomas Chauntvell, Deputy Receiver of Fines and For- NT,5'* upon the Computation and Appropriation of the feitures for London; Mr. William Williams, Chief Clerk N°52. Duties: He examines and sees that every Duty re- to the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out ceived, and every - Drawback, Bounty, Allowance, Ports; and Mr. John Bastin, First Clerk to the AcCoun- n* 5*3, or Portage Bill paid, is accurately computed, and tant of Petty Receipts. These Fines and Forfeitures are placed to.its proper Branch; the Errors, which are received by various Persons. There are Four Solici-very frequent, he corrects, and surcharges the Col- tors for the Customs: One for London and the Western lector with any Deficiency; . he casts up the Totals, Ports; One for the Northern Ports; another for puts his Initials upon the Instruments, and, at the Bonds and Criminal Prosecutions; and another for Foot of the Quarter Book, forms an Abstract, com- Coast Bonds. The Two first of these, who are the posed of the Totals of the Receipts under each principal, receive Fines, and Sums arising from the Branch. He signs this Abstract, and delivers the Compromise or* Composition of Seizures, and the Va-Quarter Book to the Surveyor, and the Vouchers to1 lue at which Seizures are appraised, when delivered the Inspector: Upon receiving back the Quarter upon Security to answer the Value in case of Con-

Book from the Surveyor, he sends, it to the Con- demoation. Some of these Receipts contain the

-Shares

2s Geo. lit ai 6 J

Shares of the Crown only; others, the Shares of the Crown and Officers; others, the Law Charges likewise. The Solicitors pay the Shares accruing to the Crown into the Exchequer, either of Course, or pursuant to Warrants of the Treasury. They deduct

the Law Charges, and pay the Shares of the Officers in Consequence of the Orders of the Commissioners of the Customs; and thus these Officers become accountable to the Public. Their Accounts are passed by an Officer in the Customs, called the Auditor of the Solicitor’s Accounts. Every Year the Solicitor delivers to him an Account of his Receipts and Payments during the Year, with the Vouchers. This Auditor checks the Receipts by the Orders of the Board directing these Payments into his Hands. The Vouchers for the Payments are the Tallies and Orders of the Board, with the Receipts annexed. The Auditor, after Examination, signs and certifies to the Truth of the Account. It is then laid before the Board, and returned to the Solicitor, who keeps it with the Vouchers in his own Office.

Other of the Fines, and the Produce of the Seizures, are received by other Officers.

Where Goods are to be sold, the Sale is by public Auction, and conducted, if in London, by the Ware-housekeeper, and the Money is paid to the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for London; if at the Out Ports, by the Collector and Controller, and the Money is paid to the Collector. Notes of the Seizure, in each Case; are entered in the Office of the Accountant of Petty Receipts.

In London, Four Officers, the Warehousekeeper, the Surveyor of the Warehouses, the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for London, and the Controller, make up and sign an Account of the Sale; which contains, among other Things, the Sum each Article or Lot is sold for. Three Landing Surveyors, who have attended the Sale, make out the like Account as a Check. Both these Accounts are laid before the Board, and by them transmitted to the Accountant of Petty Receipts. This Officer from thence makes out an Account, in which he divides the Amount of the Sales into the Charges of Condemnation and Sale, and the Shares of the Crown and of the Officers. The Board, upon seeing this Account, direct the Payment of the Charges and of the Shares to the Officers. The Receiver retains the Share of the Crown, to await the Orders of the Board. At an Out Port, the Collector and Controller make this Division of the Produce of the Sales, and pay of course the Charges and Shares of the Officers at the Out Port, and remit the Shares of the Crown, and of those Officers who are to be paid in London, to the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports. These Remittances are entered in the Office of the Accountant of Petty Receipts.

The Shares of the Crown, in tRe Hands of these Receivers, are liable to the Payments of Salaries, Incidents, and Imprests, pursuant to the Orders of the Board; and the Surplus is to be paid into the Exchequer. The Board frequently call for the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver for London; and the Accountant of Petty Receipts, from Time to Time, states to them that Balance, and suggests how much of it may be paid into the Exchequer. The Board direct the Payment to be made within Three Days; and the Receiver, within Three Days after, produces his Tally to the Accountant of Petty Receipts. The Receiver for the Out Ports, every Fortnight, makes out an Account of the Cash in his Hands, and lays it before the Board, who order the Payments to the Officers. He is directed by his Instructions to pay every Fortnight, into the Exchequer, the Money then in his Hands on Account of the Crown; but, within these Two Years, all the Payments, which had been before usually made by the Paymaster of Inci-Vol. AQ.

Vtartiu 66$

dents, have been since made by this Receiver; and Thirteehtfc these Payments have not only exhausted the Shares of Report the Crown, but rendered Applications for Imprests on Public necessary, in order to discharge them. The Accounts Acc00nU* of both these Receivers, and of the Collectors at the Out Ports, as far as relates to the Produce of Seizures, are passed by the Accountant of Petty Receipts.

The Receiver for London passes an Account of every Sale. He produces to the Accountant his Book, containing all his Receipts and Payments relative to that Sale, and the Balance of his Cash Account, with the Vouchers for all the Payments, except the Tallies, which he has produced before;

The Notes of Seizure having been entered in this Office, and the Two Accounts of the Sale transmitted to, and the Division of the Amount made by, this Officer, he is enabled to check the Receipt Side of this Account; and by the Vouchers, which are the Orders of the Commissioners, with the Receipts annexed, he checks the Payments. He marks every Entry in the Account with his Initials, retaips the Book and Vouchers, and gives the Receiver an Acquittance for them.

The Accounts of the Receiver for the Out Ports undergo a double Examination. One Account is made out every Fortnight. The Accountant, after Examination, certifies to the Truth of it, and lays it before the Board. The other, which is the final Account, is made out every Quarter, and comprehends all the Receipts and Payments of the Quarter. The Receipts are checked by the Entries of the Remittances from the Collectors at the Out Ports. The Payments are compared with the Voucher?, which are the Orders of the Commissioners, and Receipts annexed. The Accountant retains the Vouchers, but delivers back the Account to the Receiver. The Collector and Controller at an Out Port send up to this Office, every Quarter, a State of the Sales, and of the Receipts and Payments, during the Quarter, with the Vouchers for the Payments. The Accountant relies in a great Measure, for the Truth of the Account, upon the Signature of the Controller appearing upon the Face of it. He examines the Orders and Receipts, with the Entries of the Payments, and keeps both the Account and Vouchers in his Office.

Tims have we endeavoured to trace the Custom Duty from the Merchant into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Accounts of this Revenue from the Entry upon the Warrant into the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest.

It remains for us to obey the Injunctions of the Legislature, by submitting to the Wisdom of Parliament such Matter of Observation and Regulation as results from this inquiry.

We do not find that the Public profit from the Examination given by the Auditor of the Imprest to the Accounts of this Office of Receipt, more than they appear to have profited by the like Examination given to those of the Offices of Expenditure, which have been under our Consideration. The Nation acquires from thence no additional Security against Errors, Misapplication, or Fraud, either in the Collection or Management of their Revenue. The Auditor admits the Charge, both upon the Receiver General and Controller General, just as he receives it from the Controller General, without any Examination of his own, except the mere Castings. He allows the Discharge upon the Production of the Authorities and Vouchers. He admits the Vouchers upon the Signature or, Allowance of the Commissioners, or the Certificate of the Controller General; and all these Vouchers have undergone a previous 8 G 3' Examination

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

£i»S»8.

£- '7>»57- «4- 7-

N* 54-£ I4J>*35- 17-

N°55.

666 2i9 MartiL A. 1785.

Examination in various Departments of the Customs, lie Officers, and applied to public Purposes. In re-Of the Formalities of many of them the Auditor can gulating, varying, or increasing the public Duties form no Judgment He is ia Stlranger to those Objects payable upon the Article liable to the private Duty, in which the Public are the mbst materially interested; the private Right may interfere with that of the Pub-the Receipt of the Duties, the Computation both lie; or, should it escape the public Attention, as it in the Receipts and Payments, and the Propriety and frequently may, the legislative Interposition may be Reasonableness of the various Charges of Management, attended with Consequences neither foreseen nor in-For the Truth of all these the Public must still rely, tended. The Reason is not obvious, why the Prisage as the Auditor himself does, upon the Accuracy of Wine should have been exempted from a Part of the the Computers and Checks, and upon thfe Fidelity Imposts of the Years 1779 and 1782 laid upon all and Judgment with which the Authority is exercised other Wines. The Prisage Master may be considered

that directs the Payments, just as if no such Office as the Importer of a certain Quantity of Wine, sub-

existed as that, of Auditor of the Imprest; and, ject to certain Duties, though not to all the Duties therefore, we are of Opinion, that the Interposition payable by other Importers. The Legislature, attem-of the Auditors of the Imprest, in the Accounts of live to the Necessities of the State, seem to have in the Customs, is useless, and ought to be discontinued; tended to impose an equal Rate of Duty upon every and that the Condition of the Finances of this Country Object of the Customs and Excise, with some Ex-requires, that the Annual Expence of One thousand ceptions. A Rate upon the Prisage Wines, equal to Five hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds, incurred by that upon other Wines, had been Five Pounds per passing these Accounts, ought, for the future, to be Cent, upon the Amount of the Duties payable upoa saved to the Public. other Wines of the same Description. The construG-

We do not say that the Examination at present given tive Exemption of the Prisage Tons from this Poundage, to these Accounts, in the Office of the Customs, is upon the Branches to which they were not then liable,

sufficient for the public Security and Satisfaction. Had operates as a Parliamentary Grant of that Poundage a complete Check existed in this Office, it would to the Grantee of the Prisage Duties, without any

have been difficult, without thfe foost reprehensible apparent Claim to such Increase; and therefore we

Negligence, for any Part of the Duties to have been think it would tend to Uniformity in the Collection and diverted in its Passage into the Exchequer, or to have Application of this Revenue, facilitate the Acts of the been detained for any Time from the public Service. Legislature, and be of equal Benefit, at least, to the But we are at liberty to say, that if a Check, on- Public and the Grantees of these Duties, were they, by connected with and independent of the Office of the Consent of the Grantees, to be re-vested in the the Customs, is essential to the public Security, a new Crown for the public Services, and a reasonable Corn-Office must be created, or new Powers given, for that perisation or clear Annual Sum, secured by and payable Purpose; for the Auditor of the Imprest is not that out of the Duties to arise from the same respective Officer. Articles, vested in the Grantees, under the same Li mi-

lt appears, in our Eighth Report, that the Ac- tations, in lieu of and as a Commutation for their Rights counts of the Excise Duties are audited in a Depart- to the Duties, tfient of the Excise Office. The Commissioners themselves are Accountants. The Auditor examines, Having received, from the Auditor of the Imprest, draws up in the Exchequer Forms, and passes the the Weekly Accounts of the Collectors and Receivers Accounts through the Offices of the Treasury and in the Port Of London for the Year 1781, bound up in Exchequer. We know of no Distinction that renders separate Books, upon examining the Entries, we found this Mode of Audit eligible in the Excise, and in- that the Receipts and Payments of each Week seldom eligible in the Customs. corresponded. We have extracted from those Books,

The Commissioners of the Customs are no Ac- and inserted in the Appendix, the Totals of the n°56,*7i58> countants. The Official Checks are numerous; fend Weekly Receipts and Payments of Four of them dur- 59> salt is probable, a Suppression of useless, and a Re- ing the First Quarter, and of the Collector Outwards trenebment of redundant Offices, in the Manage- during the Two First Quarters, of the Year 1781. ment of this Revenue, may admit of the Institution That this Inequality between the Receipts and Pay-of an Audit Office, without increasing the Expence ments might be explained^ to us, we examined those of the Public: Nor is such a Mode of Audit a No- Officers. The Three Receivers Inwards, Mr. Deacon, g,. velty in the Customs. The Accounts of the Solid- Mr. Gyles, and Mr. Mucklaw, informed us, that the N° 6a, 63. tors, and of the Two Receivers of Fines and For- Credit Side of these Accounts do not contain all the feitures, and of the Collectors of the Out Ports re- Payments they make during the Week: They both lative to the Seizures, ate all passed by Officers df pay and detain in their Hands Sums out of the Collec-the Customs. The Sum of Seventeen thousand Two tion of the Week, which are omitted in the Week’s Ac-hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Fourteen Shillings count* The Receiver General takes in, upon the Day and Seven Pence, being the Amount of the Receipts they are paid, none of those Debentures which the of the Solicitors for the Customs; and that the Sum Receivers pay, either late on a Friday, or on a Saturday; j. of 6ne hundred and Forty-three thousand Two hundred and, frequently, Debentures paid earlier in the Week hnd Thirty-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine cannot, without Inconvenience to both Offices, be Pence Three Farthings, being the Gro& Amount Of thfe delivered to him until the succeeding Week, and, con-Seizures for the Year 1781, Wete fiualty audited, the one sequently, they cannot be included among the Sums by the Auditor of the Solicitor’s Accounts, the other paid to him in the Week in which the Receiver has by the Accountant of Petty Receipts, without the In- discharged them.

tervention of the Auditor of the Imprest, and without The Receiver of the Grand Receipt is also conti-their being passed through the Offices of the Treasury nualty paying those Debentures which he passes with and Exchequer. ° the Controller General, none of which are inserted

among his Wedkly Payments, but all together in the In our Examinatbh itito she Custom Duties ’paid Account of thfe last Week of the Quarter. Each of by the Subject, We found Two, onfe on Wine, the these Receivers retains likewise, at the End of the other on Coals, not brought to the Account of the Week, so much bf His Collection as he thinks he Public, but the Property of Subjects, under ancient shah want to discharge such Debentures as he ex-Grants; from the Crown. Every Duty levied Upon pedts will sdon be brought to him for Payment The the Subject, implies a Right in the rdblic to that ‘Omission of these Payments, and Sums detained, oe-Duty; and Ought, uniformly, to be collected by pub- oasfon in fell, except the last Week of the Quarter, a ' considerable

*64.

£i,i«5- xo. — ,

aC 9*5- *

£ 1,190. iS. 4 £i, W. *. 4

£ Xj95°* £59I- a

N* 65.

25 Geo. III. $i° Marhi*

considerable Balance on the Receipt Side of the Account.

Mr. Dodson, the Deputy Collector of the Duties Outwards, told us, that, in the usual Course of his Business, the Sum paid in the Week into the Treasury, nearly equals the Amount of the Duties collected in that Week, but that usual Course had been interrupted for rather more than a Year, of which Period the Two First Quarters of the Year 1781 were a Part. About the End of May 1780, he received Directions from his Principal to pay a Part of his Weekly Collection into the Hands of a Banker. From the 30th of May to the 9th of October following, he paid all he collected in each Week (except a Sum paid into the Treasury) into the Hands of a Banker, and placed it there in his own Name, but drew out no Part of it for any private Purpose. By the 5th of July 1780, he had drawn out and paid into the Treasury all he had deposited there, except a Balance of Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence. This Balance increased, by his Weekly Additions, to One thousand One hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Ten Shillings; which Sum he drew out upon the 10th of October, and paid it that Day into the Treasury. From that Time his Payments into the Banker’s were changed, from an Account in his own Name, to an Account in the Name of his Principal, pursuant to his Directions. About the End of each of the succeeding Quarters, he received from his Principal, Sums which he paid into the Treasury, in Reduction of what was due from him on Account of the Duties. The Balances remaining on the Account of his Principal, at those Periods, were, on the 5th of January 1781, Nine hundred and Fifteen Pounds and Eight Pence; on the 5th of April, One thousand Two hundred and Ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence;

and on the 5th of July, Two thousand Five hundred and Forty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence. About this Time the Controller General objected to these short Payments into the Treasury, and directed the Balance to be paid in; in consequence of which he, as Deputy Collector, received from his Principal, and paid into the Treasury, between the 5th of July and the 28th of September, One thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, leaving at the Bankers, on the Account of his Principal, Five hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence, due on Account of the Duties; which Balance remained unpaid upon the 28th of January last, but has been since paid to the Deputy Collector, and by him into the Hands of the Receiver General; and from hence arose the great Inequality between the Sum received and the Sum paid into the Treasury in each Week, in the Weekly Accounts of the Collector of the Duties Outwards.

From the Information of Mr. Weston, the Collector of the Coal Duties, and from his Books produced to os, it appears that the Difference between his Receipts and Payments arises from the Difference between the Deposits taken and the Deposits cleared by him during the Week. He adds the Sum of the Deposits taken, to the Sum of the Duties received, during the Week. From this Amount he deducts the Sum of Deposits cleared, and pays the Balance into the Treasury, -arranged under the proper Branches; and, therefore, the Weekly Receipt is either greater or less than the Weekly Payments, according as the Amount of the Duties and Deposits taken is greater or less than the Amount of the Deposits cleared.

We have, in our First Report, adopted, as a Principle of public Prudence, as well as Benefit, that every Duty should pass from the Subject into the (Exchequer without Delay. It should not be in the Power of a Receiver to detain or divert any Part of & under any Pretence whatever and, therefore,

Vo l. 40.

there ought to be, continually existing, wherever,the Thirteenth Nature of the Receipt will admit of it, some Power, Report to be frequently and strictly exerted, of calling for, °n Pubb* inspecting, and controlling the State of the Cash of AcS°* every Person intrusted with the Receipt of Public Money.

The Office of the Customs is instituted for the sole Purpose of conducting the Receipt of a most productive Revenue constantly flowing in In every Office of Receipt the Collection is the important Trust to be anxiously watched and guarded; and yet these material Officers, the Collectors and Receivers in the Port of London, are never called upon; nor dp they ever produce any State of their Cash, until their Annuel Accounts are examined, and their Balance Books produced to the Officer of Control. It is true, each of them is accurately charged, in his Weekly Account, with all lie receives. His Receipt is completely checked, and so are his Payments, as far as they are stated; but there is no Check upon the Payments not stated, and, conr sequently, none upon the Cash remaining in his Hand? unapplied.

The Commissioners, who are the supreme Officers, never see his Weekly Accounts. They have no' Knowledge of the State of his Cash: He carries over no Balance: Each Week’s Account is independent of, and unconnected with, the Account of either the preceding or succeeding Week. We do not say, nor have we found Reason to suggest, that any of these Officers (except in the single Instance above related) have, at any Time, withheld, misapplied, or diverted the Duties; but should any Officer, urged by Influence, or the Pressure of his own Occasions, be induced to divert or delay his Payments, he may, under Colour of Debentures paid, of which he gives np Account until the last Week of the Quarter, or of Sums reserved upon Expectation, of which he is the sole Judge; or, even where he has not the Aid of these Pretences, he has it in his Powef, during the Receipt of many Weeks, to accumulate, without Interruption, a very considerable Sum, and continue to increase that Sum, until the Controller General* awakened by the Appearance of the declining State of the Revenue, inquires into the Cause, and reclaims the Duties; yet not so effectually, but that, notwithstanding his Exertions, and Annual Check upon the Account he passes as his own, a Sum may for Years escape his Examination, and be kept back from the Treasury.

To guard against this Mischief, we are of Opinion, that the Officers of Receipt in the Port of London should be confined to the Receipt of the Duties only:

That the Payments of all the Debentures and Imprest Orders should be committed to the Receiver General, and transacted in a Branch of his Department. We are also of Opinion, in order to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to exercise a superintending Power over these Collectors and Receivers, that every Collector and Receiver in the Port of London should, upon the First Board Day of every Week, or such other Day as may be deemed most convenient, lay before the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs an Account containing the Total Sum received, and the Total Sum paid to the Receiver General, during the Week preceding, together with the Balance remaining in his Hands at the Close of the said Week.

Custom Duties are sometimes remitted to the Receiver General, and test in his Hands, for want of knowing to what Branches they ought to he appropriated, until the Accounts of the Controllers of the Duties so remitted are received by the Controller General. We found, in the Inquiries on which we pounded our Second Repost, above Four thousand £00^ Pounds, under this Description, in the Hands of the ^Receiver General sxf ithe Customs. That these Duties

may

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts*

66% n* Martii. . 1785,

may be Appropriated without Delay, and paid into the Exchequer, we are of Opinion, that the Receiver General should, at the Foot of his Weekly Certificates to the Commissioners of the Customs, state the Sum of Duties then remaining in his Hands, and for what Reason they are not paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer: And, since it appears, from the Manner in which the Appropriation of the Payments into the Exchequer, by the Receiver General, is formed, that the Duties paid in neither are nor can be ranged with Accuracy under those Branches to which they in Fact belong, we think the Commissioners of the Customs warranted by constant Usage, and ought, to order the Controller General to apply such Duties, remaining in the Hands of the Receiver General, in the Manner which best suits his Arrangement of the Receipts of the Week.

The Subject that has occurred to us, as the most important in this Inquiry, is the Intricacy and Perplexity that involve the Collection and Accounts of this Part Of the Public Revenue. The Examination shews us, that the Number of Rules required in the Computation, and the Number of Branches under which the Accounts of these Duties are kept, are the principal Sources of this Evil. The obvious Remedy is, to reduce the Number of these Rules and Branches, as near as Circumstances will admit, to Unity, and to introduce a systematic Simplicity and Uniformity into the Manner of keeping the Accounts. This Regulation is become an Object of high and urgent Importance for the Attention of the Legislature. The Number of Accounts are increased in almost every Session of Parliament: Seven new Accounts were created by the Acts of the last. The Merchant, ignorant to what Duties he is liable, must rely upon the Officer. The Labour of the Officer is become great: The Number of Entries Inwards, in the Four Months ending with October last, was Fifteen thousand Three hundred and Forty-two: They have sometimes amounted to Four hundred in One Day. The Collectors at the Out Ports, by their frequent Applications to the Board, profess themselves ignorant. Errors in the Computations are daily; the Science difficult, possessed by few, and in Danger of being lost; and this in a Branch of the Revenue productive, improving, and essential to the Support and Credit of the Nation.

In a Revenue that embraces such a Variety, it is hardly possible to introduce, at once, Regulation coextensive with the Objects. It must be a Work of Time. A practicable System must be formed upon Principle, and carried by Steps and Degrees into Execution.

In almost every Instance of Goods liable to Duties, in order to obtain the Amount, it is necessary to have recourse to Two Rules of Computation at least; in many to Five. As a Proof of the Multiplicity and Intricacy of them, we have procured from Mr. Richard Frewin, the Examiner of the Duties Inwards, and inserted in the Appendix, Examples of the Rules by which the Computation must be made, both upon the same and different Articles.

The Three Rules adopted by the Act of Charles the Second, The Tonnage, The Poundage, and The Specific Duty, are simple. The Rate per Ton, or the Value by the Measure, Number, or Weight, being given, or a certain Sum imposed upon a defined -Article, the Amount of the Duty upon any given Quantity is easily Found. These Rules should, therefore, be retained or adopted, wherever the Subject Matter is of such a Nature as to be capable of the Application. The Rules by which the Computation is made, of the Duties to be paid upon each Article, may be reduced to One, by applying the Rule to be retained or adopted, in such a Manner, as to produce

the same, or nearly the same Sum, as is produced by the Rule to be rejected.

Where the Operation produces a Fraction, as it frequently must, the Duty should be increased to an Integral. The Public stand in need of every Advantage, and the Merchant will profit by the Regulation.

Wine requiring Two Rules, and unrated French ordinary painted Paper requiring Five, to ascertain the Duties, arc Two Examples, by which the Practicability of this Regulation may be tried.

Wine is distinguished into Four Kinds: French, Portugal, Spanish, and Rhenish. French is liable to Fifteen different Duties; the rest to Thirteen. They are all Duties of Tonnage, except the Two Imposts 1779 and 1782; and, therefore, requiring only Two Rules of Computation, the one grounded upon the Quantity, the other upon the Aggregate of the subsisting Duties. By substituting Two additional Duties, of Four Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence each, per Ton, upon French Wine, in the Place of the Imposts, each Impost will be converted into a Tonnage, and the Amount of the Duties will continue nearly the same. The like Alteration may, with equal Facility, be made in the other Three.

The French Paper pays Fourteen Duties. The First Eight are each a Poundage upon one Value: The next Two, a Poundage upon another Value: The Eleventh is a Duty upon the Measure: The Twelfth, upon the Quantity; and the Two last are the Imposts. f

Suppose the Poundage upon the First Value to be the Rule to be retained — Twenty-two and One Half per Cent. upon the Value will give the Ninth and Tenth Duties; Twelve and One Half will give the Eleventh; One Half per Cent. the Twelfth; and Six and Five Eighths something under the Imposts: Or, suppose them to be all changed into a specific Duty upon the Measure — One Shilling and Five Pence Three Farthings per Yard, will give Seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence, which is something more than the present Duty upon a Ream, as stated in the Example before us.

This Substitution may sometimes be attended with Difficulty. The Rules may be grounded upon Qualities or Circumstances so widely different, that One Rule, though it may in any given Case produce the same Sum, yet in other Cases it may fail to produce the Quantum of Duty intended by the other Rule: For Instance, in the Article of Skates, the Five First Duties are each a Poundage upon the Value, taken at One Shilling and Three Pence per Dozen. In the

Impost 1690 the Value is departed from, and the Duty is laid upon the Weight of Wrought Iron, Five Shillings per Hundred. ‘ This produces, upon the Fifty-six Dozen, weighing Two Hundred, and Two Quarters, Twelve Shillings and Sixpence. Seventeen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two Pence per Cent. upon the Rate will produce nearly the same Sum; but, should the same Number weigh Twice as much, the substituted Rule will produce but Half the Duty intended. This Difference may be corrected by taking the mean Weight per Dozen, and producing, by the favoured Rule, the Duty arising from that Weight.

It is probable there are few Instances, where the Amount of the Duties is so nicely calculated, that a small Variation will disturb the State of the Commerce carried on in any Article.

The Management of this Revenue will derive Relief from the Simplicity introduced by this Regulation; but far more important and extensive will be the Effect, if all Distinction of Branches in the Customs can be abolished, and One entire Sum only be the Duty to bp collected upon each defined Subject of

25 Geo. III. ai° Martii. 669

Duty, and One Head of Customs comprehend the Whole of this Revenue. There will then be no longer a Necessity for that Multiplicity of Computations and Entries; One Sum will frequently stand in the Place of Fifteen, always in the Place of many, upon the Warrants, Bills, and Instruments, and in all the Cash Books and Accounts above referred to There will be an End of Appropriations of Receipts and Payments, of Branches overpaid and underpaid, and of that perpetual Violation of the Truth of the Receipt, by placing Duties received in one Branch among Duties received under another, as delivered to the Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer; a Violation rendered unavoidable under the present System, without incurring the Danger of a much greater Evil, Confusion in the Accounts, perpetually increasing: But, above all, this Regulation, as tending to a Diminution of the Charges of Collection, co-operates to that great Object always to be kept in View, the Reduction of the Public Expences.

That the Amount of the Duty to be paid upon every Article, under every given Circumstance of Importation or Exportation, may be ascertained, the Laws continuing as they now stand, is apparent from the Books of Rates, that have from Time to Time been composed by Officers employed in the Management of this Revenue; which Books, Alterations in the Duties have rendered of no Use. Such a Composition must precede, and be the Ground of this Regulation; but this is a Work of Time and Labour: The Subjects of Commerce, with their various Modifications and Circumstances, are numerous; the Sum of the Duty upon each Species must be ascertained before it can be imposed; and a temporary Suspension of Legislative Interposition, so far as to effect a Variation in the Duties, is necessary for the Completion of the Work.

The Measure of Duty to be assumed should be that best adapted to the Nature of the Subject Matter, and that is, in general, the Measure by which the Merchant purchases and sells. If he buys and sells by the Ton, the Number, or the Weight, the Rate should be upon the Ton, the Number, or the Weight; and the Sum of Duty should be an Integral, capable of Integral Divisions.

Since the Reduction of all the Branches of these Duties to one Head seems to us practicable, as well as highly expedient, as far as it concerns the Office of the Customs, it remains for us to inquire, whether the same Reduction can be effected in the Office of the Receipt of the Exchequer.

The Legislature direct the Distinction of the Accounts, but without expressing the Reasons: We must learn them from the Construction of the several Acts. In general, an Act that imposes a Duty, appropriates that Duty to some specific Service: Whilst that Appropriation continues, a distinct Account must be kept of the Produce of the Duty, in the Offices both of the Customs and Exchequer, in order that the Sum received on that Head of Duty may be issued for the Service to which that Duty is destined by the Legislature — and because, where the Service is limited, as it generally is, if the Duty exceeds it, it is necessary to know the Quantum of the Excess, as being Public Money, whether that Excess is appropriated or not: If the Duty is deficient, it is equally necessary to know the Quantum of the Deficiency, as it must be supplied from some other Fund. Unless then all Distinction of Appropriation of the Custom Duties can be put an End to in the Exchequer, the Distinction of Accounts must continue in the Office of the Customs.

The Appropriation of a Duty to a Service, is an

Vol. 40.

Act of the Legislature, , similar to other Acts, subject Thirteenth continually to the Legislative Will and Authority, Report directed to the Public Good. The Legislature are on Public bound to provide for every Public Service as it arises, Accouats-and as long as it exists; but in what Manner, and out of what Fund, that Provision shall be at first made, and how long it shall continue the same, is in the Wisdom of Parliament. The Legislature can by no Act so connect the Provision with the Service, be that% Service what it may, but that, whenever the Public Good requires it, the Provision may be varied, blended, diminished, transferred, or abolished, by the Power that created it, provided sufficient remains for the Service, or another equally ample and secure, in the Judgment of Parliament, be substituted in its Stead.

The Supreme Power is bound to watch over, and to modify and adapt its Provisions to the Exigencies of the Times, and the Vicissitudes that must arise in the Course of human Events. Limited only by the immutable Principles of Reason and Justice, it cannot be restrained or fettered by the Acts of antecedent Legislatures; nor can it, by its own Acts, divest itself of the Right of exercising, or communicate to others any Check upon the Exercise of, this or any other Power inherent in its Nature, and essential to the Execution of that Trust, which is the sole End and Purpose of its Institution, the Promotion of the Public Good.

But, not to rest upon general Reasoning only, we examined into the Appropriations themselves, and the Power that has been exercised by the Legislature over them; and for that Purpose we procured, from the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, an Account of the Number of Branches under which N*6p. the Accounts of the Customs are kept in that Office, and to what Charges or Services those Branches are severally applicable. The Branches are ranged, in this Account, in the Order in which we received them from the Custom House: The Titles of them, in Use both at the Custom House and the Exchequer, are inserted; and, that we might the more easily refer to them, we have added the Numbers.

It appears, in this Account, that the Number of Heads in the Exchequer is less by Three than the Number at the Custom House. The Heads, Number Forty, and Forty-two, are omitted in the Exchequer; for the Duties collected under those Heads in the Customs, are directed by the Receiver General, upon his Payment of them into the Exchequer, to be placed to such Branches as he particularly mentions.

The Heads, Number Forty-four and Forty-five, though separate in the Customs, are blended together in the Exchequer, as arising from the same Subject, and neither of them appropriated. The Duties under the First Head, intituled " Customs," are collected under Three separate Branches; but they are paid into the Exchequer in Moieties, under the Heads of The Half Subsidies 1712 and 1714*

As many of the Duties are carried over to various Funds, that it might appear at one View what Duties are carried to each Fund, we required from the same Office, an Account to what Funds the Duties of the n°-0. Customs are carried, when paid into the Exchequer, ' and what Branches of those Duties are kept under distinct and separate Heads. This Account shews us, that Six of them are carried to the General Fund; Thirteen, and a Moiety of the Duties under the Head of Customs, to the Aggregate Fund; Six, to the South Sea Fund; and Eleven, to the Sinking Fund: That Eight are unappropriated; and the remaining Twenty-four, with the other Moiety of the Customs, are kept under distinct and separate Heads, and appropriated to specific Services.

The Appropriation of these Funds does not appear in these Accounts; and, therefore, we applied to the 8 H same

#76

at

MartU.

A. f)g5.

»*75.

N* 70.

same Office fyr Accounts of the Services to which the N,7*»7*»'7Si General, Aggregate, Souitl Sea, and Sinking Funds, are respectively applicable. ,t.

Being thus furnished with the Knowledge of the Appropriation of every Custom Duty, in the Office of the Receipt of the Exchequer, whether by itself, or in common with other Duties; and being assisted by the Information of Mr. Hughson, Clerk of the Debentures in that Office; we are enabled to form some Judgment, whether any Objection arises to this Plan of Consolidation from the Circumstance of the Appropriation.

In the Account of the Funds to which the Duties are carried, there are Three Distinctions: The Unappropriated Duties — The Duties carried over to the Compound Funds — and, Those kept under separate and distinct Heads.

The Fii*st Class, not being appropriated at all, an Account of the Produce of them is laid before Parliament some Time in every Session, and that Produce is applied to the current Services of the Year. There does not appear to us eny Reason why this Produce, being applicable every Year to whatever Service Parliament . think fit to direct; it, should not b$ received into the Exchequer as One Sum, and these Eight Branches be united and blended together under One Head.

The Duties of the Second Class, being carried over to their respective Funds, are mixed with certain other Duties, collected together from almost every Source of Revenue. The Number and Variety that compose N* 76. each Fund, appear in an Account from the Exchequer, of the several Duties of which the General, Aggregate, South Scay and Sinking Funds are respectively composed. The Duties thus brought together form in each Fund One compound Cash; out of which the Services to which the Fund is made applicable are supplied as they arise. In this Issue all Distinction of separate Appropriation is done away; there is no Connection between any one of the Services and any one of the component Branches; the entire compound Fund is made Subject to each Service separately, and to all of them tal^en together.

It is true, that the Distinction in the Receipt shews how much each Branch contributes to the common Stock for any given Period. But that Knowledge seems to be mere Matter of Curiosity; no Use is made of it; it is the Ground of no Operation of Finance; the Quantum of the Produce has no Relation to the Quantum of any particular Service: The Fund receives the Whole; and, whether it be more or less productive, equally affects every Service; if the Fund produces -enough for every Service, it is immaterial what Share each Branch contributes to it.

It is frequently necessary, for the Regulation of the Commerce upon any particular Article, to know the Annual Amount of the Duty produced by it; but that Knowledge cannot be collected from the Sum produced by any of these Branches, because the Sum paid into the Exchequer upon any Branch, does not distinguish from what Articles the Duties arise which compose that Sum; it comprehends the Aggregate of the Duties collected upon every Article that has been imported or exported, within the Time of the Collection, liable to the Duty. This Knowledge is obtained from the Inspector General of Imports and Exports, who keeps an Account of every Species of Goods, whether imported or exported; and, the Quantity of the Goods, and the Rate of the Duty, being given, the Sum of the Duty produced by it in any given Time is easily computed.

Since the Distinction of the Branches thus earned over in the Receipt of the Exchequer seems to us to be of no Use, we are of Opinion, that all the Branches of the Custom Duties, carried over to these Four Funds, and amounting together to Thirty-seven* may

be added to the Eight unappropriated branches, and the Produce of them paid as One Sum, under One Head, into the Receipt of the Exchequer.

Of the Twenty-five remaining Branches, Twenty-two are appropriated to the Payment of Annuities; One, to the Coinage; and the other Two, to the Encouragement of the Growth, One 6f Cotton in the Leeward Islands, the other of Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland.

As to the Coinage Service, the Act of the Eighteenth of Charles the Second, Chapter the Fifth, imposed Two Duties, the one on Wine, the other on Spirits, and directed the Produce to be distinguished and kept apart in the Offices both of the Customs and Exchequer, and to be applied to no other Use but that of defraying the Expence of the Mint. One of these Duties, that on Spirits, is, by the Ninth of George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-third, Section the Seventeenth, carried and appropriated to the Uses of the Aggregate Fund.

At present, the whole Produce of the remaining Branch, the Duty on Wine, is applied to the Coinage; but, this Service generally exceeding the Produce of the Duty, the Deficiency is paid out of the Supplies of the Year.

Nothing has as yet been issued of the Duties collected for the Encouragement of the Growth of Cotton in the Leeward Islands; nor has there been any Demand from England for any Part of her Share in the Produce of the other Branch. Scotland has received Payments on Account of her Share, which is Seven Fifteenths of the Produce.

It cannot be material out of what Duties these Ser^ vices are supplied:' They may, whether limited or fluctuating, be made a Charge upon any sufficient Fund, or upon that of which these Three Branches may form a Part — The Twenty-two remaining Branches are appropriated, each to the Payment of some particular Annuity, granted between the Year 1706 and the present Time.

The Public Creditors are of Two Descriptions; Bodies Corporate, and Individual Proprietors of particular Government Securities. These latter are no otherwise connected than as Proprietors of Shares in the same Fund or Annuity. At the Creation of these Annuities, the Legislature has always appropriated some existing Branches of the Public Revenue, or created some new Branches, either in the Act that grants the Annuity, or in some subsequent Act, as a Fund out of which the Annuity is to be paid. The Act of the Fifth of William and Mary, Chapter the Twentieth, which incorporated the Bank of England, and the Act of the Ninth and Tenth of William the Third, Chapter the Forty-fourth, which gave Rise to the East Ifidia. Com-

n, each imposes a Variety of new Duties; and, out e Produce, appropriates a certain Sum to the Use of those Persons who should become Subscribers to a Loan proposed to be advanced to Government, upon the Terms mentioned in the Act The Act of the Ninth of Queen Anne, Chapter the Twenty-first, which erected the South Sea Company, creates a Fund, out of Duties then existing, to answer the Annuities granted by that Act, to those Proprietors of certain Public Debts, who should subscribe them into the Stock of the Company. In all the Acts which have occurred to us, for raising Money by granting Annuities to Individuals, until within these few Years, the Funds appropriated for the Payment of the Annuities have been inserted in the same Act: But of late Years, the Annuities have been granted by one Act, and the Funds created by some subsequent Act of the same Session. In this latter Case, the Subject does not lend his Money upon the Credit of any particular Security. Ignorant what it will be, he leaves the Choice of the Fund to the Legislature, and relies for the Payment 5 of

35 Geo. III. Martii. 6ji

of his Anrtuity upon such as they shall think pro-

per to adopt.

Where the Security is coupled with the Loan in the same Act, the Subject expressly accepts the Security as held out to him, and lends his Money upon the Credit of it: And yet the Legislature, representing all the Creditors of Government, as well as the rest of the Subjects, and consulting their Good as blended with the Common Good, do retain, and must, from the Nature of its Institution, for ever retain, a Power over that Security, to be exercised at whatever Times, and in whatever Manner, the Common Good requires. The only Right vested in the Creditor, and which the Legislature cannot, without Injustice, infringe, is, the Right to the full and regular Payment of ms Annuity, and the Re-payment of his Principal according to the Terms of his Loan; and this Right subsists in ftfll Force, independent of any Appropriation. Should both the Specific and Supplemental Funds, proposed and accepted as the Securities, fail, his Right to his Principal and to his Annuity does not fail: The whole Property of the Public, the Real and Personal Estate of every Subject, the Produce of his Labour, is liable and bound to the Payment of every Debt contracted for his Defence, Security, and Protection.

If the Creditor derives, from the Act that creates the Loan, any exclusive Right to the Fund destined to the Payment of his Annuity, it must be a Right to that Fund exactly in the State in which he accepts it as his Security; for there is no Reservation or Limitation annexed to his Acceptance. Such a Right in the Creditor would exclude the Right of the Legislature, unless he consents not only.; to change the Fund, but to make any Alteration in the Duty arising from any one Article of Commerce that contributes to that Fund. On the contrary, any Principle that empowers the Legislature to Vary One of those Duties, equally empowers them to change the Fund. The only Difference is, the Degree of Violation of the Right of the Creditor in the one Case, and the Extent to which the Legislative Power is exercised in the other. The continual Exercise of this Power over the appropriated Duties, without the Consent of the Public Companies, and of the Proprietors of the Government Securities, is a Proof of the Legislative Right, and establishes the Principles upon which we have suggested this Right to be grounded.

That we might the more easily trace the Alterations that have been made in the Duties appropriated for the Annual Payments of the Sums granted to the Public Companies, at their First Creation, to answer the Interest of the Debts contracted by them with Government, we procured from the Auditor of the Receipt of N#77. the Exchequer, an Account of the several Duties out of which the Annuities of the Bank, South Sea Company, and East India Company, on Account of their Stock, are severally paid. To enumerate the Variety of Changes that have from Time to Time been made in them is needless; a few Instances are sufficient for our Purpose.

The Act that incorporates 4he Bank of England, imposes a Tonnage Duty on Ships, and an Excise Duty on Beer and other Liquors, and charges this compound Fund with the Annual Payment of One hun-£. 100,000. dred thousand Pounds to the Use of the Company. In Three Yearn after, by the Seventh and Eighth of WilSam the Third, Chapter the Thirty-first, the Tonnage Duty is taken off, and another substituted in the Place.

The Act of the Seventh of Anne, Chapter the Se-vehthj appropriates the Two Thirds Subsidy, and certain Dufies on Coffee and other Articles, imposed by former Acts, to the Annuity payable upon the enlarged Capital of the Bank of England. — The Act of the

Vol. 40. *

First of ’<George the First; Chapter the Twelfth, throws Thirteenth the Two Thirds Subsidy into1 the Aggregate Fund. — Report And the Act of the Tenth of George the First, Chapter. the Tenth, repeals the Duties on Coffee and other Accou* Articles, and subjects some Inland Duties to the Payment of the Annuity.

By the Act that erects the South Sea Company, the Duties imposed by the Second of William and Mary,

Chapter the Fourth (One of which is an Impost Duty upon rough Flax) and a Duty upon Home-made Salt, are appropriated, among other Duties, towards Payment of the Annuity granted to that Company; and, by the Act that creates the East India Company, additional Duties are imposed, both upon Home-made Salt, and upon the Import of Foreign Salt, and form a Part of the Fund destined for the Payment of the Annuity to that Company: And yet the Act of the Third of George the Second, Chapter the Twentieth, upon the Ground of Relief to the Subject, repeals these Duties on Salt, and, to prevent any Injury to the Creditors of the Public, from the Diminution of the Produce of the Funds on which their several Annuities are secured, arising from the Subtraction of the Duties repealed, the Deficiencies are charged upon the Aggregate Fund; and, the East India Company having consented to a Reduction of their Annuity, the whole Annuity, so reduced, is made a Charge upon the same Fund. — By the Act of the Fourth of George the Second,

Chapter the Twenty-seventh, the Duty on rough Flax is taken off, and an Annual Sum, taken from a Medium „of Seven Years Produce of that Duty, is substituted in its Stead, and made payable to the South Sea Company out of the same Fund.

One of the Articles subject to the Duties of the Old Subsidy, the One Third Subsidy, and the Two Thirds Subsidy, is Woollen Yam. The Act of the Twelfth of George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-first, upon the Principle of Utility to the Manufacturer of Great Britain, repeals a Part of these Duties, and subjects the Aggregate Fund to the Payment of a Sum, taken from the mean Produce for Seven Years, to the several Creditors who had an Interest in that Produce, in Shares proportional to such Interest. These Three Subsidies, being Part of them appropriated to the Payment of the Annuities 1706, 1707, and 1708, anc

Part carried to the Aggregate Fund, the Repeal of this Duty affects those Annuities, and all the various Services to which the Aggregate Fund was at that Time liable.

Great Raisins is an Article liable to the same Duties. The Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, Chapter the Seventy-fourth, reduces the Rate payable upon the Importation of them, from One Pound Ten Shillings, to Ten Shillings only, per Hundred Weight, without substituting any other Duty in its Stead, and consequently diminishes the Security pledged for the Payment of all those Services to which the Three Subsidies above mentioned are made liable.

By an Act of the last Session, Chapter the Sixteenth, the additional Duty of One per Cent, and Part of the Aliens Duty, both of them Parts of the Branch of Customs, are discontinued, and no Duty imposed to supply the Place of them.

The Diminution of the Duties on Tea, and the Sub- 66: stitution of a new Tax, by another Act of the same Example Session, Chapter the Thirty-eighth, affects Nine Branches >9*. of the Customs, and, consequently, every Annuity for the Payment of which any of those Nine Branches are appropriated.

The Consolidation of Annuities disturbs the Appropriation equally with the Consolidation of Duties; for, though a distinct Account is kept of the Duties applicable to the Payment of each Annuity, yet a Purchaser of a consolidated Stock does not know

whether

6j2 21* Mart 4-1785-

Thirteenth whether he becomes Proprietor of the Old or the In- collected, they are blended into One Sum, under the Report grafted Stock, and consequently cannot tell out of Head of l€ Subsidy on Spirits," and accounted for on Public which of the appropriated Duties his Annuity is and paid as One Sum, under that single Head, into croonts* payable. the Exchequer, and there carried to the Aggregate

Fund.

That the Effect of these Consolidations might the more clearly appear, we procured from the Auditor of The Acts we have thus referred to, evince that the N* 78. the Receipt of the Exchequer, an Account of the several Legislature have from Time to Time, in every Reign Duties out of which the Bank consolidated Three per since the Resolution, upon Principles of Public Condor. Annuities are paid. This Fund, consisting at its venience, either varied, blended, diminished, or re-£ 8,100,000. first Creation, in the Year 1752, of Eight millions Two pealed, with or without a Substitution, Duties appro-hundred thousand Pounds only, is now swelled to up- priated to the Payment of Annuities to Public Cre-C 107,000,000. wards of One hundred and Seven millions. The Annuity ditors of all Descriptions, without their Consent. The attending near Fifty-eight of them is paid out of the Consequence is, that the Appropriation of the Twen-Sinking Fund: The rest, out of Duties kept separate ty-two, remaining Branches of the Customs to the and distinct. Payment of Annuities, is no Impediment to the blending

The Act of the Twenty-fifth of George the Second, them with the rest; and then all the Branches of the Chapter the Twenty-seventh, is the Original of this Customs may be united together, and be formed into Fund. It converted the Bank Three per Cent. An- One Head of Duties only, under the Title of "Customs," nuities into a Joint Stock, and carried to the Sinking in the Office of the Exchequer, as well as in that of the Fund all the Duties appropriated to answer the An- Customs, nuities payable upon that Capital, and charged the

consolidated Annuity upon that Fund. This Mea- There is another Circumstance affecting these Du-sure was effected with the Consent of the Proprietors, ties, which occurs in the Exchequer, and requires Trustees, both public and private, were empowered Consideration: — Many of the Branches of the Cus-to subscribe, and indemnified in subscribing, their toms are connected, in the Exchequer, with Branches t Assent to this Consolidation. The Act of the Twen- of the Excise, and other Duties of different Denomi-ty-eighth of George the Second, made Additions to nations, and form together Compound Funds, appro-this Joint Capital, and charged the Annuities attend- priated in some Instances to One, in others to various ing them upon the Sinking Fund, without increasing Services.

it by any new Duties. The Acts of the Thirty-second In the Account of the Duties out of which the An- ^77. and Thirty-third of George the Second, added several nuities are paid to the Companies, it appears, that Millions, raised by former Acts, to this Stock, with among the Duties appropriated to the Payment of the the Consent of the Proprietors of the Ingrafted Mil- Annuities to the Bank of England, there is One Branch lions, implied from their not subscribing their Dissent, of the Customs. Among those to the South Sea Com-but without the Consent of the Proprietors of the Old pany, there are Twelve. Of the rest, we have seen Capital. The Duties charged with the Payment of that Six are carried to the General Fund, Fourteen to the Annuities attending the Ingrafted Capital, were the Aggregate, and Eleven to the Sinking Fund. All carried to the Sinking Fund, and those Annuities charged these are charged, in common with other Duties, with the upon it. Payment of various Services.

The Acts of the First, Sixth, and other subsequent Suppose the One entire Sum of Customs to be car- *

Years of His present Majesty, blend with this Joint ried, when paid into the Exchequer, to the Sinking Stock, at the Time of their Creation, the Annuities Fund — the Effect will be, each of these compound granted by those Acts; but, within these late Years, Funds will be diminished by the Amount of the Cus-the Funds appropriated for the Payment of them have tom Duties subtracted from it; and, should this Di-been kept separate and distinct, and not, like the former rainution occasion a Deficiency in any of the Funds to Duties, thrown into the Sinking Fund. answer the Charges upon it, the Act of the Ninth of

But the Act the most material to our Purpose, George the Second, above alluded to, furnishes the Reis that of the Ninth of George the Second, Chapter the medyEvery such Deficiency may be supplied, as Twenty-third. The Legislature, upon a Principle of niost of the Deficiencies are at present, from the Public Convenience, from an Attention to the Morals Sinking Fund; and that Fund will likewise become and Health of the Subject, checks the Use of Spiri- chargeable with the Payment of those Annuities to tuous Liquors, and, changing the Application of the which the Twenty-two Branches are now separately Duties to which Spirits were then liable, unites them appropriated, to, and appropriates them to the Uses of, the Aggregate Fund; and, foreseeing that the Funds, of which This Consolidation of the Duties will not prevent these Duties made a Part, being charged with Pay- any Distinction in the Receipt, which may be thought ments to the Civil List, and of Annuities to Corpo- necessary to be preserved in the Office of Collection, rations and others, might, by this Alteration, prove defi- The Annual Produce of the Imports, the Exports, the cient, they substituted and apportioned to the Civil List Coastwise Duties, in London and at each Out Port, or a certain Annual Payment, computed upon a Medium any other Account, may be kept separate, the Know-of the Sum that had been applied out of the Produce ledge of which may contribute to the Regulation or of these Duties for Eight Years, to that Service, and Improvement of this>Revenue.

charged all the Deficiencies, that might happen in the We have above suggested, that, before this Reduc-Funds to which these Duties had been applied, upon tion can be completed, a Book of Rates must be formed, the Aggregate Fund. ascertaining the Amount of the Duties to be paid

♦One of the Consequences of this Act was, a Conso- upon every Article, under every Circumstance of Ira-lidation of certain Branches of Duties, both in the portation or Exportation which varies the Duty. The K* 66. Customs and Exchequer. Five of the Duties, to Amount of the Drawback to be allowed on each Ar-Exampltad. which French Cordial Waters are subject, are, The Old, tide, upon Exportation, must be settled likewise. — If The New, The One Third, The Two Thirds Subsi- the Reduction can be formed, and carried by Degrees dies, and, The Second Twenty-five per Centy on into Execution, the Plan may be entered and proceed-French Goods; and, if imported by Aliens, the Petty ed upon immediately, without delaying it until the Customs likewise. These Five Duties, in order to Book of Rates is completed. The Act of the Ninth obtain the Amount of them, are still raised and collected of George the Second seems to point out the Means, in the Customs under their distinct Heads; but when That Act selects all the Articles, included under the

Denomination

# $5 Geo. III. ai°

Denomination of Spirits, from other Articles liable to the same Duties, and lays the Ground for a Consolidation of Five of the Duties tb which Spirits were at K* 66. that Time subject. These Five are a Poundage upon Example ad. the Rate. There are now Six Branches remaining, kept distinct Suppose the Rate to be the adopted Measure of computing the Duties upon the remaining Branches, the Amount of the Duty will be nearly Seven Shillings and One Penny for every Gallon of French Cordial Waters imported in Four Glass Bottles.

The Officer will, by these Means, be relieved from all Computation upon this Article; and his Entries will be rendered simple. One Sum may be paid into the Exchequer, under the same Head of Subsidy on Spirits, and the Whole carried, as the Produce of Five of the Branches is now, to the Aggregate Fund; and the Deficiencies that may arise from thence, in the Funds Of which these Six last Duties now form a Part, may be charged upon the Aggregate Fund, just in the same Manner as the Deficiencies in the Funds to which the Five first were applicable now stand charged by the same Act.

No Reason occurs to us, why the same Steps may not be taken with regard to Wine, Tea, Sugar, Tobacco, Linen, Salt, Coals, and any other extensive and productive Subjects of the Custom Duties. The proper Rule of Computation may be established; the Aggregate of the Duties obtained; the Sum paid into the Exchequer, under the Head of the Duties upon that particular Article, and carried to the Sinking Fund; and that Fund be made liable to such Deficiencies as may be occasioned by this Alteration. — The Office of the Customs will find immediate Benefit from such a Regulation; and the Plan will be continually approaching nearer to its Completion.

If the Principles on which we have endeavoured to establish this Consolidation of the Custom Duties be well founded, they lead to a still more important and extensive Regulation.

We cannot presume to pronounce, without a previous Examination, that they can be applied to such other Offices of the Revenue as are perplexed with a Multiplicity of distinct Accounts; but it is highly probable, that Distinction, in every Office, is, for the most Part, rendered necessary upon the same Ground of Appropriation; and if so, it may upon the same Principles be abolished. This will open the Way to a great Measure of Financial Regulation — to the Introduction of the most simple of all Modes of Account into the Depository of the Public Treasure — the Formation of One Fund, into which shall flow every Stream of the Public Revenue, and from whence shall issue the Supply for every Public Service.

The Public Creditor may safely rely upon this Fund for the Payment of his Annuity: The Excess of it will be the same as the Excess of the Sinking Fund would be, were that Fund to continue in its present State.

How far the Produce of the Sinking Fund has exceeded the Charges upon it, appears from the* Account N°79. of the Surplusses for these last Ten Years. The Sum therein stated as the Surplus of the last Year is incom-£.1,600,000. plete: It amounted to above One million Six hundred thousand Pounds more; which Sum has been issued to supply the Deficiencies of the Taxes for Five Quarters, occasioned in Part from the Interest of the Loans often taking Place long before the Taxes raised for the Payment of the Annuities commenced, and still longer before any Part of them were received — and in Part from the Unproductiveness of other Duties. The Usage has been, to replace these Deficiencies to the Sinking Fund from the Supplies of the Year.

Thus, One great Fund of Revenue, composed of the Annual Income of the State, will be the ample Security Vol. 40.

Martii. 73

to every Public Creditor for the Payment of his An- Thirteentk nuity; and the collateral Security to that Fund, the Report Property of the Nation. on PuWlc

This Plan is consistent with every Distinction of Ac- Accounts, count in the Exchequer, that may be necessary to preserve the Knowledge of the Produce of each of the several leading Branches of Revenue, and the Quantum and Circumstances of the Issue for any particular Service.

There is no Danger of confounding the Receipts, or of the Issues exceeding the Sums voted or appropriated to each Service.

We have confined this Inquiry to the Collection of the Duties in the Office of the Customs, the Payment of them into the Exchequer, and the Manner in which the Accounts of them are kept in both Offices.

What remains, and will be the next Object of our Examination, is the Diminution of the Produce of these Duties by the Charges of Management; which, though a Branch of the same Subject, is capable of a distinct and separate Consideration. The Objects it involves are numerous, and of Moment to the Public: The Investigation must, from the Nature of them, require much Time and Attention. Had we waited until that Investigation could have been completed, our Report, already sufficiently voluminous, must have been delayed to a distant Period: And, should the Materials we have thus collected be deemed a sufficient Ground for the Exertion of the Wisdom of Parliament, the Public might have been deprived of the early Benefit of Regulation essential to the Security and good Management of their Revenue, and to the Facility and Accuracy of their Accounts, in Two of their most important Offices.

Office of Accounts, T. Anguish, (L.S.)

Surrey Street, A. Piggott9 (L.S.l

18th March 1785. Richd Neave, (L.S.)

Sam1 Beachcroft, (L.S.)

Geo. Drummondj (L.S.)

Will Roe. (L.S.)

APPENDIX.

N# 1.

The Examination of Charles Harris, Esquire,

Deputy Auditor of the Imprest; taken upon Oath, 30th June, 7th and 9th July, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That the Materials sent to the Auditor of the Imprest, by the Receiver General of the Customs, from whence his Account is made out, are — a Book of Account, containing Entries of all his Receipts and Payments, under every Head of Duty —

Books containing Entries of the Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills — the Quarterly Establishments — Lists of Salaries and Allowances — and, a List of the Tallies, with the Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills — Receipts of the Parties, or their Agents or Assigns — and Tallies.

The Charge upon the Receiver General consists of — the Balance remaining due on the preceding Account, either in Money, or unsatisfied Bonds and Imprest Orders — and, of the Money and Bonds received by him, during the Time of the Account. —

The Auditor charges the Receiver General with this Sum, in consequence of an Account, delivered by the Controller General to the Auditor, containing a Charge upon the Receiver General, of all the Sums received by him, in Money and Bonds, during the Time of the Account, upon the several Branches of the Customs. This Account is signed by the Controller General, and sworn to by him, before a Baron of the Exchequer; and upon the Authority of this 8 I Account

Thirteenth Report on Pnbiic Accounts.

21 ° Martii. A* 1785.

Account, the Auditor charges the Receiver General, after examining and seeing that the Totals, under each Head of Duty, agree with the Account of the Receiver General.

The Vouchers for the Discharge are — Tallies — the Quarterly Establishments — Debentures — Certificates — Portage Bills — Treasury Warrants — Orders of the Commissioners — and, the Receipts of the Parties.

The Sums paid by the Receiver General into the Exchequer, are vouched by the Tallies; the Number of Tallies for the Year of this Account is One thousand Five hundred and Twenty-four. The Receiver General produces a Receipt for every Payment. The Authority for every Payment is either entered in the Office, or produced by him.

The Authority for the Payments, upon the Quarterly Establishments in the Port of London, is the Warrant of the Treasury, annexed to the List; that for the Payment of the Patent Officers in the Port of London> and for some at the Out Ports, and in the Plantations, is the Patents themselves, entered in the Auditor’s Office.

W'here a Payment is made pursuant either to a Treasury Warrant, or the Order of the Commissioners of the Customs, the Warrant or Order must be produced. Payments for Incident Charges and Allowances must be certified by the Controller General, and allowed by the Commissioners of the Customs.

The Authority for allowing the Payment of the Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills, is the Signature of Four Commissioners of the Customs; they all contain the Signature of various other Officers, but whether they are such Officers as the Instruments Vequire, the Auditor of the Imprest can have no Cognizance. The Vouchers are all compared with the Entries of those Payments in their respective Books, and the Totals of the Payments under each Branch of Duty in those Books, are compared with the Entries of the like Totals in the Receiver General’s Book of Account.

It is no Part of the Business of the Auditor, to take Notice out of what Fund the Payment is made; nor can he form any Judgment at what Rate the Computation is made upon the Receipt of any Duty: There are certain Officers in the Customs appointed to that Service. After this Examination, the Account is reduced into the Official Form: The Articles in the Charge are similar to those in the Account of the Receiver General ;* the Articles in the Discharge are ranged in a Manner different from the Arrangement in his Account. The Accountant ranges his Payments under the Heads of Duty out of which they are made; the Auditor, according to the Usage of his Office, ranges them either under Heads of Service, or from the Authority under which they are paid, or the Instruments by which they are paid. The Balance being found to agree, the Receiver General swears to the Truth of his Account before a Baron of the Exchequer. The Attestation is wrote at the Foot of the Account of that Branch of the Duties called the Customs, for there the Balance of the whole Account appears; every other Duty being balanced in his Book of Account, and the Balance paid by him into the Exchequer. The Account is then passed through the several Offices of the Treasury and Exchequer.

Cha* Harris.

T. Anguish, liichd Neavc,

Sant Beach croft,

Geo. Drummond,

JVm Roe.

N# 2.

The Examination of Charles Harris, Esquire, Deputy Auditor of the Imprest; taken upon Oath, August 2d, 3d, 10th, 13th, 17th, and 20 th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That the Materials received by the Auditor of the Imprest, from the Controller General of the Customs, from whence the Auditor forms his Account, are, First, The General Book of Account, which comprehends the Totals of the Annual Receipts and Payments of all the Collectors in London, and at the Out Ports, during the Period of the Account, with the Debts depending, and Overpayments, both of the Year preceding the Account, and of the Year under Examination; all arranged under their separate and respective Heads of Duties.

Secondly, The London Accounts, which are Books containing Weekly Accounts of the Receipts of the Duties in the Port of London by each Collector, with his Payments to the Receiver General.

Thirdly, The Quarterly Accounts of each Collector at the Out Ports, which contain his Receipts of Duties during the Quarter, but neither his Remittances to the Receiver General, nor his Payments over to other Collectors.

Fourthly, The Receipt Book, which comprehends Entries of the Totals of the Weekly Receipts of every Duty in the Port of London, and of the Quarterly Receipts by the Collectors at the Out Ports.

Fifthly, Accounts of Payments by the several Collectors, under particular Heads.

Sixthly, A Book, containing Entries of all the Payments for Salaries and Incidents, by all the Out Port Collectors.

Seventhly, Separate Debenture, Certificate, and Portage Bill Books, with the Vouchers for all the Payments.

The Charge upon the Controller General consists of, First, The Arrears depending upon the Receivers and Collectors, at the Foot of the preceding Account; each Article contains the Total Sum in Arrear, of Monfey and Bonds, under each Head of Duty, and is taken from the preceding Account.

Secondly, The Money received, and Bonds given, for the Duties during the Year of the Account.

Thirdly, The Over-payments, or Sums paid by them during the Year of the Account, more than they have received under the several Heads of Duties.

The Discharge contains, First, The Over-payments, or Sums appearing to be due to the Collectors upon the several Heads of Duties, at the Foot of the preceding Account, and are taken from that Account.

Secondly, The Money remitted to, and accounted for by, the Receiver General.

Thirdly, The Money paid for Salaries and Incidents at the Out Ports.

Fourthly, The Allowance of Four Pence in the Pound for collecting the Coinage Duty.

Fifthly, Payments upon Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills.

Sixthly, The Balance, consisting of Arrears in Money and Bonds, remaining due from the several Collectors.

The Charge upon the Controller General of the Sum received in Money and Bonds during the Year, is taken from the Receipt Book. The Articles in that Receipt Book are taken from the London and Quarterly Accounts; these Accounts are signed by certain Officers, generally by the Collector and Controller of the Duty; upon this Signature, and the Oath of the £ Accountant,

35 Geo. III.

3i° Martii.

675

Accountant, the Auditor relies for the Truth of this Charge.

The Article of Over-payments is copied from the Controller General’s Book of Account; the Auditor relies upon his Oath for the Truth of it. Frequently Collectors receive Money and Bonds from other Collectors; of this the Auditor has no Cognizance, but from the Entries in the Controller General’s Account, in which the Money and Bonds received from, and paid to, other Collectors, are Two Heads; the Auditor, in forming the Official Account, charges and discharges the Collectors of these Sums, as he finds them entered in the General Account, upon the Authority of the Controller General; these Payments to other Collectors occasion a Variation in the Overpayments, and prevent die Auditor from checking the m.

In the Discharge, the Vouchers for the Salaries at each Out Port are, the Quarterly Establishments, signed by Four Commissioners. The Vouchers for the Incidents are, a List of the Payments, with the Bills annexed; this List includes the Salaries, and is sworn to by the Collector before his Controller. An Abstract both of the Salaries and Incidents is signed by the Controller General, and allowed by Two Commissioners; each Voucher must have a Receipt.

The Allowance for the Coinage Duty, being Four Pence in the Pound on the Sum collected, is computed upon the Sum charged to be received for that Duty in the Receipt Book.

The Vouchers for the Payments upon Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills, are, the Instruments themselves, properly authenticated.

The Auditor examines and forms the Account in the following Manner: —

In the Charge, he compares the Entries of the Ar* tides of the Receipt in the London and Out Port Accounts, with the correspondent Entries in the Receipt Book.

In the Discharge, the Vouchers for the Salaries and Incidents are compared with the Entries in the Lists, which are cast up and computed, and the Totals compared with the Entries of those Totals in the General Salary and Incident Book, and those Entries with the corresponding Entries in the General Book of Account. — The Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills, are compared with the Entries in their respective Books; the Totals in those Books are cast up, and compared with the Entries in the Controller General’s Account; this Account being found to be right, the Auditor reduces it into the Official Form.

In the Charge, the Entry of the Arrears in the Account depending consists of the Totals of the Arrears of each Duty; but the Entry of them at the Foot of the preceding Account contains also the Debts due from each Collector on each Head of Duty: These Arrears are either Debts due from the Collectors in Office, or from Collectors enumerated in the Even and Dormant Schedules, entered upon Accounts of former Years; or from the Collectors enumerated in the Open or Fluctuating Schedule, at the Foot of the preceding Account.

The Articles that compose the Sum received by the Collectors in Money and Bonds during the Year, are taken from the General Account: The Entries of the Over-payments are taken from the same Account. In the Discharge, the Entry of the Overpayments is taken from the last Article in the Charge of the preceding Account, with this Difference; — in that Account is entered the Over-payments of each Collector upon each Head of Duty, but in the Account depending, the Entry is the Total of the Overpayments upon each Head of Duty only. The Article of Money remitted to the Receiver General, and V o l. 40.

accounted for by hint in his Cash Account, contains the Thirteenth -Duties he has received from the Collectors, and the Keport Sum arising from Bonds in his Hands discharged, on Hufclic But the Article in the Charge, in his Cafch Account Acc0UIU5‘ of Money and 'Bonds received within the Time Of the Account, includes the Receipts from Scotland and thfe Plantations; and tlte Difference between the Amount of his Bonds at the Beginning and at the End of the Year, as well as the Sum which ho has received from the Collectors, and from the Discharge of Bonds.

The Controller General has Credit for this Sum upon the Admission of the Receiver General, who has passed an Account of k in his Cash Account of the Year.

The Balance consists of Money afrd Bonds ^remaining in Arrears: -As the ACcofapt parsed by the Controller General is not1 his own Adcoutitp but that of the Collectors, the Arrears ate chargedas depending not oh him, but on the several Collectors under every Branch of Duty, and consequently the Account is always* even and quit.

The Amount of the Fees paid to the Auditor, for auditing the Cash Account of the Customs, is Seven hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds; of which Twenty Pounds is paid by the Accountant, and not charged to the Public: And, for auditing the General Accourst,

Eight hundred and Nine Pounds; both of them subject to the Civil List Duty of Six Pence in the Pound. These Fees are grounded in Part upon the Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer Godolphln, and in Part on subsequent Warrants of the Treasury.

Clue Harris.

T. Anguish,

A Piggott,

Richd Neeme,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond\

Wiltn Roe.

N’ 3.

The Examination of Mr. John Mills; taken upon Oath, June 16th, 23d, and 30th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Assistant to Tl’ll* liam Mellish, Esquire, the Receiver General of the Customs; he has been about Thirty-two Years in the Office of the Receiver General, and Two Years Assistant; he settled the Account of the Receiver General of the Customs for the Year 1781, and transmitted it to the Auditors of the Imprest. The Sum with which the Receiver General stands charged, consists of Cash — unsatisfied Bonds — and, Imprest Orders. The Bonds are to the King, payable to the Receiver General, and given for Duties on Tobacco. An Imprest Order, is the Order of the Commissioners to the Receiver General to advance a Sum on Account, with the Receipt of the Person to whom it is issued, annexed. Neither the Bonds nor Imprest Orders are sent to the Auditor, and therefore the Receiver General is charged with the Amount of them as Cash. — All the Money in the Hands of the Receiver General arises either from Payments made to him by the Collectors of the Customs, or from Bonds or Bills discharged; the Bonds in his Custody he receives from the Collector Inwards in the Port of London. — The Collectors in the Port of London are making Daily Payments, and every Saturday send to the Receiver General an Account of the whole Sum they have paid in during the Week, distributed under its proper Heads of Duty. — The Collectors at the Out Ports remit to him their Receipts in Bills or Notes, and generally with an Account under what Heads of Duties the Money is to be placed. — The Account sent to

the

Thirtewth Report on Public Accounts.

<576

i2i0 Martii.

A. 1785.

the Auditor comprehends the Total Sqm received during the Year, from all the Collectors, under each Head of Duty, with the Payments made under each Head of Duty. The Authority by which the Receiver General makes Payments is, either Treasury Warrants every Quarter or Half Year, for paying the Establishments in the Port of London and the Plantations — or Dormant Warrants, by which Officers are paid their Salaries upon Application, as long as they remain in Office — or Orders of the Commissioners of the Customs. Every Order for the Payment of Money must be signed by Four Commission

N* 4.

The Examination of Mr. Joshua Powell; takeii upon Oath, the 18th and 22d June, and 9th July, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is First Clerk to the Controller General of the Accounts of the Customs, and has been in that Office above Eleven Years. It is the Duty of the Controller General to keep the Accounts of every Collector of the Customs in the Ring-

ers; and is paid out of the Fund under the Head of dom — Every Collector both receives and pays Money

Customs, unless other Funds are inserted in the In- A-----" n a j 1 1 ’ -

strument: The Payment is made to the Person producing the Order, with an Acquittance. Bounties,

Salaries, and contingent Expences are usually paid out of Customs; — Debentures for Drawbacks, Certificates, and Allowances relating to any particular Duty, are paid out of that Duty. The Sums paid into the Exchequer by the Receiver General are ranged under their respective Heads of Duties. — Debentures for Drawbacks and Bounties are sometimes paid by the Collectors pursuant to the Orders of the Commissioners, in which Case the Collectors pay those Debentures to the Receiver General as Cash. After the Year’s Account is completed, it is sent to the Office of the Controller General, and the Charge upon the Receiver General is checked by him, and each Article marked off.

Every Saturday the Total Sum of Cash received by the Receiver General during that Week is paid into the Bank, and placed to his Account: A Certificate of such Receipts as can be applied, and of the Payments during that Week, is laid before the Lords of the Treasury and the Commissioners of the Customs, upon the Tuesday following; and on the Wednesday the Balance is paid into the Exchequer.

Where a Sum advanced by the Receiver General upon an Imprest Order is expended, the Person wrho has received the Imprest produces to the Receiver General a Bill for the Services performed by him, the Amount of which is certified by the Controller General; he gives a Receipt for that Amount, and takes back the Imprest Order, and the Bill is the Voucher for the Re

on Account of the Customs; and where his Receipt exceeds his Expenditure, he remits the Balance to the Receiver General. — Every Collector in the Port of London delivers to the Controller General-a Weekly Account of his Receipts and Payments: The Rule of the Office is, to deliver every Tuesday the Accounts of the preceding Week. The Collectors at the Out Ports remit their Receipts to the Receiver General by Bills and Notes; the Controller at the Out Ports sends at the same Time, or soon after, an Abstract of the same Bills or Notes to the Controller General; by these Means he has full Knowledge of all the Sums paid into the Hands of the Receiver General. — Every Saturday the Receiver General sends to the Controller General an Abstract of the Money received by him, by Bills turned into Cash, to the preceding Tuesday inclusive; this Abstract is examined, and sent back to the Receiver General; — every Tuesday he delivers to the Board this Abstract, and a Certificate of all his Receipts to the Saturday preceding, inclusive, containing Money, Bonds, and Money arising from Bonds or Bills discharged, together with his Payments, all digested under the proper Heads of Duties; this Certificate is signed by him, and delivered with the Abstract to the Controller General: Thus, by the Accounts of the Collectors and Controllers, and by the Admission of the Receiver General, a complete Annual Charge, containing an Account of the Total Sum received by him from every Collector, under each Head of Duty, is formed against him, and sent by the Controller General to the Office of the Auditor of the Imprest. — The Con-

ceiver General to the Auditor. All the Vouchers of the troller General takes no Account of the Payments

Receiver General are examined and signed by the Inspector and Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments.

The Establishments in the Port of London and the Plantations are paid pursuant to Treasury Warrants: The Patent Officers are paid by virtue of dormant Warrants: Discounts for prompt Payment on Bonds are paid by the Directions of particular Acts of Parliament: All other Payments are made in consequence of the Commissioners Orders.

Where the Receiver General receives either Money or Bills which he cannot bring to Account, for want of Knowledge under what Head of Duty he shall place them, he does not include such Money or Bills in the Weekly Certificate to the Lords of the Treasury and Commissioners of the Customs, nor does he send any

made by the Receiver General, but he keeps the Accounts both the Receipts and Payments of all the Collectors, and passes those Accounts as his own every Year, in the Office of the Auditors of the Imprest; hence it follows, that the Accounts of the Controller General are much more extensive than those of the Receiver General.

The Customs collected in North Britain are paid to the Receiver General of that Country, and Part of them remitted by him to the Receiver General in England; at the same Time the Controller General at Edinburgh sends to the Controller General in England an Abstract of the Bills remitted. The Collectors in the Plantations remit their Collections to the Receiver General, by Bills or Silver; the Controller General does not always know of those Remittances until af-

Account of them to the Commissioners of the Customs; terwards, for the Controller Abroad does not always the Controller General ought to have Knowledge of all send immediate Notice of them, or, if he does, it

such Payments and Remittances; and the Receiver General applies them when he receives the Directions of the Controller General.

J. Milk.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Samf Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummondt Willm Roe.

may be . sent by some different Ship, nor does the Collector always appropriate the Duty to its proper Head; and the Controller General cannot appropriate it, until he receives the Quarterly Account, signed by the Collector and Controller Abroad, until which Time it remains in the Hands of the Receiver General; but this is a very inconsiderable Sum. The Number of Collectors in London are Five, in the Out Ports Seventy-two, and the Plantations about Twenty-six or Twenty-seven. The Accounts of the Collectors in the Plantations have never yet been passed in the Exchequer; the Accounts are sent

to

25 Geo. III. 210 Ma 7

to the Office imperfect; the Boatd have lately taken Steps towards compelling them to sencf more regular and accurate Accounts.

The Sums with which every Collector stands charged are, Debts in Money and Bonds, under each Head of Duty, depending at the End of the preceding Yean The Debt in Money is either the Balance remaining in his Hands, or remitted by him to the Receiver General by Bill not due; thq Bonds are those given for Duties by the Merchants, and remaining in his Custody at the End of the Year — the Money and Bonds received by him from the Merchants during the Year — the Interest he receives on those Bonds — and the Money and Bonds he receives from other Collectors. The Sums of which he discharges himself are, the Over-payments made by him on each Head of Duty in the Account of the preceding Year. — An Over-payment is, the Balance due to him upon that Head of Duty, that is, where he has paid, on Account of a Duty, more than he has received — Payments made by him for Salaries, Incidents, on Debentures, and Certificates — Remittances to the Receiver General — and Money and Bonds delivered to other Collectors.

The Money received, and the Bonds taken, by a Collector in the Port of London, appear from the Account made up and signed by him every Week. The Account of the Collector Inwards is countersigned by the Surveyor General, or Surveyor, and by the Controller and Examiner of the Port of London — ^That of the Collector Outwards is countersigned by all the same Officers, except the Examiner — The Account of the Collector of Coals is countersigned by his Controller and Examiner; and those of the Collectors of Wool and Leather, and of White Woollen Cloths, are countersigned by their respective Controllers, the Surveyor General, or Surveyor. The Controller General relies upon the Countersignature of the Accounts of these Collectors, that they contain all the Money and Bonds received by them. The Money and Bonds received by a Collector at the Out Ports appear by his Quarterly Account, signed by him, and sometimes by his Controller, and by a similar Quarterly Account sent up, and signed by the Controller at the same Port. The Collectors Account is examined, and an Abstract made of it, by the Examiner, who signs and sends it to the Surveyor of the Out Ports; he compares it with the Controllers Account, which is sent to him, and signs the Abstract; this Abstract, so signed, is the Authority for the Controller General to charge the Collector.

The Weekly Accounts of the Collectors in the Port of London, and the Quarterly Books of the Collectors of the Out Ports, are sent to the Auditors of the Imprest, as Vouchers for the Charge upon the Controller General.

The only Collector in the Port of London who makes Payments, is the Collector Inwards; he pays Debentures for Drawbacks and Bounties, and Certificates for Over-entries and Damages. Every Debenture and Certificate payable by him, or by the Receiver General, or by the Collectors at the Out Ports, requires the Signature of various Officers, and, if payable by the Receiver General, must be signed by Four Commissioners of the Customs — The Collectors pay it pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament. The Authority for the Payments made by the Collectors at the Out Ports is the Establishments sent to them every Quarter, signed by Four Commissioners, or Orders for particular Payments, signed in the like Manner; these Establishments and Orders, with the Receipts of the Persons entitled, are the Vouchers for the Collectors; they are transmitted to the Board, examined by the proper Officers, and delivered to the Controller General, and aje his Vouchers to the Auditor.

Vql. 40.

The Controller General does not compute the Duties; he relies upon the Examiner for the Accuracy of every Computation upon the Quarter Books, Debentures, and Certificates; but he examines the Computations and Castings in the Establishments and Contingent Bills.

In every Account of a Collector, he distinguishes the Bonds he receives from the Money: Bonds may be given for the Duties upon several Articles of Commerce but the principal are, Tobacco, India Goods, and Coals. — ^The Bonds in f,ie Hands of the Collectors at the Out Ports are many of them of an ancient Date, and transferred from every Collector to his Successor. No Bonds are sent by them to the Receiver General.

Jof Powell.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neavey Sam1. Beach cross,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe*

N‘ 5.

The Examination of Mr. Joshua Powell i taken upon Oath, August 6th, nth, 17th, and 20th>

1784.

This Examinant saith, That in the Account of the Controller General, the Receiver General is charged with all the Bonds remaining in his Custody at the End of the preceding Year, and with the Bonds received by him during the Year of the Account, and with the Interest received on those Bonds; he is discharged by the Sum he receives from the Bonds paid off: The Sum of Bonds remaining in his Custody at the End of the preceding Year is taken from the last Account; the Sum of Bonds received by him during the Year is taken from the Account of the Collector Inwards, who is the only Collector that delivers Bond? to him. The Controller General knows what the Total of the Bonds amounts to upon each Duty, but he is ignorant of the particular Circumstances of each Bond; many of them appear to be of a long Date: The Sum due upon Bonds in the Hands of the Receiver General for the New Subsidy, which expired the First of August 1714, is Ten thousand Six hundred and Sixteen Pounds Nineteen- Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny; the Total Sum due on Bonds for this Duty, in the Hands of all the Collectors, including the Receiver General, is Thirty-seven thousand Five hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny. The Receiver General is placed among the Collectors in the Account of the Controller General, as accountable for the Bonds he receives, and the Interest paid on those Bonds, because, by receiving the Bonds, he stands in the Place of the Collector from whom he receives them; and the General Account comprehends an Account of all the Bonds due for the Customs in the Hands of every Accountant, and for every Branch.

The Money and Bonds received from other Collectors consist either of Money paid to a Collector by other Collectors, pursuant to Orders of the Board, or Money or Bonds received from his Predecessor, or his Representatives.

Every Collector is subject to be called upon for the Payment of Drawbacks upon certain Foreign Goods exported; in some Articles the Drawback is for the whole Duty, in some for a Part: He may be also called upon for Bounties upon certain Goods imported or exported. He may be called upon for these Payments when he has no Money in his Hands liable to those Payments, but. has Money sufficient upon other Branches of Duties: The Consequence of

8 K to®

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts*

Thirteenth

Report on Public Accounts.

7* 2i* martii. J. 1785,

his making such a Payment is, he becomes indebted to that Branch out of which he makes the Payment, and has Credit on that Branch out of which it ought to have been paid, if he had been in Cash upon that Branch^-rthis is called an Over-payment. Hence almost every Collector has an Account of Over-payments, and Debts depending, though he may have remitted the Balance of his Cash to the Receiver General; and upon his Death or Resignation his Accounts of the different Branches of the Duties will not be balanced, though. he may not be indebted to Government: Thus almost every Collector, from a remote Period, has an Account of Over-Payments and Debts depending still open in the Customs; and this Account has been constantly accumulating and increasing, in Proportion to the Increase of the Number of Branches of Duties: To prevent the swelling the General Account, by inserting this Account of each Collector dead or out of Office under each Head of Duty, they are inserted in Three Schedules; One of them, called an Even Schedule, comprehends a Set of Collectors, in which the Sum of the Over-payments of each is balanced by the Sum of their Debts depending; the last Even Schedule was formed in the Year 1776, and contains the Names of One hundred and Forty-four Collectors: The Second, called The Dormant Schedule, includes those Collectors whose Over-payments are not balanced by their Debts depending, which Debts are principally considered as desperate; this Schedule is also dated in 1776, and contains the Names of Two hundred and Forty-four Collectors: The Fluctuating Schedule contains the rest of the Collector^ who are dead, and their Accounts either not Even, or, if Even, not yet transferred to the Even Schedule, and those Collectors in Office, so far as they have had no Transactions under particular Heads of Duties during the Year of the Account; this Schedule is formed every Year.

A Debenture for a Drawback or a Bounty is made out, and generally paid at the Port from whence the Goods are exported: If it is a Debenture for a Drawback, and the Collector has no Money on that Head of Duty, he pays it out of ftuch Duties as are in his Hands, at his own Option.

In general, the Act that gives a Bounty upon the Exportation of any Goods, directs out of what Duty that Bounty shall be paid; sometimes it directs the Bounty to be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Collector. There are Five Branches, called The Excepted Branches, Three on Coals, and Two on (Coinage, out of which po Bounties should properly be paid; the Duties on Coals are considered neither as Exports new Imports, but as Duties paid Coast-wjse, and therefore no Bounty is to be paid opt of them: The Coinage Duties, being originally laid for the special Purpose of the Mint, are likewise exr cepte<D but if the Collector has no other Money in his Hands than what has arisen from the excepted Branr ches, he would pay the Bounty out of them, in which Case the Controller would correct his Account, by making him indebted upon the excepted Branch, for the Sqm he has paid, and overpaid upon that Branch liable to the Bounty. Many of the Ports are called Negative Ports, the Duties there collected not being sufficient to defray the Expences; this renders it necessary for the Board to order Money to be remitted to them from other Collectors. The Usage is, to send to the Collector that wants Money, an Order or Draft upon the Collector Inwards of the Port of London, payable to the Collector at the Out Port: This Order is negotiable, and when paid by the Collector Inwards is his Voucher to the Controller General, who keeps it in his Possession, and does not send it to the Auditor: the Auditor has no Knowledge of this Transaction, nor is it necessary he should, 7

provided the Two Heads in the General Account of Money and Bonds received, and Money and Bond* delivered over, are Even.

The Controller General admits the Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills, upon the Authority and Signature of the Examiner; he admits the Payment of the established Salaries, upon the Authority of the Establishments themselves, signed by Four Commissioners; and of Lists of all the Payments, with the Receipts annexed, signed and sworn to by the Collector before, his Controller, who signs his Name to it; and for each incidental Payment above Forty Shillings, an Order must be produced, signed by Four Commissioners. After the Articles in the Quarterly Account have been examined by the Con* troller General, he signs to the Amount of the Iisf, and Two Commissioners sign the Allowance of it No other Account is passed of the Remittances, either of the Duties received in Scotland or in the Plantations, except that, in the Account of the jRe-eeiver General, he is charged by the Controller General with the Sums he receives for these Duties during die

T. Anguish,

A. Riggott, Rich4 Ntave, Sam1 Bmchcroft, Geo. Drummond, Willm Roc.

N° 6.

The Examination of Mr. John Dailey; taken upon Oath, June 25th and 30th, 1784.

Thd6 Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments; he has been in this Department about Eighteen Years, and Deputy above Two Years.

Every Week each Collector in the Port of London sends to this Office an Account of his Receipts under each Branch of Duty, and of his Payments into the Hands of the Receiver General, during the Week, which Account is signed by a Controller; the Receiver General sends to this Office every Day his Books, containing the Payments of Debentures, Ah lowances, and Portage Bills, made by him the preceding Day, of which Entries the Supervisor takes a Copy: Every Saturday Two Clerks in this Office, and Two Clerks in the Receiver Generals Office, compare the Books of each Office with the Vouchers, and if they correspond, and have their proper Acquit* tances, the Vouchers are cancelled by striking an Iron through them, and they are left with the Re* ceiver General. — Every Week the Receiver General sends to this Office a Certificate, containing all his Receipts and Payments during the preceding Week, ranged under their respective Heads of Duties; his Receipts from the Collectors in the Port of London are compared with the Weekly Accounts of those Collectors. The Collectors at the Out Ports, and in the Plantations, and the Receiver General in Scotland, send no Account to this Office of their Remit* tances to the Receiver General. — The Supervisor generally every Quarter compares the Entries of the Payments of the Receiver General, by virtue of Treasury Warrants, or Orders of the Commissioners, with the Vouchers, and signs his Name to each of them, as a Certificate to the Auditor that they have been examined by him. The Collector Inwards, who is the Receiver of the Plantation Duties, at the same Time that he delivers the Tobacco Bonds to the Receiver General, sends to this Office a Schedule of those Bonds, signed by the Controller; about the > same

5 Geo. III. X i° Martii. 6n$

same Time the Receiver General sends the Bonds themselves, which are compared with the Schedule, and sent back to the Receiver General: He makes out a Certificate in what Manner these Bonds are discharged; the Supervisor has Recourse to this Certificate, examines the Articles contained in it, and allows him Credit accordingly.

The Receiver General pays every Week into the Exchequer the Balance of his Account; this Balance contains Sums received in various Branches of Duties, sometimes amounting to more than Fifty; for *ach Branch he receives a Tally, the Tallies are sent to the Supervisor, who compares them with the Weekly Certificate, sees that they correspond with the Balance paid in, signs, and sends them hack to the Receiver General. — ?The Books, containing the Debentures for Bounties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Portage Bills, which are sent every Year to the Auditor, are each examined by the Supervisor, with the Entries of those Instruments in his Ofice, and sigped by toim before they are sent to the Auditor. A Copy of the Establishment is sent by the Board to this Office; and the Payments upon it made by the Receiver General, and contained in his Weekly Certificate, are

compared with it. Where Payments are made by the Thirteenth Receiver General in consequence of Patents, Consti- ReP°rt tutions, or Treasury Warrants, those Instruments are Xcanult* entered in this Office, and the Vouchers for the Payments examined with those Instruments.

The Supervisor occasionally examines the Bonds in the Custody of the Receiver General, in order to be satisfied that he has iu his Possession the Number he stands charged with* Where a Merchant makes a Deposit in Part Discharge of his Bond, before he pays it into the Receiver General’s Office, he brings the Receiver General’s Receipt, to be registered by the Supervisor, who sees that the Sum is applied to its proper Bond*

Where Interest becomes due upon a Bond, the Supervisor calculates and enters it, before it is paid to the Receiver General.

/ Valley.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sand Beachcrcft,

Geo. Drummond, mil* Roe.

You *0w

N*

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts*

680

210 Martii.

A. 1785,

N* 7.

A STATE of the Cash Account of William Mellish, Esquire, Receiver General and Cashier of His Majesty’s Customs, new and additional Impositions, &c\ for a Year, to 5th January 1782; viz\

d.

6*

1 iJ

The CHARGE.

r Remaining in the Hands of this Accountant upon, the End I and Determination of the preceding Account of this £. s.

Arrears^ Revenue, for a Year, to 5th January 1781 - - 7,202 4

Depending in Bonds and Imprest Orders, unsatisfied at the L Determination of the preceding Account - - - 211,212 8

Money and Bonds received within the Time of this Account for the Customs, and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and of the new and additional Impositions Interest on Bonds received of several Merchants - . - - - .-

Old Deposits, &c‘. - - - x - -

Surcharges for Want of Receipts, &ca. -

Money charged to rectify an Error in preceding Account -

Total of the Charge -

The DISCHARGE.

Salaries to the Officers upon the Quarterly Establishments in the Port

of London - -.....-

Salaries to the Patent Officers in the Port of London -

Salaries to the Patent Officers in the Out Ports -Salaries to the Officers of the Customs in the Plantations -

Money paid by virtue of Warrants of the Treasury -Money paid for incident Charges, by virtue of On

Orders of the Com-

*" " I-

£ $. d.

38,278 — 11

7,405 9 1

2,373 10 8

2,382 8 9

8,169 !4 3

85,842 4 1 I

4,194 4 8 I

625,665 11 1

18,070 956 2 10

2 7i

d.

218,41412 81

3,592,61016 9* 2116 2

8315 9

74 17 2 . 36 7 9

3,811,242 6 31

) 148,645 12 6

Money paid for incident Charges and Allowances, out of the new Duties and additional Impositions -

Money paid upon Debentures for Goods, &cm. exported, and for Com exported, and other Bounties -

Money paid upon Certificates of Goods damaged, or over entered Money paid on Portage Bills -

Money paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer -Money allowed to take off an erroneous Surcharge in the preceding Account -

Total of the Discharge £

And so remains -

Against which

There is depending, in Bonds and Imprest Orders, undischarged the 5th January 1782.....----

And so the said Accountant is indebted the Sum of -

644,691 16 6 i-

2,772,346 6 4 §

4-----

3,565,687 15 5 245,554 10 io{

244,654 3 5 900 7 5

A true Copy.

Cha' Harris, Dep'r And\

Auditor of Imprests Office, 15th June 1784.

V 8.

45 Geo. III.

41° Martii.

681

N* 8.

A STATE of the General Account of the Customs, new and additional Impositions, exhibited by Hugh Valence Jones, Esquire, Controller General of His Majesty's Customs, for One Year, ended 5th

4

January 1782; viz*.

The CHARGE:

Arrears /Depending upon sundry Receivers and Collectors, at the Foot of foe preceding 1 Account of the said Duties, ended 5th January 1781 -

Money and Bonds due and payable to His Majesty for the Customs, and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Impositions, within the Time of this Account ——

Money received for Interest on Bonds not satisfied in due Time

Money overpaid by several Receivers and Collectors of the Customs, and other Duties, the 5th January 1782 ——

Total of the Charge - > - £

The DISCHARGE:

Money allowed, being the Over-payments on the Customs, and other Dudes, the 5th January 1781, as by the preceding Account appears -

Money remitted to the Receiver General, and accounted for by him in his Cash Account of foe Customs, for foe Year ended 5th January 1782 -

Money paid for Salaries and Incidents in the Out Ports -

The Allowance of 4 d.in the Pound for collecting foe Coinage Duty - -

Money repaid upon Debentures and Certificates, and for Money paid upon Portage Bills - - - - ....

Total of foe Discharge - £.

And so Remains -

Against which

There is depending, in Money and Bonds, on sundry Receivers and Collectors of His Majesty’s ' Customs, for Arrears remaining in their Hands foe 5th January 1782 - -

And so fob General Account of Customs is Even and Quit. *

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

l- s. d.

1,342,612 19 6i

4,027,342 15 7i

21 l6 2

508,268 13 7i

5,878,246 4, m

i- s. d.

503,353 12 5i

3,495,472 3 io{

134,304 13 51

238 4 if

281,628 — 7f

4,414,996 14 6i

1,463,249 10 5i

1,463,24910 5!

A true Copy.

Auditor of Imprests Office, 15th June 1784.

Chef Harris, Dep‘r Audr.

Vo I, 40.

8 L

N* 9.

6*2

2i° Martiu

A. 1785.

Thirteenth

Report

on Public Accounts.

N* 9.

FEES received by Lord Viscount Mountstuart, One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprests, for auditing the Gash Account of Customs, for a Year, to the 5th of January 1782, out of the following Duties; viz1.

Customs - - - - . - -

Impost 1690, on Silks and Linen - - - ,

Impost on Wine, &ca. -

Impost on Tobacco -

Additional Impost 1692 -

The 2d £. 25 per Cent, on French Goods.....-

The new Duty on Spice, Pictures, &c\ - ~ *

Impost of £. 1,5 per Cent, on Muslins....

Impost on Whale Fins - - - . -

Impost of 3/. per Chaldron on Coals -

Impost of 2/. per Chaldron on Coals -

The new Subsidy, which commenced 26th October 1760 - -

The additional of 4-d Subsidy -

The -f-d Subsidy ——

The new Duty on Goods exported ——

The Duty 1709, on Pepper, &c\ ....

The new Duty on Hides, Skins, &ca. - -

The new Duty on Soap, &c\....

' The new Duty on Candles -

The Coinage Duty ——

Coinage Duty from the Accountant -....

Dedact Civil List

Net - -

Chat1 Harris, Depty Audr. *

17th August 1784.

£. s. d

410 — —

25

25 — — 25 - -

25-----

10-----

10-----

18 - -

12----

25 — —

20-----

40-----

2o-----

20 — —

10-----

2-----

2 -

10----

719----

20----

739 -

18 9 6

720 10 6

N* 10.

the General Account of Customs, to the 5th of January 1782; viz*.

Customs and Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage

Impost 1690, on Silks and Linens -

Imposts on Wine and Vinegar - -

Imposts on Tobacco -

New and additional Impositions -

The 2d £. 25 per Cent, on French Goods -

The new Duty on Spice, Pictures, &c\

The Impost of £. 15 per Cent on Muslins The Impost on Whale Fins -The Impost of 3/. per Chaldron on Coals -The Impost of 2/. per Chaldron on Coals -The new Subsidy, 26th October 1760 The additional -fd Subsidy -

The -f-d Subsidy....

The new Duty on Goods exported -The Impost 1709, on Pepper -The new Duty on Hides, Skins, &c\ -The Duty on Soap, &c\ -The new Duty on Candles - -

The Coinage Duty -

17th August 1784.

Deduct Civil List -Net -

Chas Harris, Dep'r Audf.

presto, for auditing

L *

500

25 —

25 —

25

25

10

5 ' 10

5 18

12

25

20

40

20

20

10 2

2 10

809 — —

- 20 4 0

£ 788 15 6

N°n.

25 Geo. III. 21° Martn. 683

N* 11.

The Examination of William Suckling, Esquire; taken upon Oath, 12th and 22d of November, and 1st December, 1784.

This Examinant saith. That he is Deputy Collector of the Duties Inwards in the Port of London; he holds his Office by Deputation from Sir Banks Jenkinson, the Collector Inwards; he has been Deputy Collector about Twelve Years.

All the Duties Inwards are collected by Three Receivers, under and subject to the Controul of the Deputy Collector; One is the Receiver of the Grand Receipt, that is, of all the Duties Inwards, except the Duties arising from Imports from the Plantations, and from Wine, each of which has a separate Receiver, by reason of the Magnitude of the Revenue arising from them, and the Quantity of Business they occasion. The Duties are paid by the Merchant, either to the proper Receiver, or to the Receiver General, and usually after they have been computed by some known Officer belonging to the Customs; sometimes they are paid to the Receiver General by the Merchant or his Agent, without the Intervention of the Receiver.

If the Duty is paid to the Receiver, the Merchant produces to him the Warrant and the Six Bills, with the Duties computed on One Bill; this Computation must appear upon the Face of it to have been made by some known Officer, or marked by the Clerk of the Rates: The Receiver receives the Duties, enters them in Figures upon the Warrant, under their several Branches, signs his Name to the Total, retains the Bill, and delivers the Warrant and the other Five Bills to the Clerk of the Warrants; sometimes the Receiver requests the Merchant to pay the Duties to the Receiver General, and upon Production of his Receipt enters the Duties upon the Warrant. Where the Merchant pays the Duties to the Receiver General, before he applies to the proper Receiver, he relies upon the Accuracy of his own Computation as to the Payment in, but must procure the Computation, either of the proper Officer, or of the Clerk of the Rates, before he produces his Warrant, Bills, and Receipt, to the Receiver.

When the Business of the Day is closed, the Receiver is bound by his Instructions to pay into the Office of the Receiver General all the Cash he has received during the Day, reserving only enough to answer such Demands as he is informed are likely soon to be made upon him, on Account of the Revenue; these Daily Payments to the Receiver General are Payments on A\ccount.

On the last Day of every Week every Receiver appropriates the Total Sum paid on his Account to the Receiver General during the Week, under the proper Branches: This Appropriation is signed by the Receiver and the Cashier of the Receiver General.

The Receiver enters from his Bill, in his Cash Book, the Duties he has received on every Warrant, under their several Branches. As often as the Business will permit, the Controller, the Surveyor, the Surveyor General, and the proper Examiner, bring to the Office of each of the Three Receivers their several Cash Books, containing Entries of the Duties, similar to those in the Cash Books of the Receivers; each Article is read by One of them, whilst the others attend to their own Entries: After this Examination each Receiver and Check cast up to a Total the Daily Receipt of each Branch; from these Daily Totals a Weekly Total is formed every Week of each Branch, and One Total formed of the several Branches; and these several Totals are compared and examined in like Manner as the separate Articles of the' Daily Receipt.

Vol. 40.

In the Grand Receipt, where the Duties are so numerous, the Number of Daily Warrants so great, and the Computation so varied, Errors in the Computation must frequently arise; he believes seldom a Day passes but there is some Difference in the Computation of the different Checks; where the Difference appears, tha Article is marked to be re-computed.

The Payments made by the Receivers are — Sums to the Receiver General — certain Debentures paid by them, and taken as Cash by the Receiver General — and certain other Debentures paid by them, and delivered to the Controller General, as Vouchers in their Accounts with him- — and Imprest Orders by the Receiver of the Wine Duties.

After the Weekly Accounts are agreed, the Receiver draws up an Account, with a Duplicate of the Weekly Receipt, which comprehends the Weekly Totals under each Branch, and the Payments during the Week, which include the Weekly Totals paid to the Receiver General under each Branch, and the Debentures delivered up to the Controller General: This Account and Duplicate are signed by the Receiver, the Computer, the Examiner, and some One other of the Checks; the Account is sent to the Controller General, and the Duplicate to the Controller of the Receiver General’s Issues; the Signature of the Receiver goes to both Sides of the Account, the Signature of the rest to the Charge only.

The Deputy Collector has under him Six Officers, holding their Appointments by Deputation from the Patent Collector Inwards. — These Six Officers are, the Clerk of the Ship’s Entries, the Clerk of the Rates, the Three Receivers, and the Clerk of the Certificates; each of these has the same Powers with the Deputy Collector, and acts for the Patentee, in the same Manner as the Deputy Collector. — The Report of the Captain of a Vessel is always sworn to before, and signed by, One of these Deputies, and One of his Checks.

The Weekly Account of each of the Three Receivers, after it has been signed by the several Checks, is brought to the Deputy Collector; the Total Sums received and paid, are entered from this Account in his Cash Book, and he transmits the Account to the Controller General. — Every Quarter the Deputy Collector examines the Balance Books of the Receivers, in which Books the Receipts and Payments of every Branch during the Quarter are brought to a Balance, and the Difference between the Sum of the Receipts and the Sum of the Payments in each Branch, must agree with the Balance of his Cash Book.

The only Bonds taken by the Receiver of the Grand Receipt, are the East India Company’s Bonds. For every Ship the Company enter into Four Bonds; One for the rated Duties, payable in Twelve Months, by equal Half Yearly Payments; One for the unrated Duties; One for the 18 per Cent. on Muslins; and the Fourth for the 15 per Cent. on Callicoes: These Three payable within stated Times after the Sales of the specific Goods. After the Goods are landed, the Surveyor of the East India Company’s Warehouses sends to the Collector the Warrant, signed by Eight Officers, containing those Circumstances, relative tq the Goods landed, that are essential to the Computation of the Duties; the Bills for the Receiver and Checks are sent by the Company; the Warrant and Bills pass the Offices in the usual Manner: These Bonds are retained by the Collector, until the Duties are paid by the Company, unless delivered over by the Order of the Board to the Solicitor, to be put in Force.

The only Bonds taken by the Receiver of the Plantation Duties, are Tobacco Bonds. After the Duties for the Quantity of Tobacco specified in the Warrant have been computed, and entered upon the Warrant and Bills, the Bond is given for the Sum of the Duties, payable within Fifteen Months from the Ship’s

Report;

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

684 - ai MarA. 11$5,

Thirteenth Report; if paid before, a Discount is allowed for prompt Payment:. This Receiver delivers the Bond to Accounts! the Receiver General. ' His Weekly Account contains separate Accounts of the Duties he has received in Cash, and the Bonded Duties, and in his Discharge the Duties he has paid, and the Bonds he has delivered to the Receiver General; these are the only Receipts and Payments in his Weekly Account; the Collector enters these Totals in his Cash Book. The Discharge in the Weekly Account of the Receiver of the Plantation Receipt contains his Payments to the Receiver General only. The Discharge of the Receiver of the Wine Duties contains also the Money he has paid upon Imprest Orders, and these are his only Payments.

After the Sales of the unrated Goods, for which the Bonds are given by the India Company, and deposited with the Collector Inwards, the Duties are computed and entered upon the Warrants and Bills, and paid to the Receiver of the Grand Receipt: Upon the Certificate of the Computer and Controller, that all the Goods contained in the Warrant have been sold, and the Duties brought to Account in the Kings Books, the Collector delivers up the Bond.

W. Suckling.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Geo. Drummondy Willm Roe.

N# 12.

The Examination of Mr. James Deacon; taken upon Oath, November 24th, and 29th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Receiver of the Grand Receipt under the Collector Inwards; he has been in this Office from October 1771; he holds it by Deputation from the Patentee. He receives the Duties either from a known Officer in the Long Room, or from the Merchant, in consequence of a Bill being produced to, and left with him, on which the Duties appear to be computed either by the Clerk of the Rates, or some known Officer: The Duties upon the Bill are computed according to the Rule in Use at the Custom House, but he enters them in his Cash Book in the Net Sums, under the different Heads. Sometimes the Merchant himself pays his Duties into the Treasury, and produces to the Receiver the Receipt of the Receiver General. The Treasury closes at Two o'Clock; before that Time the Receiver pays into it, generally, all the Duties he has received during the Day, retaining only such a Sum as he is informed, or has Reason to believe, will be soon demanded of him on Account of Debentures. The Receiver, to accommodate the Merchants, continues at his Office until Three, or later; the Duties he receives after Two he retains until the next Day. All his Daily Payments to the Receiver General are Payments on Account of the Duties, and consist of Cash, and Debentures paid in as Cash; these Payments are examined and agreed every Day, by a Clerk in each Office; at the End of the Week the Total Sum paid’ in during the Week is appropriated by the Receiver in Concert with the Receiver General, who frequently wanting a Sum under some particular Branch, for the Regulation of his own Accounts, desires the Receiver to appropriate, out of the Duties he has paid in, the Sum he wants to that particular Branch; the remaining Sum he^ divides among the remaining Branches; in the succeeding Week the Branch so overpaid has a less Sum appropriated to it, in consequence of the former Over-payment: This Weekly Appropriation is signed by the Receiver, examined, and agreed by a Clerk in the Receiver Generals Office, and left with him.

The Receiver every Week pays in, as near as he can, the Balance of the Duties remaining in his Hands, and draws out an Abstract comprehending all his Receipts, and his Payments to the Receiver General, during the Week; the Receipts contain the Daily Totals under each Branch, and each Branch is cast up to a Total, and One Total formed from the Brandies.

The only Payments in this Abstract are those to the Receiver General, except at the End of the Quarter, when the Abstract of the last Week contains also those Debentures either for Drawbacks or Bounties, which have not been paid in as Cash to the Receiver General, and have been paid by the Receiver during the Quarter, appropriated under their several Branches: Some Debentures are paid indiscriminately, either by the Collector Inwards, or the Receiver General, at the Option of the Merchant; some must be paid by the Receiver, because the Receiver General has no Branch open for the Appropriation; some must be paid by the Receiver General, because the Controller General, who passes the Account of the Receiver, has no Branch open: The Receiver signs this Weekly Abstract, and a Duplicate; the Abstract is sent to the Controller General, and the Duplicate to the Controller of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Issues: In this Abstract the Payments to the Receiver General are not accurately appropriated, but every Quarter the Receiver appropriates all the Sums he has paid upon the Debentures, which he sends as his Vouchers to the Controller General, with that Weekly Abstract. The Bonds given by the India Company for the rated Goods are deposited with the Receiver; the Bonds are not for the Duties, but for a certain Sum to secure the Duties: After the Duties are computed the Receiver enters in separate Accounts in his Cash Book these Bonded Duties, under their respective Branches; these Entries are compared with the similar Entries of the Checks; they are entered in the Weekly Abstract, in like Manner as the Duties received, but under the Head of Bonds charged: Sometimes, before the Six Months allowed for the Payment of a Moiety of the Duties are expired, the India Company pay in to the Receiver, Debentures on Account; the Receiver pays them to the Receiver General as Cash, and in his Account with him appropriates the Amount of these Debentures; when the Company have paid in the complete Moiety of the Duties, the Receiver is discharged to the Amount of those Duties in the Bonded Account, and charged with the actual Duties he receives in his Cash Account. The Number of Branches of Duties in his Department are Fifty-three.

The Duties upon India Wrought Silks are received by the Receiver, under the Head of £. 5 per Cent, on prohibited Goods, which is a Part of Customs; but the Drawbacks are paid under the Head of India Wrought Silk, 1776. The Controller General has that Head, but the Receiver General has not.

The Controller General has no Account open with the Receiver on Account of the Drawback of the Coinage Duty, and therefore he delivers the Debenture he pays for that Drawback to the Receiver General. The Acts of Parliament relative to the Customs, and the Branches, are become so numerous and so intricate, that the Business is transacted with the utmost Difficulty to the Merchant, and to the great Hazard of the Officer,

Ja. Deacon.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond\

Will* Roe.

N* 13,

25 Geo. III. 210 Martii. 685

N° 13.

The Examination of Mr. Henry Gyles; taken upon Oath, the 30th November 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he has been informed, and believes, that Mr. Lancelot Reed, late Receiver of the Plantation Duties, died on Saturday last: He saith, That he hath been appointed by the Deputy Collector to execute the Office of Receiver of the Plantation Duties in the Absence of the Receiver. These Duties are received from the Merchants in consequence of the Warrants and Bills, in like Manner as the Duties on the Grand Receipt, and are entered in the same Manner in the Cash Book, under their proper Branches. Every Day, before the Treasury closed, he paid to the Receiver General nearly the Amount of the Duties he had collected during the Day, except such Sums as he had paid on Debentures, and retaining such Sums as he expected would soon be demanded of him for the Payment of Debentures — these Daily Payments to the Receiver General were on Account: At the End of the Week he delivered to the Receiver General all the Debentures he had paid during the Week, with a List of them, and appropriated all the Money he had paid to the Receiver General during the Week, and the Money he had paid upon Debentures, under their proper Branches, and put the Initials of his Name to this Appropriation.

The Receiver General gave him a List of the Branches, with the Sums he wished should be paid in upon those Branches — he appropriated those Sums accordingly: The Sum received under any particular Branch very seldom (if ever) agreed with the Sum paid under that Branch. At the End of the Year the Branches are brought as near as can be to a Balance, but for these last Four Years they have not been balanced; such has been the Increase in the Number of the Branches, that the Clerks have not been able to keep up in their Computations, and Entries in their Cash Books. The Receiver of the Plantation Duties receives Tobacco Bonds; these Bonds are given for the Duties, after they have been computed upon the Warrants; the Receiver charges himself with these Duties under their several Branches in his Account of Bonds charged; every Month he delivers all the Bonds, with a List, to the Receiver General, and his Account of Bonds is discharged; the discharging the Bonds is a Transaction with the Receiver General: His only Payments are to the Receiver General, and Debentures.

Henry Gyles.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beach croft,

Geo. Drumnumd,

Willm Roe.

N° 14.

The Examination of Mr. William Mucklow; taken upon Oath, October 19th and 22d, 1/84.

This Examinant saith, That he is Receiver of the Duties on W ine and Vinegar, under a Deputation from Sir Banks Jenkinmi, Baronet, who is the Collector of the Duties Inwards.

After the Entry of the Ship, a Warrant and One Bill is usually brought to the Collector Inwards, by some Officer in the Long Room, employed by the Metqhant, containing1 the Name of the Ship and of the Master, ,the /Port of Lading, ;the Description of the Wme, md the Duties payable under their several

NQJU 40.

Branches cast up to a Total, and signed by the Butler; Thirteenth this Signature implies that he has received his Prisage; Report until which the Collector is forbid by Act of Parlia- on Public ment to receive the Duties. The Collector, relying Accounts' upon the Computation of the Officer, receives the Duties, signs the Warrant, and keeps the Bill; the Warrant is carried to the Examiner. The Collector, after the Tuesday s Examination, enters in the Cash Book, from the Bill retained by him, the Duties he receives, under the Heads of their several Branches. —

Every Tuesday, or soon after, the Entries of the Duties upon every Bill of the Week preceding are examined with the Entries upon the similar Bills of the Computer, the Examiner, the Controller, the Surveyor, and Surveyor General.

Every Saturday, or soon after, the Weekly Receipts under each Branch are cast up to Totals, and reduced to One Total; and the Payments which are made during the Week to the Receiver General (which are the only Payments made by the Collector of the Wine Duties, except Debentures, which are delivered as Cash to the Receiver General, and Imprest Orders, which are allowed as Payments by the Controller General) are also cast up to a Total, and the Entries of every Article under each Brandi, and the Totals, are compared with the like Entries of the Five Officers above mentioned.

An Account and Duplicate is made out of the Weekly Totals of each Branch, and compared with the similar Accounts of the Computer, the Examiner, the Controller, and either the Surveyor or Surveyor General: The Account is signed by the Computer, with the Initials of his Name, and by the Collector himself, and by the rest, with their Names, and transmitted to the Controller General; the Duplicate is signed by the Collector and Controller, and transmitted to the Controller of the Receiver General’s Issues and Payments.

The Office of Collector Inwards has, ever since he has been in the Office, which is upwards of Forty Years, been executed by Deputy: the Principal has never, to his Knowledge, executed any Part of the Business, except signing a Warrant upon his being sworn into the Office. '

W. Muckloxv.

T. Anguish,

Rich4 Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will Roe.

N° 15.

The Examination of Mr. William Sims; taken upon Oath, the 27th October, 8th, 10th, and 16th November, 20th and 24th December, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Clerk of the Rates, called also Computer of the Duties, under the Collector Inwards, in the Port of London; he has been Six Years in this Office, and holds it under an Appointment by Sir Banks Jenkinson, Patent Collector Inwards. The Business of the Collector Inwards is executed by his Deputies, and their Assistants; he executes ho Part of it himself. The Clerk of the Rates is an Assistant to the Collector; it is his Business to compute the Duties for the 1 Collector upon all Goods imported into the Port of London; to compute the Drawbacks 'upon all Foreign. Goods exported; to keep an Account of both; and to prevent, as far as he is able, Entries contrary to Law.

The usual Course of transacting the Business of this Office is in the following Manner: — The Merchant or his Agent produces the Warrant and Six Bills to the Clerk of the Rates. The Warrant, and Two of

8 M the

686 ai° Martii. A. 1785.

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

the Bills, are sometimes with, and sometimes without, the Duties; Four of the Bills are always without them: But they all contain those Circumstances relative to the Ship and Goods, by which the Duties are to be computed. Where the Bills contain the Duties, the Clerk of the Rates puts his Initials upon One or both of the Bills, as his Testimony of the Accuracy of the Computation; if they do not vcontain the Duties, he computes them upon One of the Bills, and enters upon the Bill designed for the Receiver as many Sums as there are Branches, computed in the Manner made use of in the Custom House, and cast to a Total, but omitting the Titles of the Branches. The Warrant and Bills are carried to the Receiver of the Duties, who retains the Bill on which the Duties are entered, and delivers the Warrant, with the other Bills, to the Clerk of the Warrants. The Clerk of the Rates takes from that Office the Bill on which the Duties are cast, and from thence enters them in Net Sums in his Cash Book, under their several Branches. Where there are several Articles in One Bill subject to the same Branches of Duties, though the Computations are different, the Sums payable on each Branch are blended together into One Sum. The same Course is not always pursued, the Hurry and Multiplicity of Business preventing it — Every Day, after the- Receiver has finished his Business, the Warrants, completely signed, are brought by the Clerk of the Warrants to the Clerk of the Rates, and Two of the following Officers, the Controller, the Surveyor, the Surveyor General, and Examiner, attend with their Bills, generally by Weekly Turns: The Clerk of the Warrants reads each Article of the Goods in the Warrants, whilst the other Officers attend to the same Entries in their Bills. If the Bill differs from the Warrant in the Description of the Goods, the Clerk of the Rates detains the Warrant until the Mistake is rectified: The Warrant is always checked by the Bills, before it is delivered to the Land Waiter. Every Entry of the Duties, in every Branch, in the Cash Books of the Clerk of the Rates, Receiver, Controller, Surveyor, Surveyor General, and Examiner, is compared by those Officers, as soon after the Entry of the Goods is made as Business will permit; and every Week the Receiver sends to the Clerk of the Rates an Account of the Totals of the Duties, under each Branch, received by him during the Week; the Clerk of the Rates compares this Account with the correspondent Entries of the Totals in his Cash Book, and if they agree, he signs the Receivers Account with his Name, and returns it to the Receiver.

These Entries in the Books of the Controller, Surveyor, Surveyor General, and Examiner, are Checks upon the Computer, and Charges upon the Receiver.

The Number of Entries Inwards in One Day, in the Customs, is frequently very great; they have sometimes amounted to about Four hundred: For these last Four Months of July, August, September, and October, they have amounted to Fifteen thousand Three hundred and Forty-two, which-, upon an Average of the Working Days, is about One hundred and Seventy-four each Day.

All the Custom Duties may be considered under Three Denominations, Tonnage, Poundage, and specific Duties on specific Articles. — Goods for Home Consumption, if not imported Duty-free, are liable to Three Duties at least, some to many more. The Duties upon unrated French ordinary painted Paper contain Fourteen Branches: The first Eight are a Poundage upon the Value before the Duties are paid, the next Tw o are a Poundage upon the Value including the Duties, the Eleventh is a Poundage upon the Measure, the Twelfth is a Poundage upon the Quantity, and the Two Imposts upon the Aggregate of the Duties: To obtain the Amount of these Duties requires Five Rules of Computation.

In computing a Drawback, the Merchant, or his Agent, brings to the Clerk of the Rates a Debenture and Certificate; the Debenture contains, amongst other Things, an exact Description of all the Goods entered by the Merchant for Exportation, and entitled to a Drawback, with the Dates when they were severally imported, and the Date when entered for Exportation, and to what Place. — It contains likewise all the Goods above enumerated which have been actually exported, certified by the Searchers, sworn to by the Exporter, and authenticated by the proper Officers. The Certificate is the actual Entry of the Merchant for Exportation, sworn to by him, and authenticated by the proper Officers.

The Clerk of the Rates computes the Drawbacks, and enters upon the Back of the Debenture, in Figures, the Sums under their different Branches, without the Titles: These Two Instruments are then carried to the Controller, for him to check the Drawbacks, and from him to the Collector Outwards, who detains the Certificate, signs the Debenture, and delivers it back to the Merchant, who carries it to the Examiner — he re-computes the Drawbacks, and enters the Branches, and the Sums, both in Words and Figures, on the Back of the Debenture, casts them to a Total, and signs it with his Name; it is then brought again to the Clerk of the Rates, who enters in a Debenture Book the Goods actually exported, and the Drawbacks under the several Branches, signs the Debenture, and delivers it back to the Merchant.

A Debenture frequently contains various Goods, imported by different Merchants at different Times; and Regulations of the Drawbacks by the Legislature relative to the same Article, may have intervened between the Periods of the Imports of that Article included in the Debenture. The Difference in the Articles, and the Difference of the Times of the Importation of the same Article, and of the Places to which they are to be exported, occasion a Difference in the Computation of the Drawbacks, and much Trouble to the Office. — The only Bonds given for Duties Inwards are on Tobacco and Goods imported by the East India Company.

Where the Duties upon the Import of Tobacco have not been paid, but a Bond has been given for them to the Collector, and a Merchant exports it, he delivers his Debenture for the Drawback to the Receiver General, in Discharge of the Bond given by the Importer, for so much as is included in the Debenture; if the Duties have been paid, he receives them back from the Receiver General, or from the Receiver of the Duties, upon producing his Debenture.

Where India Goods are exported, a Bond having been given for the Payment of the Duties, and not discharged, the Exporter carries the Debenture to the India Company, who allow him the Drawback, and deliver the Debenture to the Collector Inwards, in Diminution of the Duties secured by their Bond; this different Application of the Debenture renders it necessary to divide it into different Parts, where the same Debenture includes other Goods besides India Goods or Tobacco.

All Goods are either rated or unrated, or charged with a specific Duty; the rated Goods are those enumerated in the Book of Rates, the unrated are those upon which a Value is set upon the Importation; this Value is ascertained in some Cases by the actual Sale, in others, by the Oath of the Importer; and, as a Check upon that Oath, the Examining Officers (that is, the Land Waiters and Land Surveyors) are at Liberty to take the Goods from the Importer at the Value sworn to, he being paid back the Duties, and being allowed £.10 per Cent, upon the Value sworn to; These Goods must be sold publicly, and if sold for more than the Value sworn to, and the Duties, the Overplus is divided between the Crown and the

Officers;

25 Geo. III. 2i° Ma 687

Officers; if sold for less, the Crown sustains the Loss.

Upon the Sale of unrated Goods by the India Company, the Purchaser buys them free of Duties, and the India Company pays the Duties, consequently the Value they are sold at includes the Duties; in order therefore to compute the Duties to be paid by the Company, the Price they are sold for is reduced to a Sum called The Reduced Value, which being added to the Amount of the Duties computed upon that Sum, and to an Allowance for Charges, form together the Sum they are sold for.

This Examinant further saith, That he also examines the Duties on Coals, as a Check upon the Collector. — Every Quarter the Coast Collector sends to the Examiner a Quarterly List of the Coal Ships; from the Coal Meter he receives from Time to Time a Duplicate of the Certificate; and every Quarter from the Collector his Quarter Book: By a Comparison of the several Instruments, he checks the Quantities of Coals brought into the Port of London, and the Computation of the Duties received by the Collector, during the Quarter; he sees also, that every Coal Ship is accounted for by the Meter, and every Bond by the Collector; after this Comparison and Computation, the Examiner signs the Quarter Book of the Collector, and delivers it to the Controller General.

W. Sims.

T. Anguish,

Richd Newoe,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

the Office of Deputy Prisage Master to the Duke of Thirteenth Grafton, who is Grantee from the Crown of Two Duties, fnPpublic Prisage and Butlerage. — Prisage was anciently a Right Accounts, in the Crown, to take One Ton where Ten Tons were imported, and Two Tons where Twenty or upwards were imported, by Natives not exempted; but this Duty has been compounded for Time immemorial, by the Payment of Two Shillings per Ton for all Wines imported.

The Prisage Tons are exempted by the Legislature from 'three Branches of the Duties, the Old Subsidy, the Additional Duty, and Coinage, but the Merchant has, Time immemorial, paid to the Patentee those Duties upon the Prisage Tons; he also pays him the Two additional Duties of the Years 1779 and 1782, upon those Three Branches: They are computed at the Time of the Entry, and paid to the Deputy of the Patentee. Aliens were not subject to Prisage; but in lieu of it, they paid to the Crown Two Shillings per Ton on all the Wines they imported, which Duty is called Butlerage: The Gross Amount of these Two Duties collected in the Port of London, in the Year 1781, was One thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen Pounds and an Halfpenny.

Hutchinson H. Browne.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Samf Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willn Roe.

N# 16.

The Examination of Mr. Hutchinson Hothersall Browne; taken upon Oath, October 20th, 26th, and 27th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Computer of the Duties on Wine, under the Collector Inwards; this Office is a Branch of the Office of Clerk of the Rates, whose Duty it is to see that all the Duties Inwards, and all Drawbacks, are rightly computed. The Computer of the Duties on Wine does not compute the Drawbacks on Wine.

The Merchant, or his Agent, produces to the Computer a Bill, containing all the Circumstances on which the Computation is grounded: He computes the Duties, enters each Duty separately upon the Bill, omitting the Titles of the Branches, and casts the Duties up to a Total. After an Examination of every Branch in the Bill, with the similar Bills of the Examiner, the Controller, the Surveyor, and Surveyor General, each Article is entered under its proper Branch in the Cash Book, and a Daily Total formed of each Branch — Every Week these Totals are examined by the same Officers, and a Weekly Total formed of each Branch, and One Total of the Whole. The Collector sends every Week to the Computer his Weekly Account; the Computer examines the Totals of the Weekly Receipts with his Cash Book, signs it with his Initials, and returns it to the Collector.

Wines are distinguished under Four Heads, French, Portugal, Spanish, and Rhenish.

There are at present Fifteen separate Duties paid upon the Importation of French Wines, and Thirteen upon all the rest; and consequently the Total Sum of Duties paid for every Ton of French Wine consists of Fifteen different Sums, and is entered under Fifteen different Heads; they are all Duties of Tonnage, except the Two Imposts of the Years 1779 an^ 1782.

This Examinant further saith, That he also executes Vol. 40.

N° 17.

The Examination of Mr. Hutchinson Hothersall Browne; taken upon Oath, 24th December

1784.

This Examinant saith, That the Duties payable to the Prisage Master are omitted both upon the Warrant and all the Bills; they contain those Duties only which are payable to the Crown. The Payment of the Two Imposts of the Years 1779 and 1782, upon the Prisage Tons to the Prisage Master, is grounded on the Words of the Acts which impose 5 per Cent. upon the Duties then payable to the Crown; consequently, the Prisage Master claims an Exemption from these Imposts, upon those Branches from which he is exempt, and this Exemption increases the Value of his Prisage Tons to the Amount of those Imposts. The Composition for the Prisage in the Port of London is Two Shillings per Ton, and in all the Out Ports Five Shillings per Pipe. The Butlerage is Two Shillings a Ton in all the Ports. The Merchant pays to the Prisage Master the same Branches of Duties in all the Ports.

Hutchinson H. Broume.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rick1 Neave,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N* 18.

The Examination of Mr. William Saxby; taken upon Oath, November 26th 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Copying Clerk of the Entries Inwards, usually called Clerk of the Warrants; he has been in this Office above Thirty-three Years, and holds it by Warrant from the Treasury.

He

Thirteenth Report on Public Acc&unts.

68$ 110> Martik 1785.

He' takes fVbni the Receivers of the Grand Receipt the Controller compotes the Dutfes upon the Fill; and and Plantation Duties, the Warrants and Five Bills; compares his Computation with that of the Clerk of from the Recdhter of th£ Wine Duties, the Waitaiits the Rates; when'agreed, the Bond is filled up by the and Four Bills, he procures to the Warrants the Sig- Receiver of the Plantation Duties, with a Penalty natures either of the Controller, StiiVcyor, ot Surveyor double the Amount of the Duties, and the several

General, and of the Examiner; he puts upon' the Bills Branches entered in the Margin of the Bond, the

the same Number as he finds entered upon the Com- Controller witnesses the Execution, and enters the puter’s Bill, and puts the Bills into Boxes designed for Branches in a Bbok kept for that Purpose: The the several Checks, and each Check takes his Bill from Bonds are kept in the Custody of the Receiver and his own Box. At the End of the Day, as soon as the Controller, and Once a Month delivered, with a Schedule Warrants can be collected together, the Clerk of the of them, to the Receiver General.

Warrants, the Computer, and Two of the other Checks, The Controller and the Computer of the duties oil examine the Description of the Goods upon the unrated India Goods attend the Sales of the East India

Warrant with the Description on their Bills. After Company, gnd take an Account of the Goods sold,

this Examination the Clerk of the Warrants enters the and the Price; this Account is agreed with the Com* Warrant in his Warrant Book, and the Land Waiter pany, then the Controller and Computer cast the takes it away.

JVm Saxby.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich? Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

TVillm Roe.

N* 19.

The Examination of Mr. TVilliant Richardson; taken upon Oath, the 3d of December 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy* Controller Inwards, by Deputation from the Duke of Newcastle, the Controller in the Port of London; he has been in this Office about Fifteen Years. Upon every Entry Inwards, a Bill, describing the material Circumstances of the Goods entered, is brought to the Controller; at the End of the Day this Bill is compared with the Warrant, by the Controller and the other Checks; the Controller frequently signs the Warrant, he casts the Duties upon the Bill under their several Branches, and enters them in like Manner in his Cash Book; these Entries are compared, as soon as convenient, with the like Entries in the Cash Books of is the Duties Inwards, of the other the Duties Out> the other Checks; each Head is cast to a Daily To- wards; he has been in this Office about Twenty-two tal, and every Week the Daily Totals of each Branch Years, and First Clerk about Twelve Years: There are formed into One Total, and the several Branches are Three Clerks in this Office, who rise in Succession, brought into One Total, which is the Amount of the Every Day the Surveyor takes from his Box, in the Duties received during the Week by each of the Three Office of the Clerk of the Warrants, the Bills designed Receivers; distinct Accounts are kept by the Con- for him; the Bills are classed according to the Receipt troller, of the Receipts of each of them. Every Week of the Duties, into Three Divisions — the Grand Re-each of the Receivers sends to the Controller an Account ceipt — the Plantation Receipts — and the Wine Receipt, of his Receipts and Payments during the Week, with and filed. The Surveyor attends in his Turn at the a Duplicate; he compares this Account of the Receipts Office of the Computer with these Bills, and compares with his own Account, and signs both the Account them with the Warrant; when he does not attend at and Duplicate as to the Truth of the Charge, after the Computer’s Office, he examines his Bills the next which they are taken to the other Checks, and the Day, with the Bills of One of those 'Officers who did Account sent to the Controller General, and the Du- attend; afterwards the Surveyor computes the Duties plicate to the Controller of the Receiver General’s upon the Bill, under their several Branches, and enters Receipts and Issues. the Net Sums in his Cash Book, under their proper

A Debenture for a Drawback is brought from the Branches; these Entries are compared with the like Office of the Clerk of the Rates to the Controller, he Entries in the Cash Books of the proper Receiver, and computes the Drawbacks, from the Circumstances of the other Checks; each Column is then cast to & stated in the Debenture, upon a separate Paper; the Daily Total, and these Totals compared with the To-Debenture is then carried to the other Checks. After tals formed by the Receiver, and Checks; these Daily the Drawbacks have been entered upon it in Words at Totals are drawn out, and formed into Weekly Totals, Length; and signed by the Examiner, it is again brought and those Weekly Totals into one Grand Total, which back to the Controller, with the Signatures upon it is the Amount of the Duties charged tupon each of the Collectors Inwards and Outwards, and the Receiver, as collected by him during the Week; these Computer. The Controller enters it in his Deben- Totals are all compared with the Totals formed by the ture Book, under the several Branches of the Duties; other Checks.

he writes upon it his Name, with the Date, and the Every Week these Cash Books are carded to the Entry, and from him it is carried to the Register of JQeputy Surveyor, who compares the Weekly Total Debentures. of each Branch with the like Totals 'in the Account

Where a Bond is given for the Duties on Tobacco, of the Receiver,-and finding them *to agree, he signs

4 the Duties, and the Receiver enters them upon the Warrant.

The Computation is become so difficult, from the Number of the Branches of Duties, and the various Rules now necessarily made use of in casting them, that very few Persons can be found capable of transacting this Business, or of acquiring the Means of doing it.

W. Richardson.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich!1 Neave,

Geo. Di'ummond,

Will" Roe.

N° 20.

The Examination of Mr. James Stephenson; taken upon Oath, December 7th 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is First Clerk in the Inward Department of the Surveyor of the Customs; he holds his Office by Appointment of Lord Stawtll, who is Surveyor of the Customs by Patent There are Two Branches in this Office, the Business of the one

1

25 Geo. III. 21° Ma 689

the Account of the Receiver, as to the Truth of his Receipt.

Janes Stephenson.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neavc,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Dmimmond,

IViUr Roe.

N* 21.

The Examination of Mr. Peregrine Sims; taken upon Oath, 15th December 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Surveyor General Inwards; he holds his Office by Deputation from Lord Pelham, and is immediately under the Deputy Surveyor General, who is the Bench Officer, and is Deputy Surveyor General both Inwards and Outwards. He is a Check upon the Collection and Computation of the Duties Inwards, received by the Receivers of the Grand Receipt, and of the Plantation Receipt. The Surveyor General takes the Bill from his Box in the Office of the Clerk of the Warrants, he compares the Description of the Goods in his Bill with the like Description upon the Warrant, or upon some Bill that has been checked with the Warrant; he casts the Duties upon the Bill, under their several Branches, and the Gross Figures are compared with the Bill of some One of the other Checks: After this Comparison the Duties are en-

tered in the Cash Book under their several Branches, and these Entries are examined, and compared with the like Entries in the Cash Books of the Receiver, and of the other Checks; each Column is cast up to a Daily Total, Weekly Totals are formed from the Daily Totals, and One Total from the Weekly Totals; these Totals are all compared, in the like Manner, with the Receiver and the Checks: The Weekly Account of the Receiver is compared with the Abstract in the Cash Book of the Surveyor General, who signs the Debtor Side of that Account.

Pa\ Sims.

T* Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich1 Neave.

Samf Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N* 22.

The Examination of Mr. Richard Frewin; taken upon Oath, August 18th, 24th, and 30th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Examiner of the Duties Inwards in the Port of London; he has been in the Examiner’s Office Twenty-two Years, and Principal about One Year and a Half. The chief Business of this Office is to see that all the Duties collected Inwards in the Port of London, except on Wine, are properly computed, and properly charged in the King’s Books, and that the Drawbacks are properly computed.

Upon the Arrival of a Ship in the River, the First Step taken by the Customs, is to put on board that Ship at Gravesend some Tide Waiters, to secure the Cargo from being smuggled; after which the Captain makes a Report on Oath, before the Collector Inwards, and his Controller, or the Surveyor or JSurveyor General, of the Cargo of the Ship; this Report includes all the material Circumstances relative to the Ship and Carso required by various Acts

Vol. 40.

of Parliament, and remains with the Collector. Upon Thirteenth this Report being made, it is clear that the Crown Rftp®rL has a Right to the Duties; that Right may, and has, upon particular Circumstances, been considered as accruing to the Crown before the Report The next Step is the Entry made by the Merchant; he generally brings to some Officer in the Long Room his Bill of Lading, or Description of his Goods; from hence a Warrant is made out, and signed by the Merchant, or his Agent, containing those Circumstances which are the Foundation of the Duties; from hence the Officer computes the Duties, enters upon the Warrant the particular Sums payable on each Branch of Duty, with the Total, and either receives it of the Merchant, or the Merchant pays it himself to the Collector; the Officer then makes Six Bills, which are Extracts from this Warrant; he carries and delivers to the proper Collector the Warrant and the Six Bills, and pays him the Duty, unless paid by the Merchant; the Collector signs the Warrant, which Signature is an Official Acknowledgment that he has received those Duties; he also puts a Date and a Number upon the Warrant, and the same Number upon the Bills; the Collector retains One Bill, and delivers the Warrant, and the other Five, to the Clerk of the Warrants, whose Business it is to procure to the Warrant the Signature either of the Controller, Surveyor, or Surveyor General, and of the Examiner; after he has procured these Signatures, he delivers One of the Bills, with the Duties entered upon it, to the Computer; the other Four to the Controller, the Surveyor, the Surveyor General, and the Examiner.

Every Day the Clerk of the Warrants, and the Computer, with Two of the other Officers, compare the Warrant with their Bills, after which the Clerk of the Warrants delivers it to the proper Land Waiter (taking his Receipt) as his Authority for directing the Goods to be landed; after the Ship is cleared this Warrant is deposited by the Land Waiter with the Jerquer.

The Examiner having received One of the Rills, computes the Duties, and enters them in a Cash Book under their several Branches; these Entries are, as soon as is convenient, compared with the like Entries in the Books of the Controller, the Surveyor, and the Surveyor General, all of whom are Checks upon the Collector; the Receipt of each Day, under each Branch, is cast up to a Total, and every Week these Daily Totals are compared with the like Totals of the other Three Checks, and each Branch cast up to a Weekly Total, and compared in like Manner; an Abstract is drawn out, in a separate Leaf in the Cash Book, containing these Weekly Totals under each Branch; these Totals are cast up together, and form the Total Sum of Duties received within the Week.

The Collector produces a similar Abstract, which is compared with the Abstract formed by the Examiner, and signed by him.

Before Goods can be entered Outwards, the Master of the Ship must enter his Ship Outwards with the Collector Outwards; the Merchant is thqn at Liberty to enter Goods on board of such Ship. When a Merchant is about to ship Goods entitled to a Drawback, he generally brings down to some Clerk or Officer in the Long Room the Particulars of his Entry, as — the Name of the Ship and Master — for what Place bound — the Quantity of the Goods to be exported — the Date of the Importation — and the Name of the Importer. A Bill containing these Particulars is drawn out, and delivered to an Officer under the Collector Inwards, called the Clerk of the Certificates, who having previously entered in his Books the Particulars of every Entry Inwards, is therehy enabled to examine this Bill, which having done, he keeps the same, and enters it in a Book kept by hfm for 8 N that

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

690 219 Martn. A. 1785.

that Purpose. If it appears by his Books that the Merchant named as the Importer did pay Duties according to the Dates and Quantity expressed in the BiH, he writes off in the Margin of his Book the Quantity entered Outwards; he then grants a Certificate, signed by himself, of the Duties having been paid, describing the particular Branches of which they, are composed; this Certificate, with a Bill similar to that delivered to the Clerk of the Certificates, is given to the Controller, who keeps the Bill, and marking the Certificate with his Initials, returns the same to the Merchant. The Exporter, his known Clerk or Broker, makes Oath on the Certificate, before One of the principal Officers of the Customs, that the Goods therein mentioned are to be exported to the Place for which they are destined, naming the same, either on Commission, or on Account of the Exporter, as the Case may be. Certain Persons are deputed by the Collector Outwards, for the Purpose of writing Cockets, and thence called Cocket Writers, and to One of those the Certificate, thus sworn to, and Three other Bills, are carried; he makes out a Cocket, which is the Authority for shipping the Goods, and which contains the Substance of the Certificate; this Cocket, with the Certificate, and the Three Bills, is then delivered to the Collector Outwards, who marks the Cocket with his Initials, and retains One of the Bills; the Cocket, Certificate, and the Two remaining Bills, are then carried successively to the Controller and Surveyor General, who respectively mark the Cocket with their Initials, and the Register of Certificates does the same, retaining One of the Bills: The remaining Bill is left with the Copying Clerk Outwards, who marks the Cocket with his Initials, the Cocket is also marked by the Deputy Usher of the Long Room, with whom the Certificate is deposited; it is then sealed by the Controller, signed by the Collector Outwards, and also by the Controller, Surveyor, or Surveyor General, and delivered to the Merchant

The Merchant having thus made his Entry Outwards, and obtained his Cocket for shipping, endorses on the Back of the Cocket the Marks, Numbers, and Contents of each Package, with the Total Quantity shipped. A Bill is also made out by the Merchant, and endorsed in the same Manner as the Cocket, which Cocket and Bill are delivered to the Searchers, who examine the Goods, and if they find them correspond with the Endorsement, the Goods are permitted to be shipped, under the Care of an Officer: The Bill remains with the Searcher; but when the Ship comes to be cleared the Cocket is delivered to the Captain, and goes with the Ship.

The Certificate left with the Deputy Usher is the Foundation of the Debenture, it is by him delivered to the Collector Outwards, who therefrom makes out the Debenture, and delivers it either to the Merchant or his Agent (who is generally some Clerk in the Long Room) by whom the Debenture is carried to the Searchers, who examine it with the endorsed Bill left with them at the Time of shipping, and certify on the Debenture* under their Hands, the Quantity shipped, on which only the Drawback is afterwards computed: It is then returned to the Merchants

Agent, and Oath is made by the Exporter himself, before One or more of the principal Officers of the Customs, that the Goods are really exported, according to the Circumstances of the Entry; Oath is also made on the Back of the Certificate, "by the Importer of the Goods, that the Duties on Importation were paid for the Goods, according to the Dates therein mentioned, and also to whom they were sold or delivered; and if there are any intermediate Purchasers between the Importer and Exporter, thrir Oaths are also required, in order to identify the Goods. The Certificate is then signed by the Controller, and

delivered to an Officer under the Collector Outward*, in order to see that all the proper Oaths are made to it; he marks the Debenture with his Initials, and it is then, with the Certificate, delivered to the Register of Certificates, who examines the same with the Bill formerly left with him and entered in his Books, in which he now notes the Quantity shipped; the Debenture is then signed by the Register, and delivered with the Certificate to the Clerk of the Certificates, who writes it off in the Margin of the Book in which he had before entered the Bill, and signs the Debenture to which the Certificate is annexed: The Drawback is then computed upon the Quantity shipped; the Computation is made by an Officer under the Collector Inwards, called the Clerk of the Rates, who puts the same in Figures on the Back of the Debenture; the Debenture is delivered to the Controller, who checks the Computation, and if he finds it correct, marks it with his Initials; the Debenture and Certificate are then delivered to the Collector Outwards, who keeps the Certificate, and signs the Debenture, which is brought to the Examiner, who computes the Drawback, and if it is found right, inserts it in Figures on the Rack of the Debenture, and also describes the Title of each Branch, with the Amount in Words at Length, makes a Total of all the Branches, and signs the Debenture: The Clerk of the Rates then enters the Particulars of the Debenture in a Book, and signs it; the Controller does the same, and the Debenture is taken to the Register of Certificates, who enters the Total Amount in a Column left for the same in his Books, and makes out on the Debenture an Order for Payment of the Amount of the Drawback, according to the Total, as certified to him by the computing Officer?, and presents the same to the Commissioners for their Signature, which, when it is signed by Four of the Commissioners, is delivered to the Exporter, or his Agent, who sign a Receipt for the same. This Order for Payment is directed to the Receiver General of the Customs, or the Collector Inwards; from either of whom the Merohant, having signed a Receipt on the Debenture, may receive the Amount of the Drawback, leaving the Debenture with the Person from whom he receives the Money, whose Voucher it becomes.

R, freevin.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Will Roe.

N° 23.

The Examination of Mr. Richard Frewin; taken upon Oath, 12th and 23d October, 22d and 23d December, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That the Oath made by the Captain of a Ship in his Report, is always made before the Collector, and some One of the other principal Officers; and the Report is retained by the Collector; the Warrant is made out from the Bill of Lading by the Merchant, or the Person belonging to the Long Room employed by him; the Entry of the Duties upon the Warrant contains the particular Sums payable on each Branch, but not the Titles of the Branches: The Two Bills, the one for the Collector, the other for the Computer, contain the same Duties, but described in Sums of Twenty Times the Amount of the Sums upon the Warrant, a Mode of Computation made use of in the Port of London only, in order to avoid the Errors that might arise in computing the fractional Parts of the several Branches; the other Four Bills are without the Duties. The Date added to the Warrant by the Collector 4 is

Googh

Gbq. III. a?° M 6qi

is the Pay he receives the Duty, and the Number is according to the Order in which the Warrant i$ produced to him. — After the Warrant is signed by One of the principal Officers, and the Examiner, it is complete, and when delivered to the Land Waiter the Entry is completed. The Examiner enters upon the Bill the Sums payable on each Branch, confuted as above-mentioned, but the Entries in the CJash Bopk are the real Net Sums.

The Rules for computing the Duties are grounded upon the Acts that impose the Duties; they are various and numerous: There are very few Species of Gqods subject to Duties., but w hat require more Rules of Computation than One to ascertain the Duties; there are some particular Articles, on which it is necessary to refer to Five different Principles of Computation to obtain thp Amount. The Duties ppou Cordial Waters imported in Glass Bottles from Franc? consist of a Poundage Duty arising from the Bute, a Tonnage Duty arising from the Quantity, a Duty grounded upon the Size of the Bottles, a Duty comr pounded of former Duties consolidated, and Two separate Five per Cents, on all the other existing Duties. The Number of subsisting Branches of the Customs is Sixty-eight. — The Duties paid upon a single Species of Goods are frequently ranged under fifteen different Heads; and where an Entry contains Variety of Articles, the Duties to he paid frequently consist of Twenty Branches.

The Computation is become so intricate and extensive, that there are very few Persons who understand it perfectly, nor is it easy to procure Assistance: It is so little understood at some of the Out Ports, that the Officers are frequently obliged to apply to the Board fqr Information, and the References to the Officers in London occasion much additional Trouble to them.

Thp Duties are so complicated, that it is hardly possible fqr a general Merchant to know what Duties he may be liable to pay; he mnst often rely entirely upon the Officers of the Customs, and, according to the present System, it is hardly possible to frame a Table of Duties and Drawbacks clearly adapted to every Circumstance of legal Importation, so as to convey to him that Knowledge, without much Difficulty. The Foreign Merchant may be frequently

deterred from importing Goods, from his Imiorance of the Duties, and of the Legality of the Importation.

The First Head in the List of Duties is Customs, which comprehends Three several Duties; First, the old Subsidy — Secondly, the Petty Customs — Thirdly, the Additional Duty (the One per Cent. Duty, formerly a Part of the Customs, being repealed in the last Sessions;) these Three Duties are entered separately upon the Warrant, and in separate Columns in the Cash Bopk, but being all appropriated to the same Purpose, they are blended together in the Weekly Abstract, under the Head of Customs. The Head likewise of Sjlk and Lead, N# 66, contains Two Divisions, Silk imported, and Lead exported. These separate Duties are collected by different Officers, and paid by them separately to the Receiver General: The rest of the Heads in the List are single, and without Divisions.

The Computation of the Drawbacks is greatly more difficult than that of the Duties, from the Variety of Articles comprehended in One Entry, sometimes Twenty-five in Number, and from the different Rules by which the Drawbacks of the Duties which have been paid on the same Article are to be computed; and from the Drawbacks being in some Cases the Whole of the Duties paid, in others Portions only of those Duties, and different Portions on different Articles. Qf the East India unrated Goofls, the

Vol. 40.

Duties upon soft# ar? pquapuljed ypon the Gross Price qt the $*le, qgpn offices %y are computed q Pact upon the Gros§ Rripi^ and a Part ynon thy Re-ducecj Price. T9 obtain Redu^q Price Two Deductions are made; First, Six per Cent. Allo>vanpe to the Company for Charges — Secondly, the Amount of the Duties to which those Goods were subject qt the Thao of the ?d and 3d of which Ac£ estab-

lishes this Mode of Computation; the Duties Iqid upon those Goods, subsequent to that Act, ane computed upon the Gross Vqlue arising from the Sale, with-qyt any Deduction, except that the T>9 imposts, 1779 apd 1782, are computed upon the Total of the existing Duties. The Article Off Candles imported by the East Mia Company is unrated, and, eftclusivp of the Duties arising from the Price at the Sale, is also subject to a specific Duty per Pound. Certificates of Over-eqtry, or Damage, entitle the Merchant to receive back Proportion of each Duty paid by him upon the Entry, and therefore require u Computation similar to the Computation of the Putins paid say him upon thp Entry.

R. Frm itu

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd. Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will* Roe.

N° 24.

The Examination of Mr. John Goldham\ taken upon Oath, 29th October, and 1st November,

1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Examiner of the Wine Duties in the Port of London; he has been in this Office about Twenty-four Years; he holds his Office under a Warrant from the Treasury. This Office is in the Department of the Collector Inwards; the Business is to compute all the Duties on Wine Inwards, and the Drawbacks on Wines exported. The Merchant, or his Agent, produces to the Examiner the Warrant and a Bill; the Bill contains — the Names of the Merchant — the Vessel — the Master — the Port of Lading — and, the Quantity, and Kind of Wine. The Warrant contains the Duties as computed by the Collector, and signed by him; the Examiner signs the Warrant under the Name of the Collector, and delivers i£ to thjB Clerk of the Warrants; the Examiner afterwards casts the Duties, and enters them upon the Bill under their several Branches, and makes a Total. Generally about Three or Four Dqys after lie has received the Bill, he examines and compares the Entries of the Duties upon it, with the like Entries upon the Bills of the Collector, Controller, Computer, Surveyor, and Surveyor General, and then enters them in his Cash Book under their several Branches, and forms Daily and Weekly Totals of each Branch. The Collector sends to the Examiner fiis Weekly Account, which the Examiner compares with his Cash Book, and if they agree, he signs the Account, and returns it to the Collector.

When a Drawback is to be paid, the Debenture, with the Certificate annexed, is brought from the Controller to the Examiner, to cast the Duties that are to be paid back. On the Back of the Debenture ary entered the separate Duties, as computed by the Computer, and signed with the Initials of the Controller; the Examinant re-casts the Duties, casts them up to q Total, adds his Initials, and returns it to the Person who brings it; it is then brought back, without the Certificate, to the Examiner, signed by an Officer under the Collector Outwards, with whom the Certificates

are

Thirteenth

Report

on

Acwunto*

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

692 210 Martii. A. 1785.

are deposited. The £xaminer then endorses upon the Debenture the separate Duties, both in Words and Figures, dates it, signs his Name to it, enters it in his Debenture Book, and returns it to the Person who brings it.

After a Portage Bill is made out by the Wine Jer-quer, it is brought to the Examiner, to 9ee that the Sum to be paid to the Master of the Ship is properly computed; the Examiner casts it, and signs his Name to the Bill.

The Examiner is paid a Salary of Eighty Pounds a Year, and certain Fees; the Salary is subject to the Land Tax, and the Civil List Duty, and he pays his Clerk out of it, which reduces it to less than Forty-eight Pounds a Year. — The Fees are One Shilling and Six Pence for each Debenture, paid by the Merchant (Six Pence of which he allows his Clerk) and One Shilling for each Portage Bill, paid by the Master of the Ship. — These Fees amount to about Fourteen Pounds a Year, which makes the Profits of his Office about Sixty-two Pounds a Year.

John Goldham.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond\

1Villm Roe

N* 25.

The Examination of Mr. William Bates; taken upon Oath, December 14th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Collector Outwards, by Deputation from the Duke of Manchester \ he is next to the Senior Deputy, who is a Bench Officer; he has been in this Office above Thirty-two Years.

After the Cocket is made out, the Deputy Collector compares it with the Warrant, and puts his Initials to it; it is then carried, with the Bills, to the other Checks, and after it is sealed, the Collector signs it with his Name. The Duties are generally entered

upon the Warrant and Cocket, by some Clerk in the Office, before the Cocket is carried to the Checks; they are always entered upon both, before the Receiver receives the Duty. The same Day, or the next Morning, the Checks attend the Collectors Clerk with their Bills, and compare the Entries of the Goods and Duties upon their Bills, with the like Entries upon the Warrant. After Goods are shipped, entitled to Drawbacks, the Deputy Collector makes out Debentures from the Certificates brought to him from the Usher; the Drawbacks are computed by the Collector Inwards — if for Bounties, by the Collector Outwards. The general Rule for computing Bounties, is a given Rale for a given Quantity; the Bounty is entered by the Collector 011 the Back of the Debenture in Figures and in Words. — Different Debentures for Boun- ties are made out for different Species of Goods: Where an Act of Parliament has given different Bounties upon different Kinds of the same Species of Goods, those Bounties may be included in the same Debenture. The Debenture is made out from the Entry, but the Bounty is computed from the Quantity certified by the Searchers to have been actually shipped. Where an Act of Parliament directs the Merchant to give a Bond upon the Exportation of Goods entitled to a Bounty, that Bond is taken by the Collector at the Time of the Entry: The Merchant is bound to the King, in a Penalty, not to re-land the Goods in any Place where he would not be entitled to the Bounty; this Bond is given up upon producing a proper Certificate of the landing the Goods. The Boun-

ties are entered in a Book, in a Column opposite to the Entry of the Goods.

JVm Bates.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Samf Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummondy WilI" Roe.

N° 26.

The Examination of Mr. James Dodson; taken upon Oath, October 13th and 15th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Receiver of the Customs Outwards in the Port of London} by Deputation from the Duke of Manchester, who is the Collector Outwards.

After a Ship is cleared of her Cargo Inwards, or when she goes out upon her first Voyage, the Master or Owner, or his Agent, enters her with the Collector Outwards, describing all those Circumstances relative to the Ship, directed by Acts of Parliament; this Entry is inserted by the Collector in a Book, for public Inspection. Where a Merchant intends to export ‘British Manufactures, he or his Agent brings to a Clerk in the Collectors Office a Warrant, describing the Goods he intends to put on board that Ship; this Warrant being reduced into the Form of Office, is signed by the Person who brings it, and remaius with the Collector; the Officer makes out, on Parchment, a Cocket, which is a Copy of the Warrant; to this Cocket the Collector puts the Initials of his Name; Four Copies are made of it, and it is carried with the Copies to the Controller, who adds his Iuitials to the Cocket, and keeps One of the Copies; it is then carried to the Surveyor, the Surveyor General, and Copying Clerk Outwards, each of whom adds his Initials, and keeps a Copy; the Cocket is then brought back to the Controller, who puts to it the Seal of Office, after which the Collector signs his Name to it, and either the Controller, the Surveyor, or the Surveyor General, adds his Name; it is then delivered to the Merchant, as his Warrant to the Searcher, to permit him to ship his Goods. — As soon as the Cocket is made out, the Collector computes the Duties, enters them upon the Cocket, under their proper Branches, and, upon receiving them, signs his Name under the Duties, as his Receipt. Three of the Copies, for the Controller, the Surveyor, and Surveyor General, are intended as Checks upon the Collector, as it is the Duty of each of these Officers to compute the Duties upon their Copies.

The Duties are entered in a Cash Book, under their respective Branches; the Daily Receipt and the Weekly Receipt of each Branch is cast up to a Total; and every Week these Totals are compared with the Three Checks, the Controller, the Surveyor, and the Surveyor General; after they have agreed, the Collector makes out an Account, and a Duplicate, containing the Totals of the Week’s Receipt, and the Payments to the Receiver General, being the only Payments made by the Collector Outwards; these Accounts are signed by the Collector, and either by the Controller, Surveyor, or Surveyor General; the Account is carried to and left with the Controller General, and the Duplicate with the Controller of the Receiver General’s Issues.

The Number of Branches of the Duties on Exports are Eleven. — Coals exported, otherwise than to Ireland and the British Plantations, pay Six Dudes — the Subsidy Outwards — the Duties of the Years 1714, 1757, and 1765, which are Duties of Poundage; and — the Imposts of the Years 1779 and 1782, which are £ 5

per

25 Geo. III. U'Marti

per Cent. each upon all the subsisting Duties prior, to 1779: The Duties upon Coals so exported are computed upon a Chaldron, according to the Measure at Newcastle; but the Duties upon Coals brought into the Port of London are computed upon a Chaldron, according to the Winchester Measure, that is, in the Proportion of Eleven to Twenty-one, and the Drawback is paid according to the Winchester Measure. These different Rules of Computation occasion much Trouble to the Office; it tenders it necessary to reduce to the Newcastle Measure the Coals, which are all received in the Port of London by the Winchester Measure, and accordingly the Quantities exported are entered according to both Measures upon the Cocket

James

A. Piggott,

RichJNeeme,

Will" Roe.

fcl* 27.

*The Examination of Mr. James taken

upon Oath, 25th November, 1784

This Examinant saith. That the Daily Receipt of the Duties Outwards is not very considerable; and therefore he pays them only Once a Week, upon the last Working Day of the Week, into the Treasury; the Average Weekly Collection amounts to between Two and Three hundred Pounds. The Duties are never entered from the Bills in the Cash Book until the Day after the Receipt of the Duties: He pays to the Receiver General an entire Sum, as near the Amount of his Balance as may be, and appropriates this Sum generally to One Branch only, that on which the greatest Sum has been received during the Week. The Duties received are all appropriated, and placed under their proper Branch^; but jt ii not the Practice to appropriate the Payments jt& the Receiver General in the same specific Sums as in the Receipts; it would create much Trouble to the Office: Sometimes the Receiver General desires a certain Sum to be appropriated to a certain Head, which occasions Underpayments upon the rest of the Branches; by this Practice the Appropriation of the Payments never corresponds with the Appropriation of the Receipts; this W'eekly Appropriation is signed by the Receiver, marked by the Cashier of the Receiver General, and left in the Receiver General’s Office. The Weekly Account delivered by the Receiver to the Controller General contains the same Appropriation of the Sum paid in to the Receiver General as is contained in that delivered to the Receiver General. The Receiver of the Duties Outwards neither receives Bonds, nor pays Debentures. At the End of every Quarter the Weekly Totals of the several Branches of the Receipts and Payments are cast up to Totals, and the Receipt of the last Week is appropriated amongst the Branches of the Payments of that Week, in such Proportions as that the Receipts and Payments on the several Branches shall Balance as near as possible. The Debtor Side of this Account is compared with the like Accounts of the Controller, Surveyor, and Surveyor General.

James Dodson.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

WiltmRoe.

Vol. 40.

N* 28.

*. Thirteenth Report

LL °n Public

the Examination of Mr. Hetiry Herd) t&eniipbh Accounts. Oath, December i 3th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Controller Outwards; he holds his Office by Deputation from the Duke of Newcastle; he is immediately under the Deputy Controller, who is the Bench Officer.

The Cocket, with a Bill, is brought from the Collector to the Controller Outwards; the Cocket contains the Duties, the Bill does not; he puts his own Initials to the Cocket, and the Initials of the Cocket Writer to the Bill, and retains the Bill; the Cocket is carried to the Surveyor, and brought back again to the Controller, with the Initials of the Surveyor, Surveyor General, and Copying Clerk Outwards; he sett to it the Seal of Office, it is then carried to the Collector, who signs it, after which it is signed by the Controller; he casts upon his Bill the Duties under their separate Branches, and the next Morning hi compares, together Vrith the Surveyor and Surveyor General, the Description of the Goods, with tlje Duties on the Bill, with the like Descriptions upon the Warrant in the Hands of the Collector: Every Day he enters the Duties under their several Branches in his Cash Book; of these Entries he forms Daily arid Weekly Totals, arid every Wefek compares these Totals with the like Entries in the Account of the Collector, and signs the Receipt Side of his Account.

Where a Bounty is to be paid upon Exportation, a Cocket, describing the Goods, with the Bill, is brought to the Controller, and proceeds through the Offices in the same Manner as a Cocket, and Bills for Exports liable to Duties, except that no Computation is entered upon them. A Debenture for the Bounty is brought to the Controller, with the Goods described upon it, and the Sum due for the Bounty endorsed upon it; he computes the Bounty, enters the Debenture in his Debenture Book, and endorses it with his Name, and the Day of his Examination and Entry; from him it is carried to the Surveyor.

H. Herd.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond\

Wiltm Roes

N# 29.

The Examination of Mr. Charles May; taken upoq Oath, December 10th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Surveyor of the Customs Outwards; he holds his Office by Deputation from Lord Stawell; be has been in the Surveyor’s Office about Twenty-six Years, and Deputy about Ten Years. — The Cocket, and Three Bills, are brought to the Surveyor from the Office of the Controller; the Surveyor takes One of the Bills, puts his Initials upon the Cocket, and the Number of the Cocket upon his Bill; the Cocket, and the Two remaining Bills, are carried to the Surveyor General; the Surveyor casts all the Branches upon the Face of his Bill; the next Morning the Description of the Goods in the Bill, and the Duties, are compared with the like Description and Duties in the Warrant, the Collector’s Clerk reading the Warrant, and the Checks attending to their Bills; the Duties are entered from the Bill, in Net Sums, into the Cash Book, under the several Heads: The Totals are formed and compared, in like Manner as the Totals formed by the Surveyor Inwards. The Deputy Surveyor, having compared his Account with the Weekly 8 O Abstract


TfauBfewth Report od Public Account*

694 21 'Marti. A i7§5.

Abstract of the Collector, signs the Debtor Side of that Abstract, as a Testimony that the Collector has charged himself in his Abstract with the Amount of ,the Duties ne has received during the Week.

The Surveyor enters in his Register Book the ^tnes of Jhe Merchant and Master of the Vessel, and whither bound, end ell the Goods liable tp bounties. When a Debenture for a Bounty is brought to him, he compares the Goods described in the Defeature, and certified by the Searchers to have been shipped} with his Register, to see that they have been entered for Exportation; the Debenture contains the

£veral Bounties in figures, as computed by the Col-:for; the Surveyor computes the Bounties, and enters them also in Figures upon the Debenture, and enters in his Register the Goods so certified, opposite the original Entry; the Debenture is carried back to the Collector, and brought again to the Surveyor, signed by the Collector, Controller, and Surveyor General, with the Bounties endorsed, both in Words and figures; he enters in his Register, opposite the original Entry, the Amount of the Bounty, and the Pate of his Allowance; he adds the same Date to the pebenture, and signs it with his Name; and from him the Debentures for Sugar and Silk are carried to the Office of Computer Inwards, and foe rest to the Office for registering Debentures.

Cha' Mat/.

T. Anguish,

Rich* Neave,

Sam' Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N° 30.

The Examination of Mr. Walter Bingo; taken upon Oath, December 15th, 17^4.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Surveyor General, both Inwards and Outwards; he holds hi? Office by Deputation from Lord and has

been in it about Twenty-four Years: He is Deputy Surveyor General as to all the Duties Outwards, and as to the Wine Cash Book Inwards. He is a Check. upon the Receipt and Computation of the Duties Inwards on Wine, in the same Manner as the Deputy Surveyor Inwards is upon the Grand and Plantation Receipts.

Upon the Export of Goods liable to Duties the Cocket and Bill are brought to the Surveyor General; the Cocket has the Duties entered upon it, and is marked by him with his Initials. The Check of the Surveyor General upon foe Receiver of foe Duties Outwards is carried on exactly in foe same Manner as is pursued by the other Two Checks, 'foe Controller and Surveyor. Where the Goods exported are entitled either to a Drawback or a Bounty, or where they arp free Goods, the Check of the Surveyor General upon the Description of the Goods, the Computation of the Drawback or Bounty, and foe Entries in foe several Books, and the Comparison of those Entries, are similar to the Modes pursued by foe Surveyor relative to foe same Objects.

IV.

T. Anguish,

A. Ptggott,

Richd Neave,

Sami Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will"1 Roe,

N°3t.

The Examination of Mr. Abraham taken upon Oath, December 14th, 1784.

This Examinant saith. That he is Copying Clerk Outwards in the Port of London-, he holds his Office by Deputation from the Commissioners of the Customs, pursuant to a Warrant from the Treasury; he has been in this Office about Eight Years.

The Cocket for Goods to be exported, liable to Duties, is brought to the Copying Clerk, signed with the Initials of the Collector, Controller, Surveyor, and Surveyor General, and generally with the Duties cast upon it, and signed by the Receiver; a Bill is brought with it, but without the Duties, and retained by the Copying Clerk; he signs his Initials to the Cocket, which is carried back to the Controller to be sealed: Soon after he compares the Description of the Goods upon his Bill with the like Description upon the Warrant in the Hands of the Deputy Collector Outwards, together with the other Checks; lie does not compute the Duties, or enter them upon his Bill. — He sorts together all those Bills which include Entries in foe same Ship, and enters those Bills, so sorted, into a Book kept for that Purpose, and sends foe - Bills themselves to the Office of the Inspector General of Imports and Exports, l^ills for Bounties, and for Free Goods, pass through the Offices in foe same Manner as the Bills for Duties, except that foey are not carried to the Receiver; and the Bills for the Exports of Woollen Cloths and Leather are signed by the Collectors and Controllers of those Goods, and by foe Surveyor and Surveyor General.

A Certificate, Cocket, and Bill, which is the Ground for a Drawback, is brought in like Manner to the Copying Clerk, but without the Initials of the Controller and Surveyor, and with the Addition of the Initials of the Register of Certificate Cockets; thus every Cocket for entering Goods Outwards is entered in the Office of the Copying Clerk, and transmitted by him to the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports.

A. Greenwood.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sand Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummon/l,

mil" Roe.

N* 32.

'The 'Examination of Mr. Thomas Sutton; taken upon Oath, August 25th and 31st, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is One of the Deputies for Foreign Business to the Collector Outwards, and has been so for about Four Years, and has been in the Office about Twenty-two Years.

When Goods on which by Law a Bounty is payable are intended to be shipped, the Exporter makes out a Warrant, and Four Bills, which express the Ship’s and Captain’s Names, the Port.of Destination, the Name of the Exporter, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods, arranged under the different Heads to which they belong. The Warrant and Bills are brought to the Office of the Collector Outwards, where the Warrant remains, and is entered in a Book kept for that Purpose, and a Cocket for shipping the Goods is made out, and marked with the Initials of the Collector’s Deputy: This Cocket, with a Bill, is taken to the Controller’s Office, where it is examined 2 to

as Geo. III. ai Mar til.

to see if it agrees with the fill, and if k does, it is marked wkh his Initials, and the Bill is kept; it is then carried, with a like Bill, successively to the Surveyor, Surveyor General, and the Copying Clerk Outwards, who each keep a Bill, and having examined the Cocket, mark it in the same Manner. The Cacket, thus marked, is taken back to the Control* ler’s Office, and there sealed with his Seal of Office, and carried to the Collector’s Office, where the Exporter having entered into a Bond for the Exportation of the Goods mentioned in the Entry, the Collector’s Deputy, whose Initials had before been put to it, signs the Cocket, and then the Deputy Controller signs it, and it is complete.

The Merchant having obtained the Cocket, endorses upon it an Account of each Package, and the Contents thereof, actually intended to be shipped, and makes out another Bill, on which he also makes the like Endorsement; and when the Goods are upon the Quay for shipping, he delivers the Cocket to the Patent Searchers, and the Bill to the Controlling Searchers; from each of these Offices One Searcher goes to examine the Packages, and compare them with the Endorsements; if they find them agree, the Goods may be shipped, under the Care of the proper Officers. The Cocket is entered in the Searcher’s Office, in a Book kept for that Purpose, by the Patent Searchers Clerk, and where the Quantity shipped is less than the Quantity expressed in the Cocket, he enters in the Margin of the Book the Quantity shipped, taken from the Endorsement on the Cocket.

The Controlling Searchers, from the Endorsement on the Bill which is left in their Office, enter iu their Book of Shipping the Quantity shipped.

The Requisites of Law being complied with, Debentures for Bounties are made out in the Cqllector s Office Monthly, One Month under another. When the Time for making out the Debenture arrives, the Clerks in the Collector’s Office in that Department fill up the Debenture from the Bond, and deliver it to the First Clerk in the Department for Foreign Business, who compares it with the Bond, and also with the Entry formerly made by him of the Warrant, and writes it off in the Book in which that Entry was made, marking upon the Debenture the Number of the Entry. It is then signed by the Deputy-Collector, and entered in an Alphabetical Book Jkept for that Purpose, under the Letter of the Name of the Exporter, and is delivered to the Merchant, pr his Agent, who takes it to ,the Patent Searchers, where it is entered in another Alphabetical iBook, and the Searchers refer to -their Gravesend List, to see if the Ship has taken her final Clearance froip Gravesend* till when the Goods are not deemed to be exported, so as to be entitled to Bounty; they then compare the Debenture with their iBook, and certify, under the Hand of One of them, the Quantity shipped: The Debenture is wrote off in their Alphabetical Book, and delivered over to One of the /Controlling Search?* ers, who puts his Initials in -the Parent Searchers Book as a Receipt for the same, enters it in their own Alphabetical Book, compares it with their Book of Shipping, and signs to the Quantity shipped, unjler the Signature of the Patent Searcher.

The Merchant makes Oath at the Foot of the Debenture, before One of the principal Officers of the Customs, that the Goods certified by the Searchers to have been shipped are all of British Manufacture, and exported to Piurts beyond the Seas, on Commission, or on their own Account, as the Case may be, and not landed, or intended to be re-landed, in any Part of Great Britain, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro; After the Oath is made the Debenture is delivered to One of the Collectors Clerks, whose Department it is to

Vol. AO.

examine it* to pe that the VKhoSje - is correct; and Thirteenth who, after marking it with his Initials, delivers it to ReP°r* the Deputy Usher, whose Duty it is to lay heforfe "caStt; the Bench Officers, for their Signature, Documents tq which Oaths are requisite; it is then signed by the First Deputy of the Collector, Controller, Surveyor, or Surveyor General: The Debenture, s6 signed, is carried to the Chief Clerk in the Office of the CoK lector Outwards, who computes thereupon the Bounty on the Article shipped, and also puts the Amount of the Computation in Figures at the Bottom of the Back of the Debenture, and delivers it -to the Sur4 veyor; whose Clerk examines the Computation, and writes it off in the Book in which he fiad formerly entered the Bill of Entry, and returns it & the Ghiof Clerk of the Collector Outwards; who enters in separate Margins of his Book the Quantify shipped, the Amount of the Bounty, and the Date of -writing il offi and sets down the Amount in Figures 'at lUe Tcip of the Back of the Debenture; it is taken to anothef Clerk jin the same Office, who writes the Amount cM the Back of the Debenture in Words at Length, and it is then signed by the Deputy Collector, and goes to the Controller’s Office, where the Whole is amined, and the Debenture entered in their -Official Book, and signed by the Deputy Controller; it undergoes. the like Examination, and is entered sufccefi!^ sively in the Offices of the Surveyor: and Surv$y6r General, and is respectively signed by them.

If the Goods are Silk, or refined Sugars, the Debenture is taken to the Office of the Collector Inwards, who enters and signs it: The next Proceeding is to carry the Debenture to the Register of Debentures, whose principal Duty it is to examine Documents previous to the Signature of the Commissioners of the Customs, and to fill up the Order to the Receiver General, or the Collector Inwards, for Payment, at the Bottom of the Back of the Debenture, and to present the same tq the Commissioners, Four of whom sign it; it is then delivered to the Merchant,

>vho, upon producing the Debenture, with a Receipt thereon, receives the Amount either frap the Receiver General or the Collector Inwards.

T. Sutton.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich? Neave,

If ill" Roe.

Nf 33.

The Examination of Robert Western Esquire; taken upon Oath, October 13th* and'

1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Collector of the Coal Duties in the Port of London. — The Master of a Vessel laden with Coals, or his Agent, enters his Ship with the Collector of the Coal Duties, within FoUjr Days after he has passed Gravesend, producing to him the Cocket; and either pays into the Hands of tljje Receiver General, or deposits with the Collector’ a Sum to answer the Duties computed upon the Quantity inserted in the Cocket, or gives his Bond, with One Surety, to the Collector, to pay the Duties that shall become due upon the Quantity of Coals certified by the Sworn Meters tp have been delivered from the Ship. A Blank Warrant is filled up in the Office from the Cocket, signed by the Collector and Controller, and delivered to the Coal ^leter, ajs his Authority for delivering the Ship; the Coal Meter certifies upon the Back of the Warrant the Quantity of Coals delivered put of the Ship: The Person fiable to the Duties brings this Certificate to the . ~ A Collector,

Thirteenth Report on Public Account*

696 210 MarA. 1785*

Collector, who computed the Duties upon the Quantity so certified to have been delivered, and enters the Total in the Margin of the Certificate. — If a Deposit has been made, it is entered upon the Warrant, and compared with the Sum computed; if a Bond has been given, or a Deposit made, the Obligor must pay the Duties within Sixteen Working Days after Entry, and the Certificate remains filed in the Of* fice. — The Duties upon Coals are computed some by the Ton, others by the Chaldron; where they are computed by the Chaldron the Quantities inserted in the Cocket are, as he believes, according to the Mea* sure at the Port of Lading, but the Duties paid are all according to the Winchester Measure, that is, Thirty-six Bushels to the Chaldron, and the MeteF certifies according to that Measure. — The Duties are entered in the Day Book under their several Branches; the Number of Branches are Three, called The Three Shilling, The Two Shilling Duties, and The Church Duty, besides the Imposts 1779 and 1782. — Every Week an Account is made out, with a Duplicate, containing all the Duties received during the Week, under their several Branches, cast up to Totals, and the Payments made to the Receiver General; both are signed by the Collector, examined with the similar Accounts of the Controller, and signed by him; the Account is sent to the Controller General, and the Duplicate to the Controller of the Receiver General’s Issues.

Rob' Weston.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich 4Neeme,

Sant Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N* 34-

The Examination ‘of Robert Weston, Esquire; taken upon Oath, November 3d, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That in calculating the Deposit taken from the Factor upon the Entry, it is usual to take something more than the Amount the Duty is estimated at: The Sum payable upon a Chaldron by the Pool Measure being well known, it is easy to guess at nearly the Amount of the Duty upon the Quantity on the Cocket, though there expressed by the Newcastle Measure, which is considered nearly as Two to One.

After the Duties are computed upon the Certificate, the Collector settles the Amount of the Duties with the Factor; if the Deposit exceeds the Duties, the Overplus is returned to him, if it falls short, the Factor pays the Deficiency. After either the Deposit or the Duties are settled, the Usage in general is for the Factor to pay the Sum into the Hands of the Receiver General, and bring his Receipt to the Collector; these Daily Payments to the Receiver General are Payments not then appropriated, but on Account, and are settled at the Close of every Day with the Receiver General. — After the Receipt of the Week has been examined and agreed with the Controller, the Collector, retaining in his Hands a Sum to answer the Difference between the Deposits and the Duties, makes out an Account of his Receipts and Payments during the Week, and appropriates to its proper Branches the Amount of what he has paid during that Week into the Hands of the Receiver General; this Account, being examined by the Controller, is signed by the Collector, and transmitted by him to the Receiver General: Where a Bond is given for the Duties, and they are not paid within the Sixteen Days , upon the Receipt of the Duplicate from the Meter’s

Office, the Duties are Computed, and entered on the Back of the Bond, which is detained in the Office until the Factor produces the Certificate) and pays the Duties.

The Office of the Collector of the Coal Duties is in the Appointment of the Commissioners of the Customs; he is paid by a Salary, and has certain Fees; his Salary is Three hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, which is reduced, by Taxes and Fees, to Two hundred and Sixty Pounds a Yean The Fees are certain Sams paid to him by the Factor, upon Bonds, Debentures, and Certificates, and amounted, in the Year 1781, to about One hundred and Forty-five Pounds Ten Shillings. He pays out of his Income Two Clerks, together One hundred and Twenty-four Pounds a Year.

Rolf

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich1 Neaoe,

Sam! Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

WillmRowe.

N* 35.

The Examination of Mr. William Dobson; takeii upon Oath, November 2d, nth, and 16th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Clerk to Hugh Bishopp, Esquire, the Controller of the Coal Duty; he has been in the Office about Eight Years, and executes almost all the Business.

The Factor brings to the Controllers Office the Cocket* with an Entry Paper, which contains, amongst other Circumstances, the Quantity of Coals upon the Cocket, and the Sum deposited; if no Sum

appears upon the Entry Paper, it implies that a Bond is given to the Collector for the Duty; the Controller compares the Entry Paper with the Cocket, and inserts the Entry Paper in the Entry Book — the Cocket is taken to the Coast Office. Afterwards, the Factor brings from the Collector to the Controller, the Warrant, containing the Names of the Ship, the Master, and the Port of Lading, the Number of Chaldron, according to the Measure at that Port, the Date of the Entry, the Signature of the Collector, and the Deposit (if any). The Warrant is entered in the Deposit Book, and signed by the Controller; if it contains no Deposit, it is not entered, but only signed by the Controller; the Signature of the Collector implies that a Bond has been given to him for the Duties; the Factor then takes it to the Office of the Coal Meters.

After the Certificate on the Back of the Warrant has been filled up, and signed by the Sworn Coal

Meter, it is again brought to the Controller, with the Duties entered upon the Margin of the Certificate, as computed by the Collector, though not received by him; the Sums expressing these Duties are, One Sum for the Three Old Duties, with the Discount (if allowed) deducted from it, and One Sum for the Two Imposts, and the Total: The Controller computes the Duties, and either enters them on the other Margin of the Certificate, or ticks off the Sums as computed by the CollectorThe Controller enters the Total of the Duties in his Cash Book, and returns the Warrant to the Collector. Where the same Factor brings more Warrants than One, the whole Amount of those Warrants is entered in One Sum in the Cash Book; where the Warrants are brought by different Factors, the Sums entered are distinguished; by these Means the Controller charges the Collector with all the Duties he receives. — At the

Close

2$ Geo. III. 2t° Martii697

Close of the Day all these Entries are cast to a Total, and the Deposits taken are also cast to a Total, and brought in One Sum into the Cash Book, and charged against the Collector; he is discharged of the Deposits, as the Certificates are produced with the computed Duties upon them, and the Amount of the Deposits cleared is brought in One Sum to the Credit Side of the Cash Book. Where either a Deposit or a Duty has been paid into the Hands of the Receiver General, by the Direction of the Collector, at the Close of the Day the Collector produces the Receiver Generals Receipts to the Controller, who enters them in his Cash Book, in Discharge of the Collector; and these are the only Payments made by him. — The Collector keeps a Cash Book, and a Deposit Book; the Entries of the Total of each Day in these Two Books are every Day compared with the like Entries in the Books of the Controller; the Balance of the Collectors Receipts and Payments is the Cash remaining in his Hands at the End of the Day. The Controller keeps a Day Book, in which is entered, from the Certificates, the Number of Chaldron of Coals delivered; at the Close of the Week this Quantity is compared with the like Account kept by the Collector; both the Controller and Collector compute the Amount of the several Branches of the Duties upon that Quantity, and the Amount of every Branch is entered under its proper Head in the Week Book, and the Total of the Sums paid to the Receiver General during the Week is likewise ranged under the

O m # # o

proper Branches, which are Five in Number. The Weekly Account of the Collector, and a Duplicate of that Account, is examined by the Controller with his Week Book, and he signs his Name to both of them. The Collector's Week Book, and the Deposit Book, are both sent every Wednesday to the Board. Every Quarter the Weekly Receipts under each Branch are cast to Totals, and the Weekly Number of Chaldron are cast to a Total, both by the Collector and Controller, and the Duties computed upon that Number, to see that the Result agrees with the Totals of the Quarterly Receipts, and they compare together these Computations. The Collector sends every Quarter to the Controller his Quarter Book, containing every Circumstance relative to the Duties received during that Quarter; the Controller examines the Articles with the like Entries in his Entry Book — lie signs the Quarter Book, and sends it wdth his Day Book to the Examiner of Coal Duties. The Account of the Duties received by him, and paid to the Receiver General, is balanced every Quarter, and he retains in his Hands the Deposits not cleared, and the Day after the Quarter Day the Sum of Deposits not cleared is paid by him into the Hands of the Receiver General. It is the Usage in the Port of London, in order to encourage the speedy Payment of the Duties, to allow the Factor a Discount of 2f per Cent, upon the Amount of the Three Old Duties, provided he pays his Duties within Sixteen Working Days from the Date of his Entry, whether he makes a Deposit or gives his Bond. The late Increase of the Stamp Duties has induced the Factor to prefer Deposits to Bonds, to save the Stamp Duty: The Bonds are always payable within Three Months. Where a Bond is given, and Sixteen Days are elapsed and the Duties not paid, the Collector is charged with the Three Old Duties by the Controller, upon his receiving the Duplicate from the'Coal Meters Office, on which he calculates those Duties, but he is not charged with the Tw*o late Imposts, the Mode of keeping this Account not being yet altered and adapted to those Impositions. He is charged with the other Three, because he is supposed to have taken an effectual Security for the Payment of them. As the Deposits are paid into the Hands of the Receiver General, and all Payments to him by the Collector are at % Vol. 40.

the End of the Week appropriated, he is under the Thirteenth Necessity of appropriating the Deposits, though they Report are only Pledges for the Duties. ° °n Public

The Two Duties of Three Shillings and Two Shil- ccouul*' lings a Chaldron, are called The Coast Duties, , and are paid at every Port; the Church Duty, which is Three Shillings, is paid in the Port of London only:

The -Coast Duties, and the Two Imposts, are drawn back upon Exportation. The Debenture for the Drawback is brought to the Controller with the Duties to be paid back computed, and entered by the Collector, and signed by him; the Controller examines them, signs his Name to the Debenture, and enters the Total Sum in his Debenture Book.

IV. Dobson.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond,

Wilt" Roe.

N- 36.

The Examination of Mr. Edward Millson; taken upon Oath, November 1st and 2d, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is One of the Two Clerks to the Fifteen Sea Coal Meters for the City of London, and has been so for Twenty-four Years; he and the other Clerk are appointed by them, and do all the Official Business, except that all the Warrants and Duplicates are signed by One Coal Meter; and they hold a Board once every Month, January excepted. — He understands, the Appointment of < the Sea Coal Meters is vested in the Corporation of the City of London; and the Office, when vacant, is sold for the Term of Twenty-one Years, by public Auction, in the Chamber of London, for the Benefit of the City: They have sold for upwards of Six thousand Pounds, and the last was sold for about Five thousand Three hundred Pounds; besides which, every Coal Meter pays an Annual Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Chamber of London: The Purchaser must be a Freeman of London; and in case of his Demise the Term is vested in his Representatives,

The Factor, or Agent for the Proprietor of the Coals, produces and leaves at the Office of the Coal Meters the Custom House Warrant of the Entry of the Coals, containing the Quantity, with the Fitter’s Bill from the Pit, containing both the Quantity and Description of the Coals, and the Port of Lading — the Quantity is generally the Number of Chaldron, by the Measure at the Port of Lading — the Chief of, the Coals come either from Sunderland or Newcastle, and there is no great Difference in their Measure — the Proportion of a Newcastle Chaldron to a London Chaldron varies in different Cargoes.

The Factor brings likewise a Coast Bill, signed by the Collector of the City Dues; this Coast Bill is. sent, w'ith the Fitters Bill, to the Lord Mayor; both are left in the Lord Mayors Office; the Lord Mayor sends to the Coal Meter’s Office a Permit for the unlading the Ship. — There are about Ninety Deputy Coal Meters, who are by Turns put on board the Ships, One to each Ship, to measure the Coals. He enters in his Book every Day’s Work, (that is, the Quantity delivered) by the London Chaldron — the Name of the Lighterman who has purchased them — and the Name of the Person employed by him to receive them. — After the Ship is cleared, he delivers a Copy of this Entry into the Office, together with another Account of the Names of the Purchasers, and the Quantity delivered to each; from these Two Papers, both signed by him, the Certificate is filled up on the Back of the Warrant, with the Number of London Chaldron delivered from that Ship, and is

8 p signed

.ooste

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

698 2 i° Martii, A. 1785.

signed by One of the Principal Coal Meters; a Du plicate of this Certificate is also signed by him, and sent to the Custom House, for the Purpose, as he apprehends, of informing the Officers that the Ship is cleared.

The Factor pays at this Office One Shilling and Two Pence each London Chaldron, of which Ten Pence is the Orphans Duty, and is paid by the Receiver into the Chamber of London — Three Pence is paid to the Principal Coal Meters equally amongst them, and the remaining Penny to the Deputy who attends the Ship; upon this Payment the Factor receives back the -Tarrant, and takes it to the Custom House — The Coal Meters receive also a Halfpenny a Chaldron from the Custom House, subject to the Civil List Duty.

The Number of Chaldron of Coals brought into the Port of London in the Year 1781 w as Six hundred and Forty thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-eight; and the Net Profit of the Coal Meter was about Four hundred and Seventy-two Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence.

Edw* MUlson.

T. Anguish,

A, Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sant Beach croft,

Geo. Drummond\

Will* Roe.

N* 37-

The Examination of Mr. Humphry Bache; taken upon Oath, December 1st and 17th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he is Cashier to the Receiver General of the Customs; he has been in the Office of the Receiver General about Thirty-two Years, and Cashier about Two Years and a Half.

The Dufies arising from the Customs are paid either by the Collectors and Receivers, or by the Merchants, in the Port of London, and remitted by the Collectors at the Out Ports, into the Office of the Receiver General: Some of these are Daily, and others Weekly Payments; the Daily Payments are Payments on Account; the Weekly Payments, and the Remittances by the Collectors at the Out Ports, are appropriated., The Receivers pay Debentures, and deliver in those Debentures as Cash, or Duties received, to the Receiver General; the Receiver of the Grand Receipt pays other Debentures, which (by the Usage of his Office) he does not deliver to the Receiver General, but passes them with the Controller General. At the End of every Week every Receiver Inwards, and sometimes the Collector Outwards, has delivered to him, by the Receiver General, a Papei* informing him what Sums, of the Duties paid by him into the Treasury during that Week, are necessary to be appropriated under certain Branches; he delivers in to the Receiver General his Appropriation Paper, in which he complies with the Requisition of the Receiver General, and appropriates the Residue as he thinks proper.

The Collector of the Coal Duty appropriates his Receipt without the Intervention of the Receiver General; for the only Payments made by the 'Receiver General out of this Duty are the Drawbacks, and certain Salaries, and the Receipts under each Branch always exceed the Payments.

The Receiver General makes certain Payments out of certain Branches, pursuant either to Warrants of the Treasury, or Orders of the Commissioners; having paid into the Exchequer all the Duties he has received during the Week, he is continually making these Payments, without knowing whether he shall have

received at the End of the Week Money upon those Branches sufficient to answer those Payments: upon casting up his Payments under the several Branches, he regulates his Requisitions to the Receivers, and desires such an Appropriation, that no Branch of Duty id his Account may be overpaid. The last Day of every Week the Receiver General makes out Four Accounts or Certificates — One for the Treasury — One for the Commissioners — One for the Controller of the Receiver Generals Receipts and Payments — and One for the Exchequer; the Three First contain the Amount of the Duties received from the Collectors in the Port of London, and at the Out Ports, during the Week, appropriated under their proper Branches, and the Amount of the Payments. made by him under each Branch, and the Balances of each Branch paid into the Exchequer. The Account made out for the Exchequer contains the Surplusses of the Receipts above the Payments under each Branch, and are paid by him into the Exchequer; these Surplusses are the Receipts of the Duties as appropriated by the several Collectors, deducting the Payments made by the Receiver General; the Three First Certificates are signed by the Receiver General, and at the Beginning of the Week are sent to the Treasury, the Commissioners, and the -Controller of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments; on the Wednesday the Exchequer Account is carried thither, and the Total of the Duties is wrote in to the Offices of the Four Tellers, according to the Rule that govern those Offices; the Receiver General pays them by his Draft upon the Bank for the Amount. When the Tobacco Bonds are delivered to the Receiver General, by the Receiver of the Plantation Duties, which are the only Bonds delivered to him, he charges himself, in his Account of Bonds, with the Number of Bonds and the Amount of the Duties secured; Where the Tobacco is Warehoused, and the Merchant wants to take out a Part of it, and has not Time to procure a Computation of the Duties due on such Part, he deposits a Sum with the Receiver General as a Pledge for the Duties, and after they are computed this Deposit is appropriated, and goes in Part Discharge of his Bond; as the Duties on these Bonds are paid in to the Receiver General, lie charges himself with those Duties, and his Bonded Account is discharged.

The Receiver General makes no Alteration in the Appropriation of the Duties as transmitted to him by the Collectors at the Out Ports, or remitted to him by the Collectors in the Plantations.

H. Bache.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Geo. Di'ummond,

Will* Roe.

N° 38.

The Examination Mr. John Mills', taken upon Oath, January xoth and 14th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That the only Sums received by the Receiver General during the Week, that are appropriated at the Time of the Receipt, are the Duties collected by the Collectors of the Out Ports, and Sums received by him on Bonds; at the End of the Week these Receipts, and the Payments made by the Receiver General, undew each Head, are cast up, and the Payments made out of those Branches on which there has been no Receipt during the Week; this shews how many Branches have been overpaid during the Week, and to what Amount. The Lists flelivered to the Collectors contain all the Branches overpaid; and the Sums required to be appropriated are, on the unproductive Branches, such as* will bring the 5 Receipts

a 1°Martii.

25 Geo. III.

Receipts to a Balance with the Payments; and on the productive Branched, an entire Sum, rather more than is wanted. It has been the Usage of the Office ever since he has been in it, not to permit any Branch in the Weekly Account of the Receiver General to be overpaid; to permit Over-payments in the Weekly Accounts would create a Confusion perpetually increasing.

The Duties received are appropriated, in this Weekly Account, in the same Mariner as they are received from the Collectors, and include the Debentures paid by them, and delivered as Cash to the Receiver General.

/. Mills.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond,

Will» Roe.

N° 39.

The Examination of Mr. John Dailey; taken upon Oath, January the 14th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That the Intention of sending the Weekly Abstracts of the Collectors to the Office of the Supervisor of the Receiver General’s Receipts and Payments, is to compare the Pajments made by the Collectors to the Receiver General with the Sums he charges himself with in his Weekly Certificate; the Supervisor has nothing to do either with the Receipts of the Collectors, or with their other Payments.

The Payments in these Abstracts to the Receiver General are appropriated under the same Branches as they are appropriated in the Weekly Certificate of the Receiver General.

The Supervisor is no Check upon the Sums received by the Receiver General from the Collectors at the Out Ports, the Plantations, and Scotland.

the Collector, except the Goods are entitled to be ThlrteeoA landed upon Bond being given for the Payment of Report the Duties; the Collector then makes out a Warrant, Publ* signed by himself and the Controller, specifying, in Accoua Words at Length, the Goods entered, and for which the Duties have been paid, or secured to be paid, and either the particular Amount of each Branch of Duty, or the Sum Total; the Warrant is taken to the Landing Surveyor and Landing Waiters, together with small Books, called Blue Books (the Leaves of which are numbered) with an Endorsement signed and sealed by the Collector, Controller, or Surveyor, purporting that the Book is to take an Account of the Cargo of the Ship named; a similar Book is sent to One of the Tide Waiters on board, for the Purpose of entering therein an Account of all the Packages delivered out of the Ship. — The Landing Surveyor, or a Landing Waiter, makes out a Warrant to the Officers on board, to deliver the Goods mentioned therein, which are the same as are contained in the Warrant brought to them; upon this WaiTant the Goods are landed, they are then examined and weighed, gauged or measured, as they may require, under the Inspection of the Landing Surveyor and Landing Waiters; and if the Goods have been short entered, a Post Entry for the Quantity short is made out by them, with which the Merchant goes to the Custom House, and pays up the Duty short.

The Requisites of a Debenture, either for a Bounty or a Drawback, and the Manner of obtaining and paying it at an Out Port, are, in general, similar to the Practice io the Port of London.

T. Anguish, A. Piggott; Willm Roe.

Jos* Powell.

N° 41.

John Dailey.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich4 Neavc,

Geo. Drummond\

Will1* Roe.

N° 40.

The Examination of Mr. Joshua Powell; taken upon Oath, August 27th and 30th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That he has been a Collector at several of the Out Ports, and the Mode of collecting the Duties is in general the same throughout all of them: — ‘Upon the Arrival of a Ship in the Harbour, she is visited by the Tide Surveyor, who places Tide Waiters on board of her, for the Purpose of securing the Revenue, and preventing Smuggling: The next Step is, the Captains Report on Oath before the Collector, Controller, or Customer, a Copy of which is generally sent to the Tidfe Surveyor, that he may see that the whole Cargo is reported; after the Report the Merchant is at Liberty to enter his Goods, which he does by giving an Account of the Marks, Numbers, Packages, and Contents, from which the Collector makes out an Entry, which is* signed by the Merchant, and on which the Collector computes the Duties; this Computation is, or ought to be, examined by the Controller: The Entry is copied into separate Books by the Collector and Controller, with the Duties under their separate Heads, and where there fe a Customer it is, or ought to be, also entered by him: The Duties ire paid to i Vol. 40.

The Examination of Mr. Joshua Powell; taken upon Oath, October 19th, December 16th and 20th, 1784.

This Examinant saith, That in general the same Rules pursued in the Port of London, for collecting, computing, and keeping an Account of all the Custom Duties, are adhered to at the Out Ports, as far as Circumstances will permit. Every Out Port has It Customer, a Collector, and a Controller; it is the Duty of each to compute and keep an Account of all the Duties, except on Coals Coastwise, with which the Customer has no Business, because the Acts that? impose those Duties place them so peculiarly under, the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs, that the Collector receives them, and the Controller checks them, under the special Appointment of the Commissioners, and not by virtue of the Warrant of the Treasury; and therefore sometimes, at the Out Porta; the Customs and the Coal Duties are collected and controlled by different Persons: the Out Port Collector receives all the other Duties both Inwards and Outwards — The Customer, the Collector, and Controller, each send up a Quarter Book to the Office: In general, the Collector is Deputy Customer, and sends up a Quarter Book in each Capacity; the Collectors Quarter Book is lodged with the Examiner of the Out Port Collector’s Quarter Book; after Exa^ mination, he delivers it to the Surveyor of the Out Ports, with whom the other Two Quarter Books are lodged; he compares it with the Controller’s Quarter, Book, and delivers it back to the Examiner, who sends it to the Controller General — These; Officers are all Checks upon the Collector , at the Oat Ported as far as regards the Sum received: The Examiners are

C

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

700

the only Checks upon the Computation of the Duties. In the Port of London the Controller does not appear to be a Check upon the Payments made by the Collector, for he signs the Debtor Side of his Account only; but at an Out Port the Controller signs both Sides, and certifies the Balance.

The Collector at the Out Port sends every Quarter to the Board a particular Account of all die Bonds taken by him, and discharged during the Quarter; to the Controller General he sends Monthly and Annually an Account of the Amount only of the Bonds taken by him, and discharged on each Duty during the Month and Year; these Accounts are signed both by the Collector and Controller.

In the Port of London, the Collector and the Receiver General having settled the Appropriation of the Sums paid to the Receiver General, the Controller General receives from each of them the same Account of these Payments. The Receiver of the Grand Receipt is the only Receiver who makes Payments; he pays Debentures both for Drawbacks and Bounties; those which he sends to the Controller General as Vouchers in his Discharge are appropriated to their proper Duties; the Controller General makes no Alteration in the Appropriation either of these Receipts or Payments, but at many of the Out Ports the Appropriation of all their Payments is inaccurate; the Errors in the Payment of Debentures and Certificates are corrected by the Examiner; the Payment of Salaries and Incidents should be, pursuant to the Acts of Parliament, in Proportion to the Duties received under each Branch, but that is impracticable, from the Number of Branches, the Difference of the Sums received under those Branches, and the Variety of Payments, and therefore the Collector at the Out Port places them under such Heads as he thinks fit; the Controller General alters the Appropriation of these Payments, either to bring the Totals to round Sums, or to balance, as near as he can, the Receipts and the Payments upon the same Branch. The Collector at the Out Port sends every Month to the Board an Account of all his Receipts and Payments during the Month, which Account is sent by the Board to the Controller General; this Account seldom states to what Quarters the Payments relate, and therefore the Controller General cannot tell how to appropriate them; he sends up likewise an Annual Abstract of all his actual Receipts and Payments during the Year ending the 5th of January, and on it is endorsed the Amount of the Payments belonging to, or paid in each Quarter of the Year to the same Period; but this Annual Account, which includes Payments in the Lady Day Quarter which accrued in the Christmas Quarter, is not transmitted to the Controller General until after his Account of the same Year is made out, in which Account he has given the Collector Credit for Salaries and Incidents accrued during that Quarter, without knowing under what Heads the Collector will appropriate them in his next Annual Account of his Payments.

Besides the Three Collectors Inwards, Outwards, and Coals Coastwise, there are Two more Collectors in the Port of London — the Collector of Duties on Wool and Leather, and the Collector of the Duties on White Woollen Cloths — each has a separate Controller; the Duties received by these Two Collectors amount in the Year to very inconsiderable Sums: There are now no Custom Duties upon Wool — the Duties upon Leather and Woollen Cloths are Duties Outwards. The Account of the Gross Receipt of the Customs for the Year 1781, delivered to this Board, and dated the 4th of October last will not agree exactly with the Account of that Year passed in the Office of ftie Auditor; there are some Articles, both in the Receipts and Payments at the Out Ports, which were defective, and could not be rectified Time euough to

A. 1785.

be included in the Account before the Auditor, but are now included in the Account delivered in to this Board, which is an exact Account of the State of the Ports during that Year.

Jos° Powell.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachwoft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will« Roe.

N* 42.

The Examination of Mr. Joshua Powell \ taken upon Oath, January the 19th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That the Books containing the Weekly Accounts of the Collectors in the Port of London, sent by the Controller General to the Auditor of the Imprest, contains the Weekly Certificates of the Collectors sent by them to the Controller General; the Certificates of each Collector and Receiver are bound up together; the Use made by the Controller General of these Certificates is, First, to charge the Collector with the Receipt, and in the next Place to discharge him of the Money paid by him to the Receiver General, and to charge the Receiver General therewith; and* to discharge the Collector of those Debentures, which he produces to the Controller General at the End of the Quarter, the Payment of which the Controller General is ignorant of until that Time; These Certificates are not considered as Cash Accounts, no Balance is drawn or earned over, nor does the Controller General examine the State of his Weekly Cash. If the Collector receives Bonds, the Controller General charges him with the Bonds, and discharges him of those Bonds by the Cash he admits to have received on those Bonds.

It is difficult to obtain the Annual Produce of the Duties upon any One Species of Goods, because the Duties arising from all the Good© are blended together under their several Branches The Inspector General of Imports and Exports keeps an Account of every Species imported and exported, and from knowing the Quantity of any Article, the Amount of the Duties may be computed: The Duties on Muslins and Callicoes, being by a lute Act formed into One Duty of £. 18 per Cent, a distinct Account is kept of the Produce, and the Receiver General appears in his Weekly Certificate to pay it as One Sum into the Exchequer; distinct Accounts are also kept of the Duties upon Linen, Yam, and Beaver Skins, but they appear upon the Receiver Generals Certificate to be-paid into the Exchequer, appropriated under their proper Branches.

The productive Articles of the Customs are, Wine, Tea, Tobacco, Linen, Silks, and Sugar.

Josa Powell.

T. Anguish%

A. Piggott,

Rick1 Neeme,

Sark Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

WillmRoe.

N°43-

The Examination of Mr. William Sims; taken upon Oath, January 27th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is One of the Foor Examiners of the Accounts of the Collectors at the Out Ports. The Out Ports are divided into Four Classes, and the Accounts of each Class are committed

to

2i° Ma.

Googh

35 Geo. III. 2t° Martii. 701

to One Examiner, and eadh Examiner has a different Class every Quarter, by regular Rotation; and therefore, in the Course of the Year, he examines One Quarterly Account of every Out Port.

Every Collector sends to the Board his Quarter Book, containing an Account of all his Receipts, and his Payments of Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills, during the Quarter,. appropriated under their proper Branches, with the Vouchers for those Payments: The Examiner takes the Quarter Book and Vouchers from the Secretary's Office; the Quarter Book contains the Circumstances of every Entry, and the Duties arising from that Entry; the Examiner computes every Article of Duty, and casts up the Totals; he computes the Sums paid on the Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills, from the Circumstances appearing upon the Face of those Instruments, and if he finds them right puts his Initials upon them. The Portage is an Allowance to the Master of a Vessel of a certain small Sum per Cent. upon the Amount of some of the Branches of the Duties arising from the Cargo, in Consideration of his making a just Report of his Cargo, and is paid to him upon his Requisition; in some Cases it is Six Shillings and Eight Pence, in others Ten Shillings per Cent. upon the Customs. The Examiner, at the Foot of the Quarter Book, forms an Abstract of the Receipt of the Quarter, comprehending the Amount of the Receipt upon each Branch, and signs his Name to this Abstract; he delivers the Quarter Book#to the Surveyor of the Out Ports, and the Vouchers to the Inspector of the Out Ports, with a Copy of his Abstract. Where there are Errors (and they are very frequent, especially in the Computations) the Examiner corrects them, surcharges the Collector with every Deficiency, and informs him of it The Surveyor returns to the Examiner the Quarter Book, with his Signature to it; the Examiner sends it to the Controller General.

W. Sims.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond\

Willm Roe.

N*44.

The Examination of Mr. William Saxby; taken upon Oath, January 29th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is Deputy Surveyor of the Out Ports, under Robert Thompson, Esquire, the Patentee. He receives from the Board the Quarter Books of the Out Port Customers and Controllers; these Books are designed as Checks upon the Collector’s Quarter Book; the Collector is, in every Out Port, except Five or Six, the Deputy Customer, and his Accounts as Deputy Customer are not always sent up regularly to the Board. The Surveyor depends upon the Account of the Controller; he receives the Collector’s Quarter Book from the Examiner, he compares together the Quarter Books of the Collector and Controller; if they agree he signs the Abstract of the Examiner; if they differ, he marks those Differences in the Margin of the Abstract of the Controller’s Quarter Book: He returns the Collector’s

Quarter Book to the Examiner; the Customer’s and Controller’s Quarter Books are deposited in this Office.

Wm Saxby.

T. Anguishy A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

Vol. 40*

_ _ . Thirteenth

N 45* - Report

on Public

The Examination of Mr. James Pawelt; taken Accounts, upon Oath, January 29th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is Chief Clerk to William Eddington, Esquire, who is Patentee of the Office of Inspector of Out Port Collectors Accounts.

The Inspector receives, either from the Board or the Collectors themselves, a Quarterly Account from every Out Port Collector, containing all his Payments for Salaries and Incidents during the Quarter, sworn to by him before his Controller, and sigued by both of them, wdth the Establishment and the Vouchers for all the Payments. He examines and compares the Vouchers with the Entries of the Payments. The Authority for the Payments of the established Salaries is the Establishment, signed by Four Commissioners.

The Authority for the Payment of the incidental Salaries and Charges, are Orders signed by Four of the Commissioners. Every Out Port Collector sends up to the Board, generally every Quarter, a preparatory Account of Incidents, with the Bills; these Bills are referred to the Officers of the proper Departments, for their Examination and Report; upon their Report the Board issue their Orders to the Collector and Controller for Payment. The Inspector receives the Debentures, Certificates, and Portage Bills from the Examiner; he enters them in his Books, together with all the other Payments, and delivers the Account, with aH the Vouchers, to the Controller General

James Powell.

T. Anguishy A. Piggott,

Rick1 NeaoCy Geo. Drummondy WiW* Roe.

N# 46/

List of Duties now existing, and rendered by the Controller General to the Auditors of the Imprests.

1 Customs

2 New Subsidy

3 4 Subsidy

4 4 Subsidy

5 Subsidy, 1747

6 Subsidy, 1759

7 Impost on Wine and Vinegar

8 Impost on Tobacco

9 Impost, 1690, Silk, 8$c*.

10 Additional Impost, 1692

11 Wine - - 1745

12 Wine - - 1763

13 Wine - 1778

14 Wine, Starch, 8g(f. 1780

15 Spice and Pictures

16 Additional Spice, 8$c?.

17 2d 25 per Cent.

18 Whale Fins

19 15 per Cent, on Muslins

20 Coinage on Wine

21 Duty on Pepper, Grocery, S$<f.

22 Duty on Hides

23 Additional Duty on Hides

24 Duty on Sope, 8$(f.

25 Additional Duty on Sope, 8$C.

26 Sail Cloth

27 Duty on Candles

28 Additional Duty on Candles

29 Wrought Plate

30 Subsidy Outwards on Goods exported

8 Q 3* Coals

Thirteenth Report on Public Account*.

*]02 2i° Martii. . 1785.

31 Goals exported, 1714

32 Coals exported, 1757

33 Goals exported, and East India Goods, 1765

34 Subsidy On Spirits

35 Coinage on Spirits

36 Coals, 3*. per Chaldron

37 Coals, 2s. per Chaldron j8 Coals for Churches

39 Duty on Glass, 1777

40 Duty on Linen Yam, 1752

41 Duty on Apples

42 Duty unrated Goods

43 Beaver Skins, 1764

44 Duty on Gum Senega, 1752

45 Duty on Gum Senega, 1765 and 1774

46 Crapes and Tiffanies, 1766

47 Duty on Hops

48 East India Wrought Silk, 1766

49 Cambricks and Sugars, 1766

50 Drillings and Broad Linens, 1767

51 Canvas and Lawns, i 767

52 Duty on Cotton Wool .53 Additional Impost, 1779'

54 Additional Impost, 1782

55 Additional Duty on Tobacco, 1781

56 Tobacco and Sugars, 1781

57 Duty on Verdigrease

58 Tobacco, Snuff, and Brandies, 1782

59 Duty on Wax, 1782

60 Rice - 1773

61 18 per Cent, on Muslins, Callicoes, &;(?.

62 Additional Duty on Paper, 1784

63 Bricks and Tiles, 1784

64 Coflee and Cocoa, 1784

65 Cotton Stuffs, 1784

66 Silk and Lead, 1784

67 Hats, 1784

68 Plate, 1784

List of Duties expired, but which the Controller General renders every Year to the Auditors of the Imprests.

69 New Subsidy, to 1st February 1699

70 D*------ to 8th March 1701

71 D* ------ to 1st August 1714

72 D*------- to 29th September 1715

73 D* to 11th June 1727

74 D°------ to 25th October 1760

75 } Subsidy, to 8th March 1706

76 4 Subsidy, to 8th March 1711

77 Coffee, to 24th June 1714

78 Additional Coffee, to 24th June 1714

79 French Tonnage

80 2d 25 per Cent, to the 29th September 1715

81 Candles, to 1 May 1714

82 Sail Cloth, to 29th September 1715

83 Hops, to 1st August 1715

84 15 per Cent, on India Goods, to 24th June 1714

85 Coals, to 15th May 1703 86 Coals, to 15th May 1708

87 D* - to 15th May 1710

88 Foreign Salt, to 25th March 1731

89 Rice exported, 1767

90 D" - 1772

91 Paper - 1701

92 25 per Ton on French Wine

93 Cambricks

94 Glass, 1746

95 Leather, 1701

98 Duties, per 6 Geo. III.

99 Fines and Forfeitures

100 Seizures per Ships of War

Jos* Powell, for the Cont* Gen1.

Custom House, London,

23d Nov' 1784.

N* 47-

Branches of the Revenue of Customs; under the Management of the Receiver of, the Grand Receipt

Customs, comprehending"

1 Old Subsidy;

2 Petty Custom

3 Additional Duty J

4 New Subsidy

5 4- Subsidy.

6 4. Subsidy

7 Subsidy, 1747

8 Subsidy, 1759

9 Subsidy on Spirits

10 Impost, 1690 j

x\ D* - 1692-3

12 New Duty on Spice, Sfcf.

13 Additional Duty on Spice, Callicoes,

14 ------- — Whale Fins

15 Coinage on Beer 1

16 ---- Spirits

17 2d 25 per Cent, on French Goods

18 New Duty on Pepper

19 — Hops

20 ----- Hides

21 Additional Duty on Hides

22 New Duty on Sope

23 Additional Duty on Sope

24 New Duty on Sail Cloth

25 ------ Candles

26 Additional Duty on Candles

27 --------- Apples

28 Coals and India Goods, 1765

29 Duty on Wrought Plate

30 Goods imported under-valued

31 Gum, 1765

32 Duty on linen Yam

33 India Wrought Silks, 1766

34 Crapes and Tiffanies, 1766

35 Drillings, $<?. 1767

36 Canvas and Lawns, 1767

37 New Duty on Glass, 1777

38 Impost, 1779

39 Starch, 1780

40 Duty on Cotton Wool, 1781

41 Tobacco and Sugar, 1781

42 Verdigrtase, 1781

43 Impost, 1782

44 Tobacco, Snuff, and Brandy, 1783

45 Additional Duty on Paper, 1784

46 Bricks and Tiles

47 Coffee and Cocoa

48 Cotton Stuffs

49 Silk and "Lead

50 Hats, 1784

51 18 per Cent, on Muslins

52 Plate, 1784

53 Wax, 1782

Jet Deacon, Rec' of the Plantation Duties. Qrand Receipt.

29th Nov' 1784.

96 Enumerated Duties

97 Duties, per 6 Geo. II. and Geo. III.

K* 4&-

2 5 Geo. III. 21° Martii. 70 3

N* 48.

Sir,

In Answer to your Favour of the First Instant, der siring me to answer the following Questions, relative to the Duty on Coals paid to his Grace the Duke of Richmond at this Port;

t( How much per Chaldron, and by what MeasureP — ^by whom? — at what Time? — and " upon what Account or Consideration paid ?

I acquaint you, That the Duty is 1/0. per Chalder, Newcastle Measure, (Eight of which Chalders are equal to Fifteen of Winchester Measure) and is paid by the Fitter, on Account of the Purchaser of the Coals, at the Time of clearing the Ships Coastwise, it not being due on Coals to Foreign Parts.

If by the Word "Consideration," is meant some Service or Thing done to the Trade on the Part of his Grace, I know not of any Consideration.

I am, Sir,

Your most obedient Servant,

JB. Conyers.

Custom House, Newcastle,

5 th February, 1785.

John Lane, Esq.

N# 49.

The Examination of William Stiles, Esquire; taken upon Oath, February 8th and 12th, J/8 5-

This Examinant saith, That he is Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs; he was Deputy Controller of the Customs at the Port of Portsmouth for about Ten Years, and has been upwards of Thirty-eighth Years in the Service of the Customs.

When Goods are deemed liable to Seizure for any Cause of Forfeiture, any Officer or Officers of the Customs, empowered by Commission from the Board, seize and take them into Custody; it is their Duty to convey them to the Port nearest the Place of Seizure, and in the Port of London to deliver them to the Warehouse Keeper, and at an Out Port to the Collector and Controller, with a Note describing the Circumstances and Cause of the Seizure.

The Officer who has them in his Custody examines and delivers a particular Account of them to the Board; they refer this Account to their Solicitor, for his Report upon the Legality of the Seizure; upon that Report the Board direct him to pro* secute.

After Condemnation in the Court of Exchequer, a Writ of Delivery issues, directing the Goods to be sold, or otherwise disposed of, as the Law directs 2 If condemned before Two Justices, they make the like Order; the Warehouse Keeper, or the Collector and Controller, are directed by the Board to carry the Writ or Order into Execution; the Goods are sold publicly by Auction, the Price of them is paid to the Warehouse Keeper in London, and to the Collector at an Out Port The Accountant of Petty Receipts in London is the Check upon, and keeps the like Accounts with the Warehouse Keeper; the Controller at the Out Port is the Check upon the Collector.

The Accountant of Petty Receipts makes out an Account of the Sale, stating the Shares of each Officer, and the Share belonging to the Crown, after deducting the Expences of Condemnation; he lays this Account before the Board, they direct the Payments to be made to the several Officers; the Warehouse

Vol. 40. *

Keeper pays over the King’s Share to the Receiver of Thirteenth tines and Forfeitures for London. Report

At an Out Port the Collector and Controller are each to make out an Account of the Sale, distinguishing the Shares of the Officers, and the Share belonging to the Crown; they pay the Officers their Shares without any further Directions, and they remit the Share of the Crown to the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports.

The Weekly Accounts of the Collectors and Re--ceivers of the Duties in the Port of London, except the Receiver General's, are not of course laid before the Commissioners; they have no Knowledge of the State of those Recounts, nor do they ever, that he knows of, call fqif or examine the State of those Receipts and Payments; but the Board are very attentive to compel the Collectors and Receivers, as well as all Other Officers, to deliver in their Accounts to the proper Officers in due Time — they do hot examine the Accounts themselves.

W. Stiles.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond\

With Roe.

N° 50.

The Examination of Mr.iVilliam Cooper; taken upon Oath, February 16th and lSth, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is Solicitor for the Customs for the Northern Ports of England and Wales. There are Four Solicitors for the Customs, One for London and the Western Ports, One for the Northern Ports, and One for Bonds and Criminal Prosecutions — these Three are appointed by the Treasury; and One for Coast Bonds, who is appointed by the Board of Customs. The Two Solicitors for London, the Western and Northern Ports, receive Fines, and the Prosecutors Shares of Seizures and Forfeitures, where they are compromised, either by Delivery at the appraised Value, or upfcn a Composition by Li*-cence from the Court of Exchequer; or where the Seizure is delivered, upon Security to answer the Value in case of Condemnation. Where the whole Fine or Penalty is recovered, generally the Whole is paid of course by the Solicitor into the Exchequer; where it is compounded for, or recovered on a Bail Bond, the King’s Share only is paid by the Solicitor into the Exchequer, in the Case of the Bail Bond of course and in the Case of tlfe Composition, in consequence of a Warrant from the Treasury to the Commissioners of the Customs, directing what Share of it should be paid in as the King’s Share.

The Sum produced by a Compromise at the appraised Value, contains the Shares both of the Crow'n and Officers; the Share of the Crown is in general paid of course into the Exchequer; the Shares of the Officers, by Orders of the Board: Where the Sum produced is a Composition by Licence, the Solicitor receives the King’s Share only, and pays it into the Exchequer: Where the Sum produced is the appraised Value secured upon the Seizure being delivered, that Sum contains the Charges, the Shares of the Crown, and of the Officers: 'the Solicitor states the Law Charges in an Account delivered by him to the Board, and in general receives from them Directions to deduct the Charges, and to pay the Share of the Crown into the Exchequer, and the Shares of the Officers to them.

The Accounts of all the Solicitors are passed by an Officer, called The Auditor of the Solicitor’s Accounts; every Half Year the Solicitor passes an Account of his Law Charges, producing his Vouchers,

winch

704 216 Ma A. 1785.

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

which are the Receipts: The Auditor allows the Payments of the Fees, upon the Authority of various Minutes of the Board; he ceftifies to the Board, r.t the Foot of the Account, that the Vouchers have oeen produced to him, and that the Fees are usual; the Board, having allowed this Account, direct the Payment

Every Year the Solicitor delivers to the Auditor an Account of all his other Receipts and Payments during the Year, with the Vouchers; the Checks upon the Receipts are the Orders of the Board, directing those Payments into the Hands of the Solicitor; the Vouchers for the Payments are the Tallies, and the Orders of the Board, with the Receipts annexed; the Auditor certifies to the Truth of this Account, and signs it; it is laid before the Board, and returned to the Solicitor, who keeps it with the Vouchers in his own Office. The Solicitors pass no other Accounts than these.

W. Cooper.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N‘ 51. ....

The Examination of Mr. Thomas Chauntrell;

taken upon Oath, February 11th and 12th,

1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is Warehouse Keeper in the Port of London, under the Collector Inwards, and also Deputy Receiver of the Fines and Forfeitures for London, styled in the Warrant Receiver tmd Accountant for the Money arising from the Sale of seized and condemned Goods, sold in London. The Offices of Warehouse Keeper and Receiver were united in the same Person, until about Two Years ago — they are now separated. Goods condemned or under-valued, or remaining in the King’s Warehouses above Six Months, the Duties not being paid or secured — Tobacco Ashes — refused Wines — and Goods sold for the sole Benefit of the Crown, are sold by the Warehouse Keeper by public Auction; the Money is paid by the Purchasers to the Deputy Receiver, within Fourteen Working Days after the Sale: A few Days after Payment the Surveyor of the Warehouse, the Receiver, the Warehouse Keeper, and their Controller, make up an Account of the Sale, containing the Circumstances of the Sale, and the Sum each Article is sold for — it is signed by all those Officers, and laid before the Board: Three Landing Surveyors attend the Sale, and make up a like Account, and lay it before the Board; these Two Accounts are delivered to the Accountant of Petty Receipts, who makes out the Shares of the Crown and Officers, and the Charges, and lays it before the Board. Pursuant to the Orders of the Board, the Receiver pays to the Officers their Shares; he retains in his Hands the Share of the Crown, to be disposed of as the Board shall direct.

The Accountant of Petty Receipts delivers to the Board from Time to Time a Memorial, stating the Balance in the Hands of the Receiver, and suggests what Part of that Balance.may be paid into the Exchequer; the Board direct it to be paid within Three Days, the Receiver pays it in accordingly, and takes a Tally, which he produces within Three Days to the Accountant of Petty Receipts, who is the only Auditor of the Receipts and Payments of the Receiver of The Fines and Forfeitures; the remaining Part of the Share of the Crown is paid away by the Receiver, for

Salaries, Incidents, and Imprests, pursuant to the Orders of the Board. The Balance in the Hands of the Receiver is frequently called for by the Board. The Net Proceeds arising from the Sale of the Goods undervalued, or remaining in the Warehouses, or Tobacco Ashes, or refused Wines, are all paid, gene* rally Half Yearly, into the Hands of the Collector Inwards; the Net Proceeds arising from the other Goods are carried to the Account of the King’s Share of the Produce of Seizures.

Tho1 Chauntrell.

T. Anguish,

Geo. Drummond]\ '

Wtilm Roe.

; N* 52.

The Examination of Mr. William ' JVtlliams; taken upon Oath, February 11th and V2tly

1785.

This Examinant saith. That he is Chief Clerk to the Receiver of Fines and Forfeitures for the Out Ports; he has been in this Office above Two Years. '

The Collectors at the Out Ports send to this Office an Account of their Remittances, which contains the Share of the Crown, and of those Officers who are paid in London; all these Remittances are ranged in this Office under the Head of Forfeitures. After the Bills are paid, a Cash Account is made out every Fortnight, and laid before the Board, including the Balance remaining in the Hands of the Receiver; the Shares of the Officers are paid pursuant to the Orders of the Board; the Board from Time to Time issue their Orders for the Payment of various Charges of Management. All the Payments which had been usually made by the Paymaster of Incidents, have fot these Two Years been made in this Office: The Receiver having in the last Year at Two particular Times/more in his Hand than he thought he should want, paid Two Sums into the Exchequer, amounting together to Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, without the particular Order of the Board, but in consequence of his Instructions, which direct him to pay every Fortnight into the Exchequer the Money remaining in his Hands on Account of the Crown; but since the Payment of the Incidents and Charges in this Office, the Receipt has been exhausted by those Payments, insomuch that he has been obliged to apply at different Times to the Board for Imprests, The Collector at the Out Ports sends Two similar Accounts of his Remittances, One to the Controller of the Receiver, the other to the Accountant of Petty Receipts. The Account of the Fortnight is examined and signed by the Controller, compared with the Books of the Accountant of Petty Receipts, and countersigned by him; this Officer passes the Account of the Receiver at least Once in every Year, and the Receiver passes no other Account.

The Bills and Cash are kept in an Iron Chest, to which there are Two Keys, One kept by the Receiver, the other by his Controller; it cannot be opened, unless both are present.

' IV. Williams.

T. Anguish> - '

A. Piggott,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Willm Roe.

N-53.

2$ Geo. III. 21 MartiL705

N* 53-

The Examination of Mr. John Bastin; taken upon Oath, February 14th and 16th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is First Clerk to the Accountant of Petty Receipts; he has been in this Office about Twenty-three Years.

The Notes of Seizures in London are sent from the Warehouse Keeper, and entered in this Office the Tike Notes are sent from the Collectors and Controllers at the Out Ports to the Board, and entered in this Office. In London the Two Accounts of the Sale are sent to this Office, and the Three Divisions of the Produce formed from those Accounts, and the Account of that Division laid before the Board.

The Collector and Controller at an Out Port send from Time to Time to this Office an Account of his Remittances; and every Quarter he sends up a State of his Sales, comprehending both his Receipts and Payments, with the Vouchers for his Payments. The Orders of the Board Upon the Two Receivers in London ore entered in this Office,* previous to the Payment, and signed with the Initials of the Officer.

The Accountant of Petty Receipts passes the Accounts of both the Receivers, and of the Collectors, at the Out Ports, relative to the Produce of Seizures. The Account of the Receiver for London is passed after every Sale; he produces to this Office his Book, comprehending all his Receipts and Payments relative to that Sale, and the Balances remaining in his Hands on Account of former Sales, with the Vouchers, except the Tallies, which are produced within Three Days after the Payments are made into the Exchequer. The Receipt is checked by the Account of the Land Surveyors; the Payments are allowed upon com-

paring the Orders with the Entry of them in the Office Thirteenth Books, and seeing the Receipts annexed to those Orders. Hcport 7"he Accountant signs every Entry of Receipt and Public Payment in the Book with his Initials; the Book and c^ounti-Vouchers are deposited with the Accountant, and lie gives the Receiver a Receipt for them, which is his Acquittance.

The Receiver for the Out Ports makes out an Account every Fortnight of his Receipts and Payments during that Time, with the Balance of his last Account remaining in his Hands, and produces it, with the Vouchers, in this Office; the Accountant examines the Entries on the Receipt Side with the Entries of the Remittances in the Books of the Office, and the Payments with the Entries of the Orders, and with the Vouchers: He certifies at the Foot of the Account to the Truth of it, transmits the Account to the Board, and returns the Vouchers to the Receiver.

Every Quarter his Account, is finally passed, in the same Manner as that of the Receiver for London, and his Vouchers are deposited in this Office; but his Book of Account remains with him. In passing the Accounts of the Collectors at the Out Ports, the Accountant relies upon the Signature of the Controller appearing upon the Face of the Account, both as to the Receipts and Payments; and having compared the Vouchers, consisting of the Orders and Receipts, with the Entries in the Account, the Vouchers, with the Account, are kept in the Office. This is the final Audit of all these Accounts.

Jtf Bastin.

T. Anguishy A. Piggott,

Richd Neaoe,

Sarnf Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wiltm Roe.

N* 54.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Sums received by the Solicitors of the Customs, either as lines or Forfeitures, arising upon Seizures or Penal Prosecutions, for the Year 1781; the Accounts of which were passed by the # Auditor of the Solicitor’s Accounts.

John Tyton - - - Solicitor of the Customs for the Port of London, and £ s. d.

the Western Ports of England and Wales 16,400 11 6i

Will" Cooper - Solicitor of the Customs for the Northern Ports of England and Wales ---- 817 3 — |

G. Litchfield - Solicitor for Bonds and Criminal Prosecutions 40

Arth' Tyton - Solicitor for Coast Bonds. - - £ 17,257 14 7

Vo 1. 40.

8 R

N- 55.

a i ° Martii,

4- 1785

Tllirtafeth

Report on Public Accounts*

70 6

N* 55.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Amount of the Seizures, with the Charges of Sale and Condemnation, the Shares of the Officers, and the Net Amount thereof, for the Year 1781.

YEAR. Gross Amount of the Seizures. Charges of Sale and Condemnation. The Officer’s Net Share. His Majesty's Net Share.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ d. I- *. d.

1781 143,235 17 9i 14,265 4 2 49,308 9 9 79,662 3 10 i

Gross Amount of the Seizures, as above -Charges of Sale and Condemnation, &c\ -

Net Amount

Custom House, London, loth September 1784.

£ s. d.

143,235 17 9

- 14,265 4 2

£ 128,970 13 7

Rick1 Turner, P. Inspr Psecutions,

Jrt Bastin, P. Account',

W. Richardson, D. Reg1 Seiz’.

N* 56.

An ACCOUNT of the Totals of the Weekly Receipts and Payments of Mr. James Deacon, Receiver of the Grand Receipt, from the 6th of January to the 5th of April 1781.

RECEIPTS. Bonds. Money and Bonds. PAYMENTS. £ ' 1

£ d. £ d.

1781. January 13th - - 17,702 7 5s 1781. January 13th - - 14,697 14 9

20th - - 80,802 7 6f 92,688 15 — 20th - - 13,602 6 10

27th - - - 202,867 15 8£ 27th - - 203,124 2 4

February 3d - - - 7,475 8 5 s February 3d - - 4,194 4 6

loth - - - 12,835 16 is 10th - - 12,084 14 6

17th - - - 4,010 18 9 17th - - 3,824 3 6

24th - - - 1,699 1 2* 24th - - 2,600 — —

March 3d - - - 10,499 2 8i March 3d - - 5,248 6 6

10th - - - 9,553 2 4 10th - - 5,389 u J

17th - - - 5,187 16 — i 17th - - 8,334 *5 6

24th - - 27,264 10 10 87,866 9 10J: 24th - - 85,70; 16

Bonds charged this Week 31st - - 9,908 6 6

£54,529- 1. 7 April 5th - - 23,979 3 -

31st - - - 11,080 11 9 By Debentures and Boun-

April 5th - - - 20,775 2 84 ties delivered to the Con-

troller General - - - 25,043 >9 -

I- 108,066 18 4-r 484,242 8 i{ —

417,734 11 3j

Balance - - 66,507 16 10,

£ 484,242 8 11

N’57-

a i° Martii.

a§ Geo. III-

707

N- 57-

Thirteenth

Report on Public Account*.

An ACCOUNT of the Totals of the Weekly Receipts and Payments of Mr. Lancelot Dunn, Receiver of the Plantation Receipt, from the 6th of January to the 5th of April 17811.

RECEIPTS. Maury. Bonds,

1781. January 13th 20th 27th February 3d X d. 3,250 8 of 7,7&o 6 8 2,209 1° 1 6,804 3 1 £ d.

10th 34,127 12 6 12,258 17 of

17th 7,177 9 6| 1,899 8 lof

24th March 3d 4,269 19 81 3,498 16 8 1,182 14

1 oth 5,890 3 6f 364 9 if

17th 7,621 7 4f 6,378 15 6f

24th 7,668 2 1 f 259 14 5i

31st 6,349 12 9» 2,141 4 4 2,627 4 5i

April 5th 3,295 2 8f

£ 99,942 15 7 £ 27,112 9 2f 99.942 15 7 127,055 4 9t

PAYMENTS.

_ Money.

Bonds*

1781. January 13U 20th

27th

February 3d 10th 17th 24th March 3d loti 17th 24th 3

April 5th

X

X.

3.0,52 7,499 1.847

0.94P 33,154 7,i90 4.047’ 3,9°& 5,93 J 7,77S 7,623 6,357 — 4,56 f —

d;

19 6 6 .6

14 — 17 6 6 6

15 —

3 — 12 —

3 —

16 6

3 —

3

6

99-9‘6 7 3

Balance

X

X d.

15,341

3±

15-341 1 3t

99-910 7 3

115,251 8 61

11,803 16 3

127,055 4 9f

N* 58.

An ACCOUNT of the Totals of the Weekly Receipts and Payments of Mr. Receiver of the Wine Receipt from the 6th of January to the 5th of April 1781.

RECEIPTS. Money. PAYMENTS. Imprests. Totals of Money and Imprests.

X S. d. X d. X d.

1781. January 13th - - 1,098 — 8 1781. January 13th - 83 - — 49° 6 —

20th - - 2,729 16 if 20th - - - 1,809 16 —

27 th - - 3,139 18 11 27th - - - 3-399 17 —

February 3d - - 4 882 1 iof February 3d - - - - 4,687 3 6

10th - - 11,818 3 6 10th - - 3,514 19 3i 12,188 13 3f

17th - - 5,327 1 4 17th - - 2,341 10 3 i 5,232 — bi

24th - - 1,823 19 6f 24th - - 1,567 13 7 2,0(>1 17 7

March 3d - - 3,684 8 9 March 3d - 652 — ioi 2,999 1 iof

10 th - - 4,353 10 10 th - - 910 11 9 3,51° 11 9

17th - - 5.774 15 , 1 X 17th - - 456 5 9 7-495 18 9

24th - - 2,846 10 6f 24th - - - 2,426 9 9f

31st - 4,171 18 I X 3l8t - - 2,800

April 5th - - 2,290 — 8 April 5 th - - 400 — 4,589 10 6

X 53,940 5 — £ 9,926 1 7l 53,751 6 4t

Balance m ~ — X 188 18 7i

X 53,940 5 —

Vol. 40.

N* 59-

Thirteenth Report pa Public Accounts.

708 2i° Martii. A. 1785.

N* 59-

An ACCOUNT of the Totals of the Weekly Receipts and Payments of Mr. James Dodson, Receiver of the Subsidy Outwards, for Two Quarters, from the 6th of January to the 5th of July 1781.

FIRST QUARTER, from 6th January to the 5th of April 1781.

RECEIPTS. payments. £

£. s. d. s. I

1781. January 13th to 38 4 6 1781. January 13th -

20th - >77 11 4 20th - - 20 — —

27th - >95 >9 3t 27 th - - - 20 — —

February 3d >95 3 7 February 3d - - - 20 — —

10th - >73 9 4 10th - " - 20 10 —

17th - 435 14 — 17th - - - 25 — —

24th - 202 11 10 24th - - - 17 17 —

March 3d - 845 >4 if March 3d - - - 46 — —

10th - 276 11 2 10th - - - 35 >5 —

17th - 442 8 6f 17th - - - 40 — —

24th - 303 18 6f 24th - - - 61 — —

31st - 442 2 3f 3>st - - - 2,050 — —

April 5th - 198 >7 8 April 5th - 888 4 21

£ 3.928 6 2f 3,244 6 2f

Balance - - 684 — —

£ 3,928 6 2f

SECOND QUARTER, from the 6th of April to the 5th of July 1781.

£ s. d. £. s. i

1781. April 14th - - - 716 2 3 1781. April 14th - - 42

21st - - - >,565 7 7f 21st - - " 61

28th - - - 706 >9 28 th - - - 50

May 5th - - - 502 7 2f May 5th - - - 35

12th - - - 288 6 10 12th - - 30

19th - - - 270 10 3f 19th - - - 126 5 "

26th - - - 303 9 7 26th - - - 1,613 — -

June 2d - - - 100 >3 11 June 2d - - - 65

9th - - 273 1 1 9th - - - 700

16 th - - - 207 12 5 16th - - - 220

23d - - - 425 8 4* 23d - - ' 420 — —

3°th - - 348 5 10 30th - - - 54>

July 5>h " - - >49 8 9 July 5th - - 734 >3 -

- £ 5,857 >3 2 4,637 >8 -

| Balance - - 1,219 >5 2

£ 5,857 >3 2

N* Co-

D

cq’

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

<5

o

O

N° 60.

N.

An ACCOUNT of the Totals of the Weekly Receipts and Payments of Roba't Weston, Esquire, Receiver of the Coal Receipt, from the 6th of January to the 5th of April 1781.

00

rxt

o

cr»

RECEIPTS. 3 Shillings. 2 Shillings. Churches. Impost. PAYMENTS. 3 Shillings. 2 Shillings. Churches. Impost.

£ s. d. £ S. d. £ S. </. £ 5. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

1781. January 13th 3,542 3 3 2,361 8 10 3,542 3 3 472 5 9 1781. January 13th 7,017 4,678 7,023 4 4 472 5 9

20th 262 6 6 174 17 ». I ix 219 7 9 32 16 7 20th 177 118 150 — lOf 32 16 7

27 th 2,624 3 9 ’,749 9 2 2,634 7 Cl 350 8 — 27 th 120 80 — — 120 — 51 350 8 —

February 3d 701 17 4 467 18 3 694 6 11 93 4 il February 3d 7 5 3 18 6 93 4 il

10th 264 8 2 176 5 51 268 12 2 35 9 31 10th 3,165 — — 2,110 3,169 15 91 35 9 31

17th 37 3 3 24 15 51 ’25 12 71 4 7 7 17th 301 200 297 19 4 4 7 /

24th 40 16 9l 27 4 6i 4 1 8 3 12 2 24th 3,800 2,533 3,780 13 — 3 12 2

March 3d 3,597 10 71 2,398 7 1 3,59° 1 5 479 5 Hi March 3d 1,203 802 1,203 10 ’I 479 5 iif

10th 160 12 41 107 1 7 144 7 Hi 20 12 1 10 th 1,514 1,010 i,509 9 11 20 12 1

17th 5,269 3 ’Of 3,512 15 11 5,269 17 6 702 11 10# 17th 3,677 5 — 2,451 10 — 3,678 17 31 702 11 10#

24th 1,408 ’9 71 939 6 5 1,382 1 24- 186 10 41 24th 831 554 816 9 3 186 10 4#

3’st 2,903 4 . 2 1,935 9 51 O CO OO 16 5 385 19 6 3’st 884 59° 873 19 — 1 2 385 19 6

April 5th ’,979 12 oi — x 1319 14 10 1,089 2 "I 264 8. 6 April 5th 95 ’6 11 63 4 71 17 1 51 #0 CT> 00 6

22 792 1 1 1 15,194 *4 7£ 22,644 19 41 3,031 11 91 £ 22,792 1 11 15,194 14 7f 22,644 19 41 3,031 11 9#

*0

Or

a

ft

O

8 ►o’g 3-

§ 1;S g

F«- |

O

Vo

Thirteenth Report ou Public Accounts.

710 210 Mart . 1785.

N* 6».

Na 63.

The Examination of Mr. Deacon; taken upon Oath, January the 19th, 1785.

The Examination of Mr. William Mucklow; taken upon Oath, January 2ist^ 1785.

This Examinant saith, That the Payments in the Weekly Abstracts contain only the Sums paid to the Receiver General, excepting the last Week of the Quarter. The Sum Total paid to the Receiver General is usually less than the Sum received. The Debentures paid during the Week, and to be delivered to the Receiver General as Cash, are generally not delivered until the Week after they are paid; and the Receiver is continually paying those Debentures, which he does not deliver to the Controller General until the End of the Quarter. There is no Check upon the Cash Account of the Receiver, nor does he give any other Account of the Debenture he pays, than those to the Receiver and Controller General.

The Balance Book contains the Weekly Totals of the Receipts and Payments under each Branch, as they are entered in the Weekly Abstracts, with the Balance on each Branch. The Receipts and Payments upon each Branch should be cast up every Quarter, and brought as near as may be to a Balance; but the Business has increased so much lately, from the Increase of the Number of Branches, that it has for some Time been impracticable to bring them to a Balance. This Balance Book is of no Use to any but the Collector, except that the Controller General examines it with his own Balance Book at the End of the Year.

Ja. Deacon.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Richd Neave,

Sam! Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will Roe.

N* 62.

This Examinant saith, That in the Accounts of the Wine Receipts and Payments, delivered every Week to the Controller General, the Receipt is of Money only, and is arranged under the same Branches as are entered upon the Warrants; the Payments are Sums to the Receiver General, including Cash, and Debentures paid to him as Cash, and Imprest Orders: The Payment of Debentures is Daily, of Imprest Orders uncertain; he does not pay to the Receiver General every Day all the Debentures he pays in that Day, it would be inconvenient to both Offices; he cannot pay in until the Monday or Tuesday the Debentures he pays on the Saturday, and therefore they cannot be brought to that Week’s Account, and for that Reason the Receipt of several Weeks appears to be greater than the Amount of the Payments in those Weeks; but at the End of the Quarter he balances his Cash Account as near as he can, by appropriating the Money remaining in his Hands amongst the Branches, so as to bring each Branch to a Balance, if the Hurry of Business will permit, and pays it into the Treasury; he credits himself every Week for the Imprest Orders paid during the Week, and once a Year he sends them to the Controller General, who allows them to him in his Annual Account.

The Imprest Orders are almost all paid out of One Branch — the Impost on Wines, and appropriated under that Branch; there is no other Check, that he knows of, upon the Cash Account, except the Two Accounts delivered to the Receiver and Controller General.

Wm Mucklow.

T. Anguish,

Richd Neave,

Geo. Drimmondy IViU" Roe.

The Examination of Mr. Henry Gyles; taken upon Oath, January 21st, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That he is npw appointed Receiver of the Plantation 'Duties. In the Weekly Accounts delivered to the Controller General, the Receipts, both in Money and Bonds, are appropriated under the same Branches as they are upon the Warrants; the Payments to the Receiver General are appropriated according to his Application, and include Cash and Debentures; the Bonds delivered to the Receiver General are appropriated under their true Branches. The Sum received during the Week generally exceeds the Sum that appears in the Account to be paid during the Week. The; Receiver General never takes in the Debentures paid either late on the Friday or on the Saturday, they cannot therefore be brought into the Account of the Week; and if the Receiver knows that Debentures will be brought to him for Payment, he retains Money for that Purpose: He makes up Officially no Weekly Cash Account,- npr is there any Check upon that Account.

Henry Gyles.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Geo. Drummond,

milm Roc.

N* 64.

The Examination of Mr. James Dodson; taken upon Oath, January 26th and 28th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That the Payt*ents into the Treasury, for about One Year, from the* End of May 1780, were not according to the usual Course of Payments; during that Year his Payments into the Treasury every Week, except in the Two or Three last Weeks in each Quarter, were much less than the Amount of the Receipts of each Week; he received Directions from his Principal, and did (pursuant to those Directions) pay the Remainder of those Weekly Receipts into a Bankers; from the 30th of May 1780 to the 9th of October, following, to his own Account, and from that Time to the 23d of June 1781, to the Account of his Principal: On the 5th of July 1780 he had drawn out of the Banker’s Hands, and paid into the Treasury, all the Sums he had paid in, except Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence; this Balance increased so as to amount, upon the 9th of October, to One thousand One hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Ten Shillings, which he took from the Banker’s on the 10th, end paid into the Treasury that Day; he had, a few Days before, received Directions from his Principal, to place these Sums paid to the Banker, not to hi9 own Account, but to that of his Principal During the Time this Money continued placed to his own Account, he drew out no 4 , Part

25 Geo. III.

2i° Ma

711

Part of it for any private Use. In the last Two or Three Weeks of the Three succeeding Quarters* he received back from his Principal, Sums to reduce the Balance remaining on his Account at the Banker’s, and paid those Sums into the Treasury; the Balance left, upon the Account of his Principal, at the Banker’s, on the 5th January 1781, was Nine hundred and Fifteen Pounds and Eight Pence; on the 5th of April 1781 it was One thousand Two hundred and Ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence; and on the 5th July 1781 it was Two thousand Five hundred and Forty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence. About Midsummer 1781, the Controller General objected to these short Payments; and being informed of the Reasons* he directed that the Balance should be paid into the Treasury: Upon Application to his Principal, he received from him at different Times, to the 28th of September following, One thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, and paid it into the Treasury; this left, upon the Account of his Principal, at the Bankers, Five hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence, which, as he believes, still remains unpaid, for he as Receiver stands charged with it, and the Receiver General eannot receive it Officially but through his Hands. Ever since that Time, his Weekly Payments into the Treasury have nearly equalled his Weekly Receipts. The Receiver of the Export Duties makes out no other Cash Account than the Weekly Account delivered to the Controller General, and the Duplicate, nor is there any other Check upon his Cash Account He receives no Official Instructions, either from his Principal or the Board, relative to his Payments into the Treasury.

James Dodson.

T. Anguish,

' A- Piggott,

Rich4 Neavcy Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Will" Roe.

N* 65.

The Examination of Robert Weston, Esquire; taken upon Oath, January 28th, 1785.

This Examinant saith, that the Difference in the Weekly Accounts, between the Receipts of the Duties, and the Payments to the Receiver General, arises, from the Difference between the Deposits taken, and the Deposits cleared, in each Week: The Deposits taken, are added to the Sum of the Weekly Receipt of Duties; the Deposits cleared, are deducted from that Amount, and the Balance is paid into the Hands of the Receiver General, arranged under the proper Branches; and therefore sometimes the Receipts exceed the Payments, and sometimes the Payments exceed the Receipts. The Appropriation of the Payments to the Receiver General in the Weekly Account, is the same as in the Appropriation Paper delivered in to the Receiver General.

Rob? Weston.

T. Anguish,

A. Piggott,

Rich? Neave,

Sam1 Beachcroft,

Geo. Drummond,

Wdlm Roc.

N* 66.

An Account of the Nature of the present System of computing the Duties of Customs: in which some of the Inconveniencies attending it are stated, and the different Principles from which those Duties originate are explained by Ex-

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts

In endeavouring to explain the various -Causes of that Intricacy which now so generally pervades the whole System of computing the Custom Duties, it will not be necessary to enter into a State of those Duties prior to the Act of the 12th Cha? 2nd, Cap. 4, called The Act of Tonnage and Poundage; the Book of Rates established by that Act being still in force, it must be considered as the Foundation of the present Customs.

The Duties on Goods imported, at that Time, consisted of a Tonnage and a Poundage, Duty; the Principles of both were simple — Tonnage was a certain Duty on every Ton of Wine imported — Poundage, a Duty or Subsidy of 12 d. in the Pound, according to the Rate (which was supposed to be the Value) affixed to the Article in the Table of Rates; and on Goods not therein enumerated, it was payable on the Value, to be ascertained by the Oath of the Importer. So far the Duties might be well understood both by the Merchant and the Officer; but it should be observed, that even these Duties were somewhat perplexed by certain Allowances and Deductions for prompt Payment, by which Means the Net Duties have not at any Time appeared under the Authority of a Statute; a separate Operation by Figures was always necessary, and these Deductions generally occasioned the Amount of the Net Duty to be a nice Fraction: But these Discounts have been, within these few Years, abolished by the Authority of Parliament

A Deviation from the System of Tonnage and Poundage took place soon after the passing that Act, and was the primary Cause of the present Intricacy; for, had those Principles been strictly adhered to in the imposing new Duties, the computing Officers might easily have framed correct and explicit Tables of Duties and Drawbacks, whenever Alterations or Additions made new’ ones necessary: These Tables might have shewn w hat it is impossible to do at present, the Net Duties and Drawbacks on each Article, at One View and in One Sum. — The Impossibility of doing this under the present Laws, which impose the various Custom Duties, will be obvious, from the following Statement of the Nature of those Duties; which consist of

A Subsidy of Tonnage, 1 The Nature of which has A Subsidy of Poundage,/ been already explained.

An Impost or Duty originating in the Weight of the Article, which is an additional Duty, not springing from the Rate, is unconnected with foe Subsidy of Poundage, and requires a separate Operation*

See the Example annexed, N° 1.

An Impost Duty according to the Ton, by Gauge; which requires a separate Operation, where the rest of the Duties depend on the Rate or Value.

Example, N° 2.

An Impost or Duty on certain Articles, springing from their Value on Oath; this requires a separate Operation, the other Duties arising from the Rate.

Example, N° 3.

Vol. 40.

A Duty


Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

71a

A Duty arising from the Gross Price at which the Goods are publicly sold; this is a separate Operation, the other Duties springing from the Rate.

Example, N° 4.

A Duty arising from a specific Sum, charge4 to the Branch called The Old Subsidy, in lieu of the Duty springing from the Rate; this operates on some Articles, where the rest of the Duties still depend on the Rate.

Example, N* 5.

A Duty, not springing either from the Rate or Value, but arising from the Number of the Commodity.

Example, N° 6.

A Duty arising from the Measufe of the Article (being a Measure of Capacity) independent of the other Duties.

Example, N° 2.

A Duty arising from the Measure of the Article (being a Measure of Extent) unconnected with the other Duties originating in the Rate or Value on Oath.

Examples, N° 7 and 8.

A Duty arising from the Weight of the Commodity, where the rest of the Duties spring from the Value on Oath.

Examples, N° 9 and N° 18.

A specific Duty, charged in One Sum, independent of any Rate or Value whatever.

Example, N° 10.

A Duty on Unrated East India Goods, to be ascertained by the Price at the Company’s Sale, which Price is reduced to the Value of the Goods at Importation, by certain Deductions, in Proportion to the Duty and Charges.

Example, N° 11.

A Duty on Unrated East India Goods, to be ascertained by the Gross Price at the Company’s Sale, without any Deduction whatever.

Example, N# 12.

A Duty arising from the Value of the Goods, to be ascertained by Oath; without Abatement for any Duty whatever, and independent of the former Duties, whether springing from the Rate or Value.

Examples, N° 3 and N° 13.

A Duty which is a specific Sum, independent of the Rate or Value, and regulated by the Quality or Goodness of the Article.

Example, N° 14.

A Duty arising from a specific Sum charged on an Article, to be appropriated to Part of the former Duties only.

Example, N° 15.

A Duty arising from the Amount of Part of the Duties.

Example, N° iG.

A Duty arising from a specific Sum charged on an Article, but where a troublesome Operation, by Means of a feigned Rate, is necessary to appro-

A. 1785.

priate that Sum proportionately to the several Branches having Claims thereon.

Example, N° 17.

A Duty arising from the Total Amount of all former Duties, being the Two Five per Cent. Duties of the Years 1779 and 1782.

Exclusive of these several different Principles of Operation, the Difficulty of Computation is much increased by various other Causes, too numerous to mention, and too intricate to explain; such as the Difference of Duty occasioned by particular Circumstances of Importation, and local Distinctions. — Drugs, rated by the 12 Chas 2nd, Cap. 4, are subject to Treble Duty, unless imported in British Ships, and directly from the Place of their Growth; and Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the East Indies, France, or the French Plantations, are subject to much higher Duties than Goods of the same Kind, imported from other Places.

The Inconveniences arising from the present System are many, and material. — From its complicated Nature Errors must inevitably arise, which the utmost Diligence in the Officer cannot entirely prevent, and which the Merchant is frequently unable to discover.

The computing the several Duties on the Entries of each Day, w hen those Entries are not particularly numerous, w'ith the Posting them into the proper Books, so fully employ the‘/Officers in that' Department, that, from the Increase of Business at particular Times of the Year, it is not possible to prevent the public Accounts being retarded, and kept open much longer than they otherwise might be; nor can this be remedied by procuring further Assistance — A Science so complicated few are willing tp study; and of those who are ablef to instruct others, scarce any one can spare the Time from his constant daily Employment; and no Man, however extensive his Knowledge in other Respects, can be an Assistant any Ways useful in this Department, till he well understands the Nature of the several Duties. The Truth is, that the Number of Persons competent to this Business is gradually lessening, withbut the Appearance of others to supply their Places.

What has been said, relates principally to the Duties on Goods imported; of the Drawbacks (the Computation of which was always more intricate and perplexing than that of the Duties) it is sufficient to mention, that, from a Variety of Causes, the Difficulty of computing them is increased in a very great Degree — from the Increase of Difficulty, Errors and Delay must naturally arise — these are considerably augmented from the unavoidable Circumstance of blending in One Entry a Variety of Articles. — That the Examples annexed may be better understood, they relate to One Article only, and are each intended separately to explain a different Principle of Computation; but it will very often happen that several of these Principles operate in One Entry of Goods imported] and the Necessity of applying very many of them to ascertain the Drawback due on One Debenture for Goods exported, will also very frequently occur.

210 Martii.

EXAMPLE,

25 Geo. III.

210 Martii.

EXAMPLE, N# i.

7*3

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts-

C* qrs. Ibs.

56 Dozen Skates of Wood for sliding, shod, q* 22 — Wroc Iron.

Old Subsidy New Subsidy 4- Subsidy 4- Subsidy Subsidy 1747 Impost 1690 Impost 1692

Impost 1779 Impost 1782

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

£. s. d. £ s. d.

- - - - - 3 10 — — - 3 6

- - - - 3 10 — — r 3 6

1 3 4 — 1 2

- - - - - 268 — 2 4

f - - - - 3 10 — — 3 6

- - - - 12 10 — — 12 6

- - - - - 3 10 — — 3 6

30

- - - - 1 10 — — 1 6

- " - - - - 1 10 — — 1 6

33 —

N° 1.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is rated at is. 3d. the Dozen.-The Amount of 56 Dozen, at that Rate, is £. 3. 10.

By what Act granted.

12 Chai 2nd, Cap. 4. 9 & 10 Willm 3d, Cap. 2j. ' 2 & 3 Arm, Cap. 9. 3 & 4 Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2d, Cap. 2. 2d TV" & Mary, Sess. 2. Cap. 4.

4th TV"8c Mary, Cap. 5.

19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25.

22d Geo. 3d, Cap.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

The Old Subsidy, which is

— New Subsidy - -

— -J- Subsidy -

— -j Subsidy -

— Subsidy 1747 - -

— Impost 1690 - -

5 per Cent on the Rate D°

- Part of the New Subsidy --f- Parts of D°

5 per Cent, on the Rate 5 / for every Hundred Weight of Iron -----5 per Cent, on the Rate 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties -Impost 1782 - is 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 - -

— Impost 1692 - -

— Impost 1779 - is

Total Net Duty -

L

— 36 — 36

— 12

— 2 4

— 3 6

— 12 6

— 3 6

— 16

1 6

1 »3

Vo l. 40.

8 T

EXAMPLE,

Thirteenth Report on public Accounts.

714

210 Ma.

A 1785.

EXAMPLE, N° 2.

7 Gallons Cordial Water (French) not otherwise rated, in 28 Quarts of Glass Bottles.

Subsidies on Spirits Coinage Spirits Subsidy 1747 Subsidy 1759 Glass Duty -

Impost 1779 Impost 1782

Gross Money Net Money as

as computed on entered in the

the Bills. Cash Book.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

- - - - m rn 28 — 1 8 —

- - 11 1 - 6|

- - - - - 3 10 — — 3 6

- - - - - 3 10 — — 3 6

- * " 9 6 8 . 9 4

' 44 17 9

- - - - - 2 4 10 — 2 3

— - - 2 4 10 — 2 3

49 7 5

N* 2.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is rated at 10 s. the Gallon.-The Amount of 7 Gallons, at that Rate, is 3. 10.

By what Act granted.

12 Chai 2nd, Cap. 4 9 & 10 fVm 3rd, Cap. 23

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5 7 & 8 Wm 3rd, Cap. 20

The Branches to which it is liable are.

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on the Rate

— New Subsidy - - D*

— -f Subsidy - - - -f Part of the New Subsidy

— -f- Subsidy - . - - \ Parts D°

The French Duty - - 25 per Cent, on the Rate

9 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 23.

18 Chef 2nd, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2d, Cap. 2.

32 Geo. 2d, Cap. 10. 17 Geo. 3d, Cap. 39.

19 Geo:3d, Cap. 25.

22 Gee. 3rd, Cap. 66.

— Coinage on Spirits,

— Subsidy 1747 -

— Subsidy 1759 -

— Duty on Glass -

— Impost 1779 -

— Impost 1782 -

Subsidies on Spirits -being 20/ for every Ton -

- - 5 per Cent, on the Rate -

- - D°....

- - 4/ for every Dozen Quarts

- - 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties

- - 5 per Cent on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779-

Total Net Customs

- 3 6

— 3

— 1

— 2

— 17

6

2

4

6

8

These Duties on Spirits were separately appropriated until the 29th September 1736, at which Time they were united to, and made Part of, the Aggregate Fund, and are now brought to Account in One Sum, under the Title of

£ d-

1 8 —

____6

" 3 6

— 3 6

— 94

— 23

— 23

2 9 4|

N. 13. — This Article is also subject to an Excise Duty.

EXAMPLE,

mM

5 Geo. Ill

2i° Mar Hi.

m

EXAMPLE, N° 3.

60 Pair of Bellows, Value 5/. each, of which the Leather is the most valuable Part.

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

£ d. I s. d.

Old Subsidy - - - — 10

New Subsidy - - - - 10 — 10 —

4 Subsidy - - - - 368 — 3 4

4 Subsidy - - . - . - 6 13 4 — 6 8

Subsidy 1747 - - 10 — 10 —

Duty on Hides, Skins, &c\ - - 45 2 5"

Additional Duty on D® - - 45 130 25 —

Impost 1779 ----- 6 10 — — 66

Impost 1782 ----- 6 10 — — 6 6

143

N° 3.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is rated at 3/4 the Pair.-The Amount of 60 Pair, at that Rate, is £ 10.

By what Act granted.

12 Chai 2, Cap. 4* 9 & 10 JVm 3d, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Arm, Cap. 9.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

9 Ann, Cap. 12.

10 y/w/, Cap. 26. 19 Geo. 3d, Cap. 25. 22d Geo. 3d, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

£ ' A

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on the Rate - -

— New Subsidy - - D° -....

— 4 Subsidy - - - 4 Part of the New Subsidy

— t 4 Subsidy - - 4 Parts of D°

— Subsidy 1747 - - 5 per Cent, on the Rate -

Duty on Hides, Skins, &ca. — This Duty is 15 per Cent, on the true and real Value (Leather being the most valuable Part of the Manufacture) to be ascertained by the Oath of the Importer, without any Abatement for this or any other Duty.

The sworn Value being £. 15, the Amount of this Duty, at 15 per Cent, thereon, - -.....is

t — Additional Duty on Hides, Skins, &ca. — This Duty is on this Article, similar to the preceding one -

— Impost 1779 ------- 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties

— Impost 1782-------5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the

Impost 1779 -

— 10 —

— 10 —

— 34

— 68 — 10 —

2 5 — 2 5 — — 66

— 66

Total Net Duty

Vol. 40,

EXAMPLE,

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

716 ai* MA. 1785.

EXAMPLE, N° 4-

20 Dozen Pair of Cotton Stockings, sold for £. 35.

Gross Money Met Money as

as computed on entered in the

the Bills. Cash Book.

£ s- d. £. s. d.

Old Subsidy ---- .35 1 15 —

New Subsidy - - - 1 - - 35 1 15 —

4- Subsidy - -- -- - 11 13 4 — n 8

f- Subsidy - - - - . 23 6 8 1 3 4

Subsidy 1747 - - - - 35 1 15 —

Impost 1692 - - - 35 1 15 —

Additional Duty on Spice, Callicoes, Cotton, c*. 105 5 5 —

280

Impost 1779 - - - .14 — 14 —

Impost 1782 - -- -- - 14 — 14 —

308

N" 4.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is rated at 355. the Dozen Pair.---- The Amount of 20 Dozen, at that Rate, is £. 35.

By what Act granted.

12 Chai 2nd, Cap. 4. 9 & 10 JVm 3d, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

4 Wm & Mary, Cap. 5. 3 & 4 Ann, Cap 4*

19 Geo. 3d, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3d, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on the Rate

— New Subsidy - D*

— -f Subsidy - - - -f Part of the New Subsidy -

— Subsidy - - - -f- Parts of D°

— Subsidy 1747 - - 5 per Cent, on the Rate

— Impost 1692 - D° - -

— Additional Duty on Spice, Callicoes, Cotton, &c*. — This

Duty is 15 per Cent, on the true and real Value, to be ascertained according to the gross Price at Public Sale; that Price being £. 35, the Amount of this Duty, at 15 per Cent, thereon, - is

— Impost 1779 - - is 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties - -

— Impost 1782 - - is 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 - -

Total Net Duty - - - £.

£.s. d.

1 15 — 15 —

— 11 8

1 3 4

1 15 — 1 15 ~

5 5- — »4 —

— 14 —

158-

EX AMPLE,

35 Geo. Ill

2i° Ma.

717

EXAMPLE, N# 5.

30 Cwt Pearl Barley — Imported directly from the Place of its Growth, in a British-built Ship. £^re*nUl

°n Public Accounts.

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

Old Subsidy -New Subsidy -4* Subsidy 4% Subsidy Subsidy 1747 Impost 1690 Additional Duty on Spice, Drugs, &c\ - £. s. d. 150 10 3 6 8 6 13 4 30 20 20 £. s. d. 7 10 — — 10 — — 3 4 — 6 8 1 10 —

Impost 1779 -Impost 1782 - 240 12 12 — 12 — — 12 —

I- 264

N° 5.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is rated at 1 the Cwt------- The Amount of 30 Cwt. at that Rate, is I- 30.

By what Act granted.

12th Chat 2nd, Cap. 4.

9 & 10 Wm 3, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

2 Wm & Mary, Sess. 2, Cap. 4.

3 & 4 Cap. 4. 19 Geo. 3d, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3d, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

The Old Subsidy. £.

The Act of the 22d Cha* 2nd, Cap. 13. having imposed the specific Sum of 5$. for every Hundred Weight of Pearl Barley, in lieu of the Duty arising from the Rate, the Old Subsidy is regulated by that Law, and amounts to - 7 10 ____

— New Subsidy.

Pearl Barley being rated amongst Drugs, the Duties, except the Old Subsidy, are to be computed accordingly; therefore, under the Circumstances of this Importation, viz1. " directly from the Place of its Growth, in a British-built Ship," the New Subsidy is only 5 per Cent, on \ Part of the Rate - -

— 4 Subsidy is -f Part of the New Subsidy -

— 4- Subsidy - \ Parts of D° -

— Subsidy 1747, 5 per Cent, on the Rate -

— Impost 1690, 10 per Cent, on the Rate, reduced to One

Third in Favour of a direct Importation in British Ships ——

— Additional Duty on Spice, Drugs, &c*. the same as the

preceding Branch -

— Impost 1779, 5 Per Cent, on the Total Amount of all

former Duties....

— Impost 1782, — 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 -

Total Net Duty - - £.

— 10 —

— 34

— 68 1 10 —

1 —

— 12 —

— 12 —

13 4 —

By a Clause in the Book of Rates, established by the 12th Charles 2nd, Cap. 4. and inserted therein at the End of the Rates on Drugs, it is declared, That " all Drugs imported directly from the Place of their Growth, in €< English-built Shipping, are to be rated One Third Part of what is charged in the said Book of Rates, and no " more." But the Act of the 8th and 9th William 3d, Cap. 34, directs (for Reasons therein mentioned), " That the Subsidy to be received for all Drugs imported directly from the Place of their Growth, in Englishbuilt Shipping, shall be according to the full Value on the respective Species enumerated in the Book of €t Rates, and npt according to the said Abatement; and for all Drugs otherwise imported, Treble such Value; " but not to extend to Drugs used in Dyeing." — But as this Clause relates to the Subsidy only, the Increase of Duty does not affect the Branch called The Impost 1690, w'hich, in case of a direct Importation in British Ships, is still chargeable on the reduced Rate, that is, on One Third of the original Rate.

Vol 40. 8 17 EXAMPLE*

V»

71.8

Thirteenth Report on Public Accofchts.

sTew Subsidy f Subsidy -4 Subsidy Subsidy 1747 Impost 1692

Impost 1779 Impost 1782

xt9 Martii.

EXAMPLE, W 6-

600 Italian Kid Skins in the Hair.

A. 1785.

Gross Money Net Money as

as computed on entered in the

the Bills. Cash Book.

1 £ £ s. d.

m \ _ _ 6 6 —

- - - - 6 2 — 6 — 2 —

4 6 4 — 6 —

i, Skins, &c\ - - - - 50 — 2 10 —

1 -6 a 0 S' - - - - 25 1 5 —

105

5 5 — - — 5 3

5 5 — — 5 3

115 10 —

N* 6.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is rated at £. i the Five Score.- The Amount of 600, at that Rate, is £. 6.

The Branches to which it is liable are.

By what Act granted.

12 Chft 2nd, Cap. 4. 9 & 10 Wm 3d, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 3. 21 Geo. 2d, Cap. 2.

4 JVm & Mary, Cap. 5. 9 Ann, Cap. 11.

10 Ann, Cap. 26. 19 Geo. 3d, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3d, Cap. 66.

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on the Rate

— New Subsidy - - D° -

— 4 Subsidy - - - 4 Part of the New!Subsidy

— -f Subsidy ---§ Parts of D° -

— Subsidy 1747 - - 5 per Cent, on the Rate -

— Impost 1692 - - D° -

— Duty on Hides, Skins, &c\ — This Duty is a specific

Sum, independent on the Rate, being 20 s. for every Dozen -

— Additional Duty on Hides, Skins, &cR. — This Duty is

on this Article, Half the preceding one -

— Impost 1779 - - is 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties

— Impost 1782 - - 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 -

Total Net Duty - £.

£. 3. d.

— 6 —

— 6 —

— 4 -

t- 6 —

— 6 —

2 10 —

1 5 —

— 53

— 5 3

515 6

EXAMPLE,

Geq. III.

f A P L E, f.

20 Hjjn&^d. Ejjls Ru^ie kwen, t&Qyg 3& pg^i^ipg^ fi$ies jff Bf^adth.

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

Old Subsidy New Sujbsicjy 4- Subsidy - Subsidy 1747 Subsidy 1759 -Additional jDnty import 1-690 Drillings and Broad Linen, \ 1767 - ill 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 £. s. d. 120 1 120 120 — -120 — . 60 —; go 600 £ s. d. <? - -,6 - - 6 — — 6 - 3 ~ — 4 so — 30 — -

Impost 1779 Impyjt 17S2 - - . 1,270 63 10 — 63 10 — 1 3 3 6 3 ? 6

t £ 1.397

7,i9

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts,

N° 7.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is (by the 5 Geo. 3d, Cap. 43.) rated at £.6 the 120 Ells.-The Amount of 20 C. at that

* Rate, is £.120.

By what Act granted.

12 Cha* 2nd, Cap. 4. 9& 10 /f>3d, Cap. 23. 2 & 3 Arm, Cap. g. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2. 32 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 10. 12 Cha 2nd, Cap. 4.

2 Wm & Mai'y^ Sess. 2. Cap. 4.

7 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 28.

1.9 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25. <22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent on the Rate -

— Neyv Subsidy - - D° -

— f Subsidy - -f Part of the New Subsidy

— Subsidy 1747 - - £ per Cent, on the Rate

— Subsidy 1759 - - D#

— Additional Duty - k the Old Subsidy, or 2i per Cent.

on the Rate -r — Impost 1690, — This Duty on this Article is One Moiety of the former Duties; which consisted, at the Time of passing this Act, only of the Subsidy of 5 per Cent, and of the Additional Duty, which was Half that Subsidy — the Amount of this Branch will be 3} per Cent, on the Rate -

— Drillings and Broad Linen, 1767. — This Duty on this

Article, being above One Yard English in Width, is, for every Ell, 3 d. - -....

— Impost 1779 - - is 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of

all former Duties -

— Impost 1782 - - 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of

all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 -

6----

6----

2-----

6-----

6-----

3-----

4 10 —

30-----

3 3 6

3 3 6

Total Net Duty

Vet. 40.

EXAMPLE,

7^0

2i° Martii.

i78S-

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

EXAMPLE, N* 8.

io Sails, containing 360 Ells Russia Sail Cloth, valued at 1 s. 6 d. per Ell.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article not being rated, the several Subsidies are computed according to the sworn Value; which, on

360 Ells, at is. 6d. per Ell, amounts to 27.

By what Act granted.

12 Cha% 2nd, Cap. 4. 9 & 10 JVm 3d, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Arm, Cap. 4.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2d, Cap. 2.

32 Geo. 2d, Cap. 10. 12 Cha? 2nd, Cap. 4.

4 JVm & Mary, Cap. 5. 12 Ann, Stat. 1. Cap. 16.

19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25.

22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

The Old Subsidy, which

— New Subsidy - -

---4 Subsidy -

— -f Subsidy -

— Subsidy 1747 - -

— Subsidy 1759 - -

— Additional Duty

— Impost 1692 - -

— Duty on Sail Cloth

— Impost 1779 - -

— Impost 1782 - -

is 5 per Cent, on the Value -

- D*....

- -f Part of the New Subsidy -

- 4 Parts of D° -

- 5 per Cent, on the Value -

- D° - -

- Half the Old Subsidy, or 2\ per

Cent, on the Value

- 5 per Cent, on the Value -

- This Duty is for every Ell of

Foreign-made Sails 1 d. -is 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties

- 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 -

Total Net Duty -

- £

£ 5. i

1 7 "

1 7 ~ 9 " 18 -

1 7 -

1 7 -

— 13 6

1 7 -

1 10 —

— 10 31

10 3i

11

6 1

example,

25 Geo. III.

210 Martii.

721

E X- A M P L E, N* 9.

lbs.

3oo Sperma Coeti Candles, Value 1/6 per lb.

Old Subsidy New Subsidy Subsidy -Subsidy -Subsidy 1747 Impost 1692 Duty on Candles -Additional Duty on D° -

Impost 1779 Impost 1782

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

£. s. d. £s. d.

- 22 10 — 1 2 6

- 22 10 — 1 2

- 7 10 — - 7 6

- 15 — 15 —

- 22 10 — 126

- 22 10 — 126

- 12 10 — ,12 6

- 12 10 — — 126

137 10 —

- 617 6 — 6 iof

" 6176 — 6 10}

I 151 5 —

N° 9.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article not being rated, the -several Subsidies are computed according to the sworn Value; which,

on 300 lbs. at 1 s. 6d. per lb. amounts to £. 22. 10.

By what Act granted.

12 Chas 2nd, Cap. 4. 9 & 10 TVm 3d, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

4 Wm & Mary, Cap. 5.

8 Anny Cap. 9.

9 Ann, Cap. 6. 19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

The Old Subsidy, which is

— New Subsidy -

— \ Subsidy

— -f- Subsidy

— Subsidy 1747 -

— Impost 1692

— Duty on Candles

— Additional Duty on D°

— Impost 1779 - is

— Impost 1782

5 per Cent, on the Value -

D°....

Part of the New Subsidy --5- Parts of D° -5 per Cent, on the Value -

D°....

This Duty is for every Pound of Candles, except Wax, \d.

This Duty is similar to the preceding one -5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties 5 per Cent on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 -

Total Net Duty - - £.

1 2 6

126

— 76

— 15 —

126 1 2 6

— 126

— 126

— 6 io{

— 6 10}

7U3

Vol. 40.

8 X EXAMPLE,

Thirteenth Report oa Public Accounts.

2i° Martii.

722

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounls.

A. 1785.

EXAMPLE, N* 10.

Cwt.

100 Gum Arabic.

Duty on Guni, 1765 Impost 1779 Impost 1782

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

£ s. d. £. s. d.

50 2 10 —

2 10 — — 26

2 10 — - — 26

55

T

N# 10.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is rated amongst Drugs at £. 1. *0 the Cwt. but by the 8 George 1st, Cap. 15, the Duties arising from that Rate are repealed, it being, if regularly imported, entered and landed Duty-free; since which a Duty has been imposed on Gum Arabic, being a specific Sum, unconnected with the Rate, viz*.

By what Act granted.

5 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 37.

19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Duty on Gum 17651 which is for every Hundred Weight 6 d.amounting on 100 Cwt. to -

— Impost 1779 being 5 per Cent, thereon - -

— Impost 1782 - - - - D* -

C s. d.

2 10 —

— 26

— 26

Total, Net Duty

2 15 _

EXAMPLE,

25 Geo. Ill

723

210 Martii%

EXAMPLE,

N* ,1.

Certain Cowries sold at the East India Company’s Sale

*> »oo, the reduced Value on which is £. 75. 4.

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts,

Old Subsidy -New Subsidy 4- Subsidy 4- Subsidy Subsidy 1747 Subsidy 1759 Impost 1692

Impost 1779 Impost 1782

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

£. s. 75 4 — £ s. d. 3 15 21

" 75 4 — 3 15 2{

25 1 4 5 1

50 2 8 2 10 1|

100 5

100 5

- 1 00 0 1 r* 1 7 10 5

576 28 16 — 1 8 9i

- 28 16 — 1 8 9*

c 633 12 —

N° u.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS

S Op COMPUTATION.

°» ^the " *» v">". *kich is ,he Price „ lhe indi, Compsn/s S(le.

By what Act granted.

12 Chai 2nd, Cap. 4.

9 & 10 JVm 3rd, Cap. 23. ,2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9. 3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

32 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 10. 4 Wm & Mary, Cap. 5.

19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it i3 i5able are,

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on the Value or Price reduced, as hereafter explained -

— New Subsidy -

— 4- Subsidy -

— \ Subsidy - -

— Subsidy 1747 -

D° -

of Part of the New Subsidy \ Parts of D°

5 per Cent, on the Gross P/ice, without Reduction

— Subsidy 1759

— Impost 1692

D° -

10 perCent. on the Value or Price reduced, as for the Old Sub-

— Impost 1779

— Impost 1782

sidy- -

5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former-Duties 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779

£ S. d

3 15 2}

3 15 2 *

1 5 1

2 10 if


5 ——

7 10 5 1 3 9i

i 8 91

Total Net Duty -

- C-

3'

7k

Vol. 40.

Of

724 2I° Ma1785.

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

Of the Nature of the Duties on unrated East India Goods it is not easy to convey, to Persons unacquainted with the general System of the Customs, a clear and precise Idea; it is attempted in the following Observations.

By the 2nd and 3d Ann, Cap. 9, it is directed,' That the Value according to which the Duties on unrated

East India Goods (which till that Time were ascertained by the Oath of the Importer) are to be paid in

future, shall be reckoned according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall be sold, making certain Allowances therefrom; these Allowances were — so much as the Net Duties amounted to — Six per Cent, allowed the Company for Charges — and also so much as the Company shall allow the Buyers for prompt Payment —

the Remainder is what is called at the Custom House the reduced Value, and on which the Duties existing at

the Time of passing the Act (8th March 1703) have ever since been computed. The Reason that induced the Legislature to direct these Allowances was probably this — The Duties on unrated Goods were due on Importation, and were payable according to the Value, to be ascertained by the Oath of the Importer, and in which Valuation the Duties were not included — and, as unrated East India Goods are sold by the Company free of Customs to the Buyer, the Price will be increased in Proportion to the Amount of the Duty — therefore the altering the Mode of ascertaining the Value of those Goods, from the Oath at the Time of Importation to the Gross Price at the Sale, would have been a material Loss to the Company had not the Act which directed the Alteration provided ne Remedy — therefore the Deductions to be made are to be considered as reducing the Gross Price at the Sale as near as can be to the real Value of the Goods at the Time of Importation. The Operation is thus performed:

Certain Cowries sold at the East India Company’s Sale for -

From this Sum must be deducted the Allowance made to the Company for Charges; viz*. 6 per Cent....

And also as much as the Duties then payable amounted to.

£ * d-100-----

6----

94 --

These Duties were,

Old Subsidy New Subsidy Subsidy -4 Subsidy -Impost 1692

£ s. d

5-----

- 5----

- 1 13 4

-368 -10----

Total - - 25---- But, in order to ascertain the real Net

Duties to be deducted, the following Statement will be necessary: — As £ 125, which is the Gross Price with the Gross Duty added thereto, is to £ 25, which is the Gross Duty only — so is £.94 to the real Net Duty....

The Remainder is the Value or Price, properly reduced, and on which the Old Duties are to be computed -

The Truth of this Mode of ascertaining the reduced Value is thus demonstrated.

18 16 —

75 4 -

To the reduced Value Add the Net Duties thereon And the Allowance for Charges -

75 4 -18 16 — 6-----

100----

1

♦ The Allowance of 6f- per Cent, formerly made by the Company to the Buyers for prompt Payment, has lately been discontinued; therefor*

no Deduction has been made on that Account in this Computation.

EXAMPLE,

25 Geo. III.

2i° Ma.

725

EXAMPLE, N*i2.

Certain japanned or lacquer’d Wares, sold at the East India Company s Sale for £. 100.

Old Subsidy New Subsidy , 4 Subsidy Subsidy

Impost 1690

Impost 1779 Impost 1782

Gross Money Net Money as

as computed on entered in the

the Bills. Cash Book.

£ s. d. L- *'d.

100 5

r to - 100 5 r-

- - " 33 6 8 1 13 4

66 13 4 368

r - - - 100 5

) 100 — — 5

" " 400 — — 20

900

- 45 25 —

' ' " 45 2 5 —

990 — —

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N612.

EXPLANATION' OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

On this Article the Duties are, by the 12th and 13th TV" 3rd, Cap. 11, directed to be paid according to the true and real Value, to be ascertained by the Gross Price at which they shall be sold by the Candle — No Deduction is therefore made from such Price.

By what Act granted.

' 12 Chai 2nd, Cap. 4 9 & 10 TV" 3rd, Cap. 23

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2

32 Geo. '2nd, Cap. 10 2 TV" & Mary, Sess. 2. Cap. 4

19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent on that Price

— New Subsidy - - D° - - - - #

— 4 Subsidy - - - 4 Part of the New Subsidy -

— 4 Subsidy - - - 4 Parts of D#

— Subsidy 1747 - - 5 per Cent, on that Price

— Subsidy 1759 - - D° - -

— Impost 1690, which is on Manufactory of India or

China, 20 per Cent on the Rate or Price -

— Impost 1779 - - 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties

— Impost 1782 - - 5 perCent. on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 -

l- * d.

5-----

5-----

1 13 4 3 6 8

5-----

5-----

20----

25 —

2 5 —

Total Net Duty -

I-

49 10 —

Vol. 40.

8 y EXAMPLE,

Goo1

Thirteenth Report on Public Account*.

726

2i° Mar tit.

A. 1785.

EXAMPLE, NM3.

Certain Fur Linings for Garments (for private Use) Tawed, Value £.100; and for the New Duties,

Value £ 150.

Old Subsidy -New Subsidy Subsidy -5- Subsidy Subsidy 1747 Impost 1692 Duty on Hides, &ca. Additional Duty on D°

Impost 1779 Impost 1782

Gross Money as computed on the Bills.

100----

100----

33 6 8

66 13 4 100 — — 100 — — 450-----

450-----

1,400

70

70

I- i 1,540

Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

£ s.

5-----

5-----

1 13 4 368

5-----

5-----

22 10 — 22 10 —

N* 13.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article not being rated, the Old Subsidy, and also the other Duties that are framed on similar Principles,

arise from the First Value of £ 100.

By what Act granted.

12 Cha* 2nd, Cap. 4. 9 & 10 Wm 3rd, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

4 JVm & Mary, Cap. 5. 9 Ann, Cap. 12.

10 Ann, Cap. 26. 19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on that Value -

New Subsidy -f Subsidy -

-f Subsidy -

Subsidy 1747 - -Impost 169.2 - -

Duty on Hides, &ca.

D° -

-f Part of the New Subsidy -£ Parts of D°

5 per Cent, on the Value

D° - -

15 per Cent, on the 2d Valuation

of £150 -

It will probably seem extraordinary, that on the same Article of Merchandize Two distinct and different Valuations shall appear, and that both of them should originate in the Oath of the Importer; but it must be considered, that the First Value of £.100 (on which the former Duties are computed) is the Worth of the Goods at the Time of Importation; viz*, as they are on Ship-board, and before Payment of any Duty; and that the Second Value of £.150 (on which this Branch is computed) is supposed to be their true and real Value, without any Abatement for this or any former Duty — which occasions the Difference in the Values — but the Proportion here adopted is not warranted by any positive Law, but is inserted in Conformity to the usual Practice in the Port of London -

Additional Duty on Hides, &c\ is similar to the precede

ing one -

Impost 1779? 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all for-

mer Duties -

Impost 1782, 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former

Duties, except the Impost 1779 - - - .

Total Net Duty

5 —

5 —

1 13

3 6

<!.

4

5-----

22 10 —

22 10 3 10

3 10

77 —

EXAMPLE,

as Geo. Ill

2i° Martii.

1*J

Example, N‘14.

20 Ream French Royal Paper for the New Duties*

lo Ream Atlas, Fine.

10 Ream Super Royal, Fine.

TKrta&Oi Report on Public Accomftto

Gross Money Net Money as

as computed on entered in the

the Bills. Cash Book.

L s. d.

Old Subsidy - 1 - -20 — —

New Subsidy - - - - 20 — — 1

4 Subsidy - 6 13 4- — 6 8

r Subsidy - 13 6 8 — 13 4

Subsidy 1747 - - - - 20 1

Subsidy 1759 - - - - 20 — -H- 1 — —

Impost 1692 - - - - ioo 5

French Duty - - - 100 5

Duty on Soap, Paper, &ca. - - - 280 - 14

Additional Duty, D° - - - - ,40 — - — 7

Duty on Paper, 1784 - - - " 140 ' 7,

860

Impost 1779 - - - 43 2 3 —

Impost 1782 - - - 43 2 3 —

£ 946

N° 14. . '

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is rated at £. i the Ream.---- The Amount of 20 Ream at that Rate, is £.20.

fcy what Act granted.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

12 Cha* 2nd, Cap. 4. 9 & 10 JVm 3, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

32 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 10. 4 JVm & Mary, Cap. 5.

7 & 8 JVm 3rd, Cap. 20. 10 Ann, Cap. 19.

12 Ann, Stat. 2. Cap. 9. 24 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 18.

19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25. 22d Geo. 3rd, Cap. OG.

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on the Rate -

— New Subsidy, which is D°

— -f Subsidy - - - -f Part of the New Subsidy

— Subsidy - - - -f Parts of D°

— Subsidy 1747 - - 5 per Cent, on the Rate

— Subsidy 1759 - - D°

— Impost 1692 - - 25 per Cent, (as French Goods) on the Rate ---- — French Duty - - - D°

— Duty on Soap, Paper, &c8. This Duty is a specific

Sum per Ream, according to the particular Sort or Quality of the Royal Paper, independent of the former Duties, which were relative to the general Term of Royal only; viz*.

10 Ream Atlas, Fine, at 16/. per Ream, is - £. 8------

10 Ream Super Royal, Fine, at 12/. D° - - G----

— Additional Duty on Soap, Paper, See*, is the preceding

one -

— Duty on Paper, 1784 — is constructed on similar Principles

with the Two former Duties; viz*.

10 Ream Atlas, at 10/. per Ream, is - - £. 5 ——

10 Ream Royal, at 4/. D° - - - 2-----

— Impost 1779 — being 5 per Cent on the Total Amount of all the before-mentioned Duties -

— Impost 17 82 — being 5 per Cent on the Total Amount of all other Duties, except the Impost

1779 -

Total Net Duty - - £.

I s. d.

— 68 ^13 4

5----

5----

14-----

7-----

7----

23 —

23 —

47 6 —

Vo l. 40.

EXAMPLE,

Thirteenth Report on Public Account!.

728 "r 21 Marti 1785.

EXAMPLE, N° 15. 400 lbs. Italian Thrown Silk.

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money aa entered in the Cash Book.

Old Subsidy - New Subsidy of Subsidy - - - 4 Subsidy - Subsidy 1747 Impost 1692 Silk and Lead 1784 1 1 I 1 1 I I 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 III £. s. 383 6 8 383 6 8 127 15 6 255 11 — 383 6 8 333 6 8 800 jr. s. d. 19 3 4 19 3 4 6 7 91 12 15 6i 19 3 4 16 13 4 40

Impost 1779 -Impost 1782 - - 1 1 I 1 > 1 3,6G6 13 2 133 6 8 133 6 8 6 13 4 6 13 4

I- 2,933 6 6

N* 15.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article is rated at 1 6 s.8 d.the Pound. — The Amount of 400 lbs. at that Rate, is £.333. 6. 8.

By what Act granted.

12 Cha* 2nd, Cap. 4-

The

9 & 10 TV1* 3rd, Cap. 2.3,

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9

3 & 4 Arni> Cap. 5 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

4 TVn & Mary, Cap. 5.

24 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 49. 19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are,

Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on the Rate £. 16 13 4

The 5 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 29, having reduced the Duties then payable on Raw Silk, and made an Addition to that on Thrown Silk of 6d.

per lb. with a Proviso, that it should be applied to those Branches w'hich composed the Duties on Raw Silk — the Proportion to be charged to the Old Subsidy will be 1 \d. per lb. which on the above Quantity is - - - 2 10 —

'New Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on the

Rate.....‘ - 16 13

To which must be added the same Proportion of the 6d. per lb. as to’the Old Subsidy,

&c\ - - 2 10 —

± Part of the New Subsidy 4- Parts of D°

-f Subsidy, which is

4 Subsidy, - - , ——

Subsidy 1747, - 5 per Cent, on the Rate - 16 13

To which must be added the same Proportion

of the 6d. per lb. as to the Old Subsidy - - 2 10 —

Impost 1692, 5 per lb. being Raw Silk -Silk and Lead, of any Rate, Impost 1779 —

per Cent, on the Rate, no Part of the 6 d. applied to this Branch, it not operating on

1784 — -This is a specific Duty, independent of 2 s. the Pound -

being 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all the above-mentioned Duties - — Impost 1782 — being 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all the above-mentioned Duties, except the Impost 1779 - .

Total Net Duty -

L

L- s- d.

19 3 4

19 3 4 6 7 91 12 15

19 3 4

16 13 4

40----

6 13 4

6 13 4

146 13 4

EXAMPLE,

21° Martii.

95 Geo. Ilf.

729

EXAMPLE, N° 16.

700 lbs. Nutmegs.

Old Subsidy - - .

New Subsidy -of Subsidy -\ Subsidy -Duty on Spice, &c\ Additional Duty on D*

Duty on Pepper, Spice, &c\ Subsidy 1747 -Subsidy 1759 -

Impost 1779 -Impost 1782 -

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

£. s. d. £ * d.

105 5 5 —

- 105 — — 5 5 —

35 1 15 —

- 70 3 10 —

- 105 5 5 —

- 105 5 5 —

- 525 26 5-

105 5 5 —

105 5 5 —

1,260 63 3 3 —

63 3 3 —

£ 1,386

N° 16.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

This Article was originally rated at 8 s. the Pound; but by the 8th Geo. 1st, Cap. 15, altered to 3$. D*, on which reduced Rate the Duties are now computed. — The Amount of 700 lbs. at that Raie, is £. 105.

By what Act granted.

12 Chof 2nd, Cap. 4. 9 & 10 Wm 3rd, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 A Cap. 9.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 6 & 7fVm3rd, Cap. 7.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 4-

8 Ann, Cap. 7.

21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2. 32 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 10.

19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25.

22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which it is liable are.

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent, on the Rate

— New Subsidy - - I)°....

— 4- Subsidy - - - 4 Part of the New Subsidy -

— 4 Subsidy - - - 4 Parts of D* -

— Duty on Spice, &c*. 5 per Cent on the Rate

— Additional Duty on D* - D*

— Duty on Pepper, Spice, &c\ — This Branch is computed

from the Total Amount of all the Duties payable on this Article when this Branch was imposed, it' being intended the Duties should then be doubled

— Subsidy 1747 - - is 5 per Cent, on the Rate

— Subsidy 1759 - - D° -

— Impost 1779 5 per Cent on the Total Amount of all former Duties

— Impost 1782 - - 5 per Cent on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 -

Total Net Duty - -

£ s. d. 5 5 — 5 5 — 1 15 — 3 10 — 5 5 — 5 5 —

26 5 — 5 5 — 5 5 —

3 3 —

3 3 —

69 6 —

V o L. 40.

Z EXAMPLE,

Thirteenth

Report on Public Accounts,

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

730

'll6 Mattii. A. 1785.

E X A U P L E, N* 17.

3 Cwt. Italian bound Books.

Old Subsidy -New Subsidy - J

-f Subsidy J

4- Subsidy - - J

Subsidy 1747- J

Impost 1692 - - J

Impost 17^9 -Impost 1782 -

Gross Money as computed on the Bills. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

£. s. d. £. ».

10 10 — , — 10 6

10 10 — — 10 6

3 10 — — 3 6

7 — 7 —

10 10 — ' — 10 6

10 10 — , — 10 6

52 10 —

212 6 — 2 7 i

2126 — 2 7 i

57 15-;

N* 17.

EXPLANATION OF THE PROCESS OF COMPUTATION.

The Duty on bound Books, formerly payable ad valorem, was by the gth Geo. 1st, Cap. 19, repealed, and a specific Sum of 14s. the Hundred Weight imposed in lieu thereof; which being directed to be appropriated to those Branches that composed the fornfeer Duties, the feigned Rate of £.3. to per Centl has been adopted. — The Duties arising from which will produce the above Sum of 14s. The Amount of 3 Cwt. at the feigned Rate of £3. 10. is £. 10. 10.

By what Act granted.

12 Cha*. 2nd, Cap. 4. 9 & 10 fVm 3rd, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

4 Wm & Mary, Cap. 5. 19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25.

22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

„ The Branches to which it is liable are,

The Old Subsidy, which is 5 per Cent On the Rate

— New Subsidy - - D# - -

— 4 Subsidy - - - 4 Part of the New Subsidy -

— 4 Subsidy - - - 4 Parts of D8 - -

— Subsidy 1747. This Branch has been imposed since the

Alteration of the Duties on bound Books; but being a general 5 per Cent, on the Rate or Value of Goods liable to the Subsidy of Poundage, it has been practically taken at 5 per Gent on the above feigned Rate of £. 3. 10. per Cent....

— Impost 1692 - - is 5 per Cent on D°

— Impost 1779 " " 5 per Cent on the Total Amount of all former Duties

— Impost 1782 - - 5 per Cent on theiTotal Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 -

Total Net Duty - - £.

£ s. d. — TO 6

— 10 6

- 3_6

10 6 10 6 2 7*

— 2 7§

2 17 9

EXAMPLE,

25 Geo. III. ar° Matiii.

EX All P L BV N* i&

Undated Class' Plhtes (French)'Value^. io&, Weighin»6fr'lbs<

Thirteenth Report od Public Accounts.

CMd Subsidy New Subsidy -f Subsidy - -

*§- Subsidy -Subsidy 1747 Impost v6ga French Duty Duty on Glass 1777

Impost 17^9) Impost 1782

Gross Monty as computed1 on the Bilk. Net Money as entered in the Cash Book.

£ s. d.. £’ * d.

: 150 7 10 —

! 150 7 10- —

: 50 2 10 —

100 5

i 100 ! 5

500 25

500 25

213 6 8 10 13 4

1,763 6 8

88 3 4 482

88 3 4 4 8 2

1.939 13 4

Nd i 8v

explanation of the1 process of computation.

'This Article not being rated' the several Subsidies ard computed according to the sworn V'alue of £ 100.

By what Act granted.

— ... 1 — ______- ’

12 Chef 2nd', Cap. 4. 1

9 & 10 fVm 3rd, Cap. 3.

2 & 3 Ann Cap. 5.

3 & 4 Ann, Cap. 5.:

21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

4 W« & Mary, Cap. 5.

7 & 8 JV3rd, Cap. 30.

17 Geo. 3rd, Cap.-39.

1 j Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25. 22 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 66.

The Branches to which' it is1 liable are,

£. st dl

The Old Subsidy, which is 7f per Cent, on that Value

— New Subsidy - - - D° -

— -f Subsidy - - - - 4 Part of the New Subsidy -

— 4 Subsidy - - - - 4 Parts of B* -

— Subsidy 1747 - - - 5 per Cent, on the 'Value -

— Impost 1692. - - - 25 per Cent, (as French) on D* -

— French Duty - - - D° -

— Duty on Glass 1-777. — This Branch is a specific Sum

chargeable on the Weight, being 1 s. 4 for every Pound of Plate, and certain other Species of Glass mentioned in the Act, and is entirely unconnected with the Value. — The Amount of this Duty on the above Quantity is ——

— Impost 1779 - - is 5 per Cent, on the Total Amount of all former Duties -

— Impost 1782 - - - 5 perCent. on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the Impost 1779 -

7 10 —

7* x o —

2 10 — 5-----

25----

25----

10 13 4 482

482

Total Net Duty

96 19 8

Vol. 40.

TEA,

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

73a ax0 -Marin. A. 1785.

TEA, sold for 100.

The Customs on this Article, prior to the 15th Septerriber 1784, were ascertained by the Price at" the East India Company’s Sale; some of the Branches arose from the gross Price, and others from the Value, when reduced by certain Deductions, similar to those explained in the Example of Cowries, N° 11.

This Article, prior to the 15th September 1784, was liable to the following Branches:

By what Act granted.

12 Chtf 2nd, Cap. 4.

9 & 10 W» 3rd, Cap. 23.

2 & 3 Ann, Cap. 9.

3 & 4AnCap. 5. 21 Geo. 2nd, Cap. 2.

32 Geo. 2nd, Cap. xo. 4 ff" & Mary, Cap. 5.

19 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 25.

The Old Subsidy,

— New Subsidy

— -f Subsidy -

— -f Subsidy -

— Subsidy 1747

which is 5 per Cent on £.72. 18. 4. the Value properly reduced -

- - D* ....

... 4 Part of the New Subsidy -. . - 4 Parts of D*

. - 5 per Cent on 100, the gross Price -

— Subsidy 1759

— Impost 1692

- - D*....

- - 5 per Cent on the reduced Value -

£ «. i

3 12 11 3 12 11

1 4 3{

2 8 7i

5-----

5-----

3 12 xi

24 n 8

— Impost 1779

— Impost 1782

Total Net Duty, prior

- 5 per Cent on the Total Amount of all former Duties - - I 4 7

- 5 per Cent on the Total Amount of all former Duties, except the

Impost 1779 - - x 4 7

to the 15th September 1784

27 — 10

TEA, sold for £. 100. Since the 15th September 1784.

The former Duties were, by the 24 Geo. 3rd, Cap. 38, repealed; and from the 15th September 1784 all Tea delivered by the East India Company became liable only to a Duty of £. 12. xo. per Cent, on the gross Price at their Sale; this Sum, being applicable to those Branches of which the former Duties were composed, the due Proportion to each can only be ascertained by the following Statement: — As £. 27. — xo, the former Total Duty on Tea sold for £100, is to £. 12. 10, the present Total Duty — so is £. 3. 12. 11, the former Old Subsidy, to the Portion now to be charged to that Branch. — The Subsidies 1747 and 1759 also require a separate Operation.

The Appropriation of the present Duty is as follows:

To the Old Subsidy, the Sum of -New Subsidy -4 Subsidy -4 Subsidy -Subsidy ! 747 -Subsidy 1759 -Impost 1692 -

Impost 1779 -Impost 1782 -

The present Net Duty

£ s.

- 1 13 81

1 13 81

— IX 3

1 2 51

2 6 2f

2 6 2f

- 1 13 H

11 7 3

- — 11 4f

— 11 4i

12 10 —

Although nothing can be more simple in its Nature, or more easily understood by the Importer or Exporter, than a Duty and Drawback of £.12. xo. per Cent, on the gross Price or Value of an Article, when that Value is ascertained by public Sale, yet to the Computing Officer, who is under the Necessity of preserving separately the precise Sum to be appropriated to each Branch, in the Proportions before stated, a new Source of Difficulty arises, and an Operation tedious and perplexing becomes unavoidably necessary.

Frewin.

19th Janrr 1785.

N*67.

2Martii

N* 67.

An ACCOUNT of the Duties on the several Species of Wine.

733f

Thirteenth Report on Public Accoants.

FRENCH. PORTUGAL. SPANISH. RHENISH.

By what Acts granted. ... £. $. d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d.

12 Chef 2d, Cap. 4th. Old Subsidy <_ 3 19 2A 3 19 2A 3 *9 2A 5 5 7r4

9 & 10 Will 3d, Cap. 23d. New Subsidy . 3 19 2A 3 19 2 A* 3 19 2A 5 5 7 A*

2d & 3d Ann, Cap. 9th. 4* Subsidy - - 1 6 444 1 6 444 1 6 444 1 15 2A

3d & 4th Ann, Cap. 5th. 4. Subsidy - - 2 12 944 2 12 944 2 12 944 3 10 444

12th Chef 2d, Cap. 4th. Additional Duty - 2 12 944 2 12 944 3 1.0 444 2 12 944:

18th Cka* id, Cap. 5th. Coinage - 10 — — 10 — — . 10 — — 10

1 Jac. 2d, Cap. 3d. Impost - 7 — 10 11 2A 10 11 2A 10 11 2 -r*

4 TV"1 & Mar. Cap. 5th. New Impost 8 —

7 & 8 TVm 3d, Cap. 20th. 25 per Ton - 2.5 — —

18 Geo. 2d, Cap. 9th. New Duty 1745 - - 8 — — 4 — — 4 — — - 4 — — f

3d Geo. 3d, Cap. 12. New Duty 1763 - - 8 — — 4 — 4 — — 4 — ' —

18 Geo. 3d, Cap. 27th. New Duty 1778 - - 8 8 — 4 4 — 4 4 — 4 4 —

20 Geo. 3d, Cap. 30th. New Duty 1780 - - 8 — — . 4 — — 4 — — 4 — —

87 9 2A 41 15 7 A 42 13 2 Ar 45 14 9«

19 Geo. 3d, Cap. 25th Additional Impost 1779 4 7 fio 1 DTV T 2 1 9*t 2 ' 2 7t4t 2 5

22 Geo. 3d, Cap. 46. Additional Impost 1782 4 7 r i 0 1 j-ms t 2 1 9A4 2 2 8 l /TffT 2 5 8^i

Total Duties 1784 £ 96 4 1 8 + 45 19 4618 6A-t 50 6 3 At

Hutchinson H. Browne, Computer.

N* 68.

The DUTIES paid at Importation on Reams, containing 4°° Square Yards French ordinary Painted Paper unrated, valued (upon the Oath of the Importer) at £ 20 for the Old Duties, and at £ 30 for the New Duties 1712 and 1714.

£ s.

12 Chef 2, C. 4. — Old Subsidy - -

9 & 10 IV.3, C. 23. — New Subsidy ‘

2 & 3 Ann, C. 9. — f Subsidy -

3 & 4 Am, C. 5. — \ Subsidy ....

21 Geo. 2, C. 2. — Subsidy 1747 -

32 Geo. 2, C. 10. — Subsidy 1759 *

4 & 5 TV.& M. C. 5. — Impost 1692....

7 & 8 Wm3, C. 20. — French Duty 1696 -

10 Am, C. 19. — Duty on Soap, Paper, &c*. 1712 -

12 Ann, C. 9. — Additional Duty on Soap, Paper, &c*. 17*4 13 Geo. 3d, C. 67. — Duty on Painted Paper, 1773

24 Geo. 3, C. 18. — Additional Duty on Paper, 1784 "

19 Geo. 3, C. 25. — Impost 5 per Cent 1779 " " ‘ ' '

92 Geo. 3, C. 64. — Impost 5 per Cent. 1782 - *

Total *

— 68

— 13 4

5----

5----

4 10 — 4 10 —

2 10 —

— 2 —

1 6 74.

1 6 74

29 5

15 per Cent. 15 per Cent, if per Yard. 6d. per Ream.

10th November 1784.

TV. Sims, Clerk of the Rates.

Vol. 40.

9 A

N* 69,

i° Marta,

A. 1785

734

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Heads or Branches under which the Accounts of the Custom* are kept in the Receipt of the Exchequer; and to what Charges or Services the said Branches are severally applicable.

Heads or Branches of the Customs, Heads or Branches of the Customs, as kept

as kept at the Custom House. at the Exchequer.

Customs - /One Moiety to \ Subsidies, since 31st July 1712

i [The other Moiety to } Subsidies, since D® 1714

9 New Subsidy - Additional Tonnage, since 25th October 1760

3 Jd Subsidy - - - - Jd Tonnage, since 8th March 1706

4 fds Subsidy - fds Tonnage, since 8th March 1711

5 Subsidy- - 1747 /Additional Subsidy on Poundage, since lstl I March 1747 ----- -J

6 Subsidy- - - -1759 Ditto, 5th April 1759 -

1 Impost on Wines and Vinegar - Duty on Wines, since 31st July 1716

8 Impost on Tobacco Ditto Tobacco, since D°

9 Impost 1690, Silk, Ac1. - East India Goods, since D® - -

10 Additional Impost - - 1692 Additional Impositions, since D° -

11 Wine - 1745 f Additional Duty on all Wines imported since I I Lady Day 1745 \

12 Wine - 1763 D® since 31st March 1763

*3 Wine - 1778 D® since 5th April 1778

H Wine, Starch, &c. - - 1780 D® since 10th May 1780

15 Spice and Pictures - /New Duty on Spices and Pictures, since 1 24th June 1724

16 Additional Spice, &c*. j Additional Duty on Spices and White Callicoes, \ since - D®

>7 2d £. 25 per Cent. - £. 25 per Ton, on French Wine imported

18 Whale Fins - /Additional Duty on Whale Fins, since 3istl i July 1716 J

19 £. 15 per Cent, on Muslins £. 15 per Cent, on East India Wrought Silks -

20 Coynage on Wines - Coynage Duty on Wines -

21 Duty on Pepper and Grocery /Duty on Pepper and Raisins, since 6th Fe-\ bruary 1709 -

22 Duty on Hides - - Duty on Hides, since 24th June 1711 - -1 /Additional Duty on Hides, Starch, and Drugs, ( since 10th June 1712 - - - -f

3 Additional Duty on Hides

H Duty on Soap - Duty on Soap, since D° - - - -J

25 Additional Duty on Soap Additional Duty on Soap, since 2d August 1714

26 Sail Cloth - Foreign Sail Cloth, since Michaelmas 1715

27 Duty on Candles - Duty on Candles, since 25 March 1711-

28 Additional Duty on Candles AdditionalDuty on Candles, since 1st May 1715

29 Wrought Plate - Duty on Wrought Plate, since 5th July 1720 -

30 /Subsidy Outwards, on Goods'! \ exported - - - - J Duty on Goods exported, since 8th March 1710

31 Goals exported, 1714 - Coals exported since 2d August 1714 -

32 Coals exported, 1757 Additional Coals exported, since 5th July 1757

33 /Coals exported, and East Indial \ Goods, 1765 - - -J Coals and East India Goods, A® 1765 -

34 Subsidy on Spirits - w Duty on Brandy, since Michaelmas 1736

35 Coynage on Spirits Coynage Duty on Spirits, since D° -

3^ Coals, 3s. per Chaldron - Coals since Michaelmas 1710 -

37 Coals, 2 if. per Chaldron Duty on Coals, since 8th March 1710 -

38 Coals for Churches Duty on Coals, since 25th March 1719 -

39 Duty on Glass, 1777 Duty on Glass, since 5th July 1777

40 Duty on Linen Yam

41 Duty on Apples - - Apples imported - -

Services to which the Heads or Branches of the Customs are applicable.

f For Annuities per 2d Act 1708. Surplus to the i Aggregate Fund.

For the Aggregate Fund.

For Ditto.

Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities A° 1706 and 1707. The Annuities per 1st Act 1708, are charged upon the Surplus of this Fund, and the remaining Surplus is carried t» the Aggregate Fund.

Aggregate Fuhd.

Sinking Fund.

Ditto.

South Sea Company's Original Fund.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Sinking Fund, after reserving sufficient for Payment of the Annuities granted on Lives, A0 1745.

Sinking Fund.

/Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities* I A0 1778.

/Part «f the Fund for Payment of Annuities \ A° 1780.

Aggregate Fund.

South Sea Company's Original Fund.

/Repealed for Two Years, and £.18 per Cent

i substituted in its room. Aggregate Fund.

For the Mint, for the Expence of Coynagein England and Scotland.

Part of the Fund for Payment of £. 9 per Cent. Annuities.

General Fund.

/Part of the Fund for Lottery, A® 1714. Surplus I carried to the Sinking Fund.

Aggregate Fund.

General Fund.

South Sea Company's Original Fund.

Sinking Fund.

General Fund.

/Part of the Fund for Lottery, A0 1714. Surplus \ carried to the Sinking Fund.

Sinking Fund.

Sinking Fund.

Aggregate Fund.

Ditto.

Lottery, A01710. Surplus to the Aggregate Fund. General Fund.

For the Bank. Surplus to the Sinking Fund. fSinking Fund, after reserving sufficient for < Payment of Annuities granted on Lives, I A° 1746.

fCarried to several Branches of Customs, and < made a Part of those Branches in the Ex-[ chequer.

Unappropriated.

42 Duty


25 GEb. III. 1° Martii.

735

Heads or Branches of the Customs, as kept at the Custom House.

Heads or Branches of the Customs, as kept at the Exchequer.

Services to which the Heads or Branches of the Customs are applicable.

4*

43

44

45

4$

47

48

49

5«

51

52

53

54

55

56

57

58

59 €0

61

62

«4

65

66

67

68

96

97

98

99 loo

Duty on «hraU4i Goods

Unrated Goode imported, undervalued

Beaver Skins -Duty on Gum Senega, 1752 -] fDuty on Gum Senega, 1765} I a»d 1774 - - -J

Crapes and Tiffanies, 1766 -Duty on Hops -

East India Wrought Silks, 1766 -Cambricks and Sugars, 1766

Drillings and Broad Linens, 1767

Canvas and Lawns, 1767 - -

Duty on Cotton Wool -

Additional Impost, 1779 , -Additional Impost, 1782

Additional Duty on Tobacco, 1781

Tobacco and Sugars, 1781 -Duty on Verdigrease, 1781 -

Tobacco, Snuff, and Brandy, 1782 Duty on Wax, 1782 -Rice, 1773

Duties on Gum Senega - -

Silk Crapes, &ca. since 1st August 1766 -Hops, since ist August 1715 -

East India Wrought Silks, oince let August 1766! Cambricks and Sugars, since 1st August 1766 -Drillings and Broad Linens, since ist August 1767

Canvas and Lawns, since 1st August 1767 -Duty on Cotton Wool, since 1st January 1780

25m i Ja

f 18 per Cent, on Muslins, Cal-'l \ licoes, &ca. -J

Additional Duty on Paper, 1784 Bricks and Tiles, 1784 Coffee and Cocoa, 1784 Cotton Stuffs, 1784 -

Silk and Lead, 1784 - k -Hats, 1784 -

Plate, 1784 -

Enumerated Duties -Duties per 6 Geo. II. and Geo. III. Duties per 6 Geo. IH. - -

Fines und Forfeitures -Seizures per Ships of War -

Additional Subsidy, A° 1779 -

{Additional Impositions, since 5th and 25th! July 1782 -

Additional Duty on Tobacco, since 1st

nuary 1781....

Tobacco and Sugars, since 5th April 1781 -Verdigrease, since 24th June 1781 -

Tobacco, Snuff, and Brandy, since'ist Jurte 1782

Duty on Wax, since25th July 1782 -

Subsidy on Rice exported, which was im-l ported Duty-free - - - /

18 per Cent, on East India Wrought Silks 1 and Muslins - - - -J

Additional Duty 011 Paper, since 10th August]

1784.....1

Duty on Bricks and Tiles, since 1st Septem- ( her 1784 ----- -J

Duty on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, since 15 Sep- tember 1784 ----- -j Duty on Linens and Stuffs, since ist October 1784 - -

Duty on Silk and Lead, since 20th September . 1784 - - - - ‘ ’

{Duty on Hats imported, since- 1st October 1784 - -

fDuty on Plate, since 1st December 1784,

\ 10 per Cent. A° 1784 -

PLANTATION DUTIES.

Plantation Duty, since Michaelmas 1715 -Duties on Sugars, &c. since 29th September 1764 Melasses, &c. since 1st November 1766 -Fines and Forfeitures, since 25th October 1760 -Seizures per Ships of War - .

Sinking Fund.;

fCarned to several Branches of Customs, and \ made a Port of those Branches in the Ex-[ chequer.

Unappropriated.

Sinking Fund.

Aggregate Fund.

Sinking Fund.

Unappropriated.

Sinking Fund.

{For the Encouragement of raising Hemp and Fiax in England and Scotland.

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Cotton in the Leeward Islands, &c*.

Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities,

A»i77 9.

Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, A0 1782.

Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, Aw 1780. linking Fund.

Unappropriated.

"Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, A0 1782.

Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, A° 1782.

Unappropriated.

Aggregate Fund, in lien of £.15 per Cent, on Muslins repealed.

Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, A° 17*4-

Unappropriated.

Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities A0.1784; and the Annuities after the Rate of £.5 per Cent, on the Capital of £.6,879,341. 195. 6 d. being for Certificates for Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

Aggregate Fund. Unappropriated. Unappropriated. Aggregate Fund. Aggregate Fund.

Exchequer, the iath Day of

February .785. John Hugh,*.

Vol. 4®.

N*

70-

Thirteenth

Report on Public Accounts,

Thirteenth Report on Public Atcounts.

2i° Mar tit. . 1785.

N* 70.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT to what Funds the Duties of the Customs are carried, when paid into the Exchequer, and what Branches of the said Duties are kept under distinct and separate Heads.

37

30

22

27

24

23

4

1

1.5

16

47

26

96

17

34

35 2

8

too

28 10

7

8

9

18

29

5

6

32 12 46

48

33

50

56 42 4i 98 60

49 97

44

45

57 64

38

3i

25

36

11

Duty on Coals, since 8th March 1710 -

----- Goods exported, since D#

---- Hydes, since 24th June 1711 -

--- — Candles, since 25th March 1711 -

---- Soap, since 10th June 1712 -

Additional Duty on Hydes, Starch, and Drugs, since D#

ds Tonnage, since 8th March 1711 - -

I Subsidy, since 31st July 1714 New Duty on Spices and Pictures, since 24th June 1714 Additional D* - - on White Callicoes, since D*

Duty on Hops, since 1st August 1715 - - ,

Foreign Sail Cloth, since Michaelmas 1715 -

Plantation Duty, since D°

25^. per Ton on French Wines imported - -

Duty on Brandy, since Michaelmas 1736 *

Coynage Duty on Spirits, since D° -Additional Tonnage, since 25th October 1760 -

Fines and Forfeitures, since D° - -

i8£. per Cent, on East India Wrought Silks and Muslins, August 1783, in lieu of £15 perCent on Muslins, and

by Act 23 Geo. 3d-....

Seizures by Ships of War -

Additional Duty on Candles, since 1st May 1715 -Additional Impositions, since 31st July 1716 - -

Duty on Wines, since D° -

- Tobacco, since D° ——

— *----- East India Goods, since D* - -

Additional Duty on Whale Fins, since D° - -

Duty on Wrought Plate, since 5th July 1720 -

Additional Subsidy on Poundage, since 1st March 1747

D°.....since 5th April 1759 -

Additional Duty on Coals, exported since 5th July 1757

D# - - - all Wines, imported since 31st March 1763

Silk Crapes, &c. since 1st August 1766 -

East India Wrought Silks, since D# -

Coals and East India Goods, since 1st June 1765 -

Drillings and Broad Linens, since 1st August 1767

Tobacco and Sugars, since 5th April 1781-

Unrated Goods imported under-valued -

Apples imported.....-

Melasses, &c\ since 1st November 1766 -Subsidy on Rice exported, which was imported Duty-free Cambricks and Sugars, since 1st August 1766 -

Sugars, since 29th September 1764 -

| Duties on Gum Senega

Verdigrease, since 24th June 1781 -

Duty on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, since 15th September 1784

Duty on Coals, since 25th March 1719 -

General Fund.

) Aggregate Fund.'

since 1st repealed

Coals exported, since 2d August 1714 Additional Duty on Soap, since D" -

Coals, since Michaelmas 1710 -

Additional Duty on all Wines imported since Lady Day ] 745

> I South Sea Company’s Original / Fund.

> Sinking Fund.

> Unappropriated Revenues.

'For the Bank of England; the Surplus carried to the Sinking Fund.

Part of the Fund for Lottery A* 1714; the Surplus carried to the Sinking Fund.

For Lottery A* 1710; Surplus carried to the Aggregate Fund.

Sinking Fund, after reserving sufficient for Payment of Annuities on Lives, granted

A’1745.

39 Duty

25 Geo. III.

2i° Martii.

39

21

n

53

*4

55

54 59 58

63

66

62

65

67

68

52

20

5i

Duty on Glass, since 5th July 1777 *

Subsidy, since 31st July 1712

-J- Tonnage, since 8th March 1706

Duly on Pepper and Rabins, since 6th February 1709 -Additional Duty on Wines, since 5th April 1778

Additional Subsidy, Anno 1779 -

Additional Duty on Wines, since 10th May 1780 Additional Duty on Tobacco, since 1st January 1781 -

Additional Impositions, since 5 and 25 July 1782 Duty on Wax, since 25th July 1782 -Tobacco, Snuff, and Brandy, since 1st June 1782 -

Bricks and Tiles, since 1st September 1784 Silk and Lead, since 20th September 1784 -Additional Duty on Paper, since 10th August 1784 Duty on Linens and Stuffs, since 1st October 1784

- Hats, imported since D* - -

f - - Plate, since 1st December 1784 -

(^10 per Cent. Anno 1784 -

Duty on Cotton Wool, since 1st January 1780 -

Coynage Duty on Wines

Canvas and Lawns, since 1st August 1767

737

fSinking Fund, efier reserving J sufficient for Payment of Annuities on Lives, granted A0 1746.

Tor Annuities per 2d Act 1708; Surplus carried to the Aggregate Fund.

'"Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities A0 1706 and 1707; the Annuities per 1st Act 1708, are charged upon the Surplus of this Fund, and the remaining Surplus is carried to the Aggregate Fund.

(Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities 9 per Cent. Part of the Fund for Payment of Annuities A° 1778.

/Part of the Fund for Payment I of Annuities A° 1779.

/Part of the Fund for Payment I of Annuities Anno 1780.

J Part of the Fund for Payment 1 % of Annuities Anno 1782.

"Partof the Fund for Payment of Annuities A01784; and the Annuities after the Rate of £. 5 perCent. on the Capital

of £-6,879,341. *9- 6. being for Certificates for Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and'Ordnance Debentures.

{For the Encouragement of the Growth of Cotton in the Leeward Islands, &c.

(To the Mint, for the Expence of Coynage in England and Scotland.

{For the Encouragement of raising Hemp and Flax in England and Scotland.

Exchequer, the 12th Day of February 1785.

John Hughson,

Vo.r, 40*

9 B

N# 71.

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts,

2i° Mar Hi,

738

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N# 71.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT of the Services to which the General Fund is applicable.

To the South Sea Company, for Annuities after the Rate of £.3 perCent per Annum on the Principal Sum of £.6,255,747. 105. 4 d. to which the Sum of £.8,329,291. 25. 1 d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced/by abating from the same, £.2,073,543. 115. gd. for a proportionable Part of £. 9,737,118. 11 5. 7 d. redeemed of the said Company’s whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same, being Part of £. 9,534,357. 135. to which the Proprietors of the Orders

in the Fotfr Lotteries 1711 and 1712^ and the Debt dqe to certain Bankers and others, were entitled - - - -

187,6^2 8 6

To Ditto Company, for the like Annuities on the Principal Sum of £.562,205. 19 5. 4 d. to which the Sum of £.748,555. 195. 3d. subscribed into their % Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 186,350. — id. for a proportionable Part of £.9,737,118. 115. 7 d. redeemed of the said Company’s whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same, being Part of £.947,514. 7 5. 8 d. to which the Proprietors of certain Tallies of Sol were entitled, that were struck at the Exchequer, to make good sundry Deficiencies, Anno 1716 - - - .

16,866 . 3 7

To Ditto Company, for the like Annuities on the Principal Sum of £.909,370. 145. 3d. to which the Sum of £.1,210,792. 135. 8 d. subscribed into their Capital, is

reduced, by abating from the same £. 301,421. 195. 5 d. for a proportional Part of £.9,737,118. 115. 7 d. redeemed of the said Company’s whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same, being Part of £1,603,987. 85. 1 \d. to which the Proprietors of certain Army Debentures, made forth to 21st March 1719, were entitled - ....

27,281 2 5

To the South Sea Company, for the like Annuities on the Principal Sum of £.80,965. 155. 5 d. to which the Sum of £.107,802. 175. 4 d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 26,837. 15. 11 d. for a proportional Part of £ 9,737,118. 115. 7 d. redeemed of the said Company’s whole . Capital, and the Annuities attending the same, being Part of £.110,312. 175. 4 d. to which the Proprietors of certain Tallies of Sol were entitled, that were struck for the Service of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof -

2,428 19

To Ditto Company, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, claiming under them, the Sum of £. 3,596. 3 5. 5 d. per Annum, being such Part of £.8,862. 65 4 d. per Annum, Residue of £.12,000 per Annum, allowed them for Charges of Management, on Subscriptions, by the Act of 6° Georgii imi, as is chargeable on this Fund.....-

3,596 3 237,844 17

6

5

5

Exchequer, the 28th Day of February 1785.

John Hvghson.

‘N* 72.

2.1° Mar til

73?

25 Geo. III.

N* 72.

Thirtefutfk Report 011 Public; Account*

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT of the Services to which the Aggregate Fund is applicable.

To the Rank of England, on their reduced Annuity of £. 15,000, Remainder of their Annuity of £. 80,000, in lieu of £. 2,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, brought in to be

cancelled..... ——

To the South Sea Company, for Annuities, at the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 331,740. 11 s. 2 d. to which the Sum of £ 441,700, subscribed into their Capital, is reduced; being the Residue of £. 500,000, contributed on the

1st Lottery Anno 1719 -

To Ditto Company, for the like Annuities on the Principal Sum of £. 633,665. 16$. 9d. to which the Sum of £. 843,702. is. 8d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced; being the Residue of £. 1,079,000, contributed for the Public Service Anno 1715

To Ditto Company, for their Charges of Management on £.444. 12s. 6d. being such Part of £. 8,952. ii$. 8d. per Annum, as is charged on this Fund -To the Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries -

To the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on their reduced Annuity of £. 96,000, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum on the Company's Capital of £. 3,200,000 ——

To Ditto Company, for their Charges of Management on their several Annuities, at 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 300,000, by the Act 23d Gij. 2di, being such Part of £. 1,687. 10$. per Annum, as is charged on this Fund -To the Sheriffs of the several Counties of England and Wales, for defraying their Charges of taking forth their Letters Patent for their respective Offices, and passing their Accounts, and obtaining their Quietus ——

To the South Sea Company’s Original Fund, to make good thereto the Loss by repealing the Duty on rough and undressed Flax, by an Act £.

4° Gij. 2di..... 2,097 15 8

To Annuities per sd Act 1708 - - 1,152 17 10

£ s. d.

*5,000 ~ -r-

9,952 4 4

*9,009 19

444 12 6

656 — _

96,000-----

L2S5 14 4

4,000-----

For the Support of His Majesty’s Household - - - -

To his Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester, on the Annuity of £. 8,000, payable to him pursuant to an Act 70 Gij. Tertii -

To his Royal Highness Henry, Frederick Duke of Cumberland, on the like Annuity, payable to him pursuant to the above Act - - - .

To the Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esquire, on his Annuity of £. 3.000, payable to him pursuant to an Act 2* Gij. Tertii ——

To the Earl of Chatham, on his Annuity of £. 4,000, payable to him pursuant to an Act 18° Gij. Tertii - - -.....-

To George Lord Rodney, on his Annuity of £. 2,000, payable to him pursuant to an Act 230 Gij. Tertii.....- -

To Sir George Augustus Elliott, K. B. on his Annuity of £. 1,500, payable to him pursuant to the above Act.....-....

3,250 13 61 886,000 — -____

8.000 -

8.000 -

3.000 -

4.000 -

2,000----,

1,500-----

1,062,093 4 21

Exchequer, the 28th Day of February 1785.

John Hughs cm.

Vol. 40.

N" 73-

2i° Mar til

A. 1785

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

740

N* 73.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT of the Services to which the South Sea Funds are applicable.

Foods on which the South Sea Company's Capital is established. Capital remaining unredeemed. Annuities and Management payable per Annum.

jr. s. d. £ s. d.

Impost on Wines, Tobacco, &c. (Original Fund) 7,510,540 2 10 231,324 12 9

Duty on Coals Anno 1710, Subscriptions 5 Geo. l®* (Lot- 40,408 16 4

tery Anno 1710) - 1,311,974 10 8

On Subscriptions, pursuant to Act 6 Geo. l*1 -, Annuities, 4 fVilb* Sc Mary, on gd. per Barrel Excise, Annts. 34,583 9 7

14 per Cent - - - - 1,135,252 15 5

D#--5D*--- on yths gd. D° (Old Tonnage 135,9^5 16 8

Annts.) - ---- 4,142 4 1

D* - - 12D°, and 2 & 3 Anne, on £. 3,700 per Week Excise, &c. 1,805,807 2 8 55,005 17 10

D* - - 4 Anne, on -f Subsidy on Tonnage, &ca. (Annts. Anno 1706) 2,418,215 11 — i 73,660 3 10

D* - - 5 D* - - on Low Wines, &c\ (Annts. Anno 1707) 967,522 16 — 29,471 5 8

D* - - 6 D* - - on Surplus Aunty. Funds, 4 & 5 Anne (1st Act *1708) 530,086 8 3 16,146 14 6

D* - - 6 D° - - on £ Subsidy Tonnage & Poundage (Annts. 2d Act 1708) - 1,048,756 16 2 31,945 14 4

D* - - 8 D° - - on 3 d. per Barrel Excise (Annts. 9/. per Cent) - - - $99,233 18 5 21,299 1 1

D° - - 8 D° - - on Coals, &c\ (Lottery Anno 1710) - 324,222 10 4 9,876

Lottery Tickets Anno 1713, on Hereditary Excise 349,232 12 2 10,637 16 5

1,054,457 $ 1 32,119 7 2

Redeemable Debts on the Aggregate Fund ... 965,406 7 11 29,406 16 4

7,808,289 19 4 237,844 17 5

' 28,065,084 13 nf 857,872 17 4

Deduct so much of the Additional Capital as was") disposed of by the South Sea Company to thei 4,000,000 121,898 3 5

Bank of England ... , - J

£ 24,065,084 13 Hi 735,974 13 n

Exchequer, the 3d Day of March 1785.

John Hughson.

N‘

25 Geo. III.

2i° Martii.

741

N* 74.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT of the Services to which the Sinking Fund is applicable.

To the Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, 12 Months Annuity and Management, on £37,340,073. 16 s. 4d. Reduced Annuities Consolidated, at £ 3 per Cent, per Annum ——

To Ditto - -- - 12 Months Annuity and Management of £ 5,000,000, granted Anno 1777, at £ 4 per Cent, per Annum To Ditto - -.....- - - - 12 Months Annuity and Management on Ditto, at the Rate of 10 s. per Cent, per Annum . - - - - ,

To Ditto - -- -12 Months Annuity and Management on £ 3,000,000, granted Anno 1781, at £ 4 per Cent, per Annum To Ditto - -- -12 Months Annuity and Management on £ 57,920,924. 1 s. gi d. Consolidated Annuities, at £ 3 per Cent, per Annum - -

To Ditto ------ 12 Months Annuity and Management on the Long Consolidated Annuities - -

To Ditto.....-.-..--for Charges of Management of Annuities, Anno 1758.....-

To the Chief Cashier of the South Sea Company, 12 Months Annuity, at £ 3 per Cent, per Annum, on£ 1,919,600, and Management of Annuities, Anno 1751 The Survivors at the Exchequer, for 12 Months Annuity - -

For Life Annuities, Anno 1757, payable at the Exchequer for 12 Months - -

. d.

1,141,206 —

202,812 10 —

25,351 11 3

121,687 10 —

1,770,052 9 4i

251,741 — 3

2,801 13 8

58,667 15 6

540 — .

25,808 7 6

3,600,668 17 7

Memorandum; — The Sinking Fund is charged with the Payment of the Deficiency of the several Annuity Funds; but as such Sums are made good by Parliament Annually, they are not inserted in this Account. Several Sums are likewise paid out of it, to reimburse Fees at sundry Offices, and to the Usher of the Receipt of the Exchequer, for Necessaries.

Exchequer, the 3d Day of March 1785.

John Hughson.

N°73.

The Examination of John Hughson, Esquire; taken upon Oath, 28th February, 1st and 4th March, 1785.

This Examinant saith, That the Duties collected in the Customs under the Heads of Linen Yam, and Beaver Skins, are paid into the Exchequer under those Deads, but directed by the Receiver General to be placed in the Exchequer to some other Heads by him specified. The Two Duties upon Gum Senega, as being upon One Article, and both unappropriated, are consolidated in the Exchequer. — The Duties under the Title of Customs are paid into the Exchequer in Moieties, under the Heads of Half Subsidies 1712 and 1714.

Some Time in every, Session an Account is delivered to Parliament, containing the Sum produced by each of the unappropriated Branches; the Produce of these Branches is applied in the Appropriation Act to the Services of the Year.

The Services to which the Compound Funds are liable are paid as they arise, without any Priority.

The Sums payable to the South Sea Company upon their Original Fund are to be paid Weekly, if they require it. The whole Produce of the Coinage

Vox.. 40.

Duty on Wine is applied to the Coinage, and paid by a Warrant of the Treasury, to the Masters of the Mint in England and Scotland; it is generally deficient, and the Deficiency is paid out of the Supplies of the Year; it does not appear in the Exchequer what the Annual Allowance amounts to No Sum has yet been issued from the Exchequer for the Encouragement of the Growth of Cotton in the Leeward Islands. Sums have been paid, pursuant to Treasury Warrants* for the Encouragement of raising Hemp and Flax in Scotland; of the Produce is designed for Scotland\ and for England; nothing has been demanded from England.

The Surplusses, not only of the Compound Funds, but of the separate and distinct Funds, are, for the most Part, carried to the Sinking Fund, and that Fund is made liable to the Deficiencies, which are restored by the Supplies of the current or succeeding Year. The General, Aggregate, and South Sea Funds, always produce more than the Charges upon them.

A distinct Account is kept in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Weekly Receipts of, and Issues out of, every Branch of Duty: All the Issues are directed by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, pursuant to the Weekly Account of the Receipts, Issues, and Remains upon each Head of Duty, transmitted to 9 C them

Thirteenth Report on Public Account*.

Thirteenth lleport on Public Accounts.

74a 210 Martii. 1785.

them from the Exchequer; they direct the Sum, the Service, and out of what Branch, in which they are governed by the Account of the preceding Week; they direct no more to be issued from any Brandi than appears either to remain upon that Branch in the Account of the preceding Week, or to have been received on that Branch preceding the Day of the Issue, nor do they direct the Issue of Money Out of any Branch to any other Service than that to which that Branch is rendered applicable by the Legislature.

Where the whole Produce of any Branch is carried to a Compound Fund, the Service to which the Issue is directed must be the Service to which the Compound Fund is applicable. Where the Issue is directed out of a Branch applicable to specific Services, the Account of which is kept separate and apart, and the Surplus carried to a Compound Fund, the Title of the Service in the Treasury Directions shews whether the Issue is for the specific Service, which is always limited, or for a Service to which the Compound Fund is applicable.

The Reason why the Produce of the Sinking Fund for the Year 1784 is so small, is because the Deficiencies of the Anuuity Funds for that Year, and the preceding Quarter, have been paid out of that Fund, and not yet made good by Parliament; the Amount of these Deficiencies is One Million Six hundred and Six thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Halfpenny.

John Ilughson.

T. Anguish,

Rich*1 Neate,

Geo. Drummond\

1Villm Roe.

N° 76.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT of the several Duties of which the General, Aggregate, South Sea, and Sinking Funds

are respectively composed.

GENERAL FUND.

r 07

Customs Customs \ J

Customs 24

Customs 23

Coals since 8th March 1710 Goods exported since D#

Candles since 25th March 1711 Duty on Hydes Paper, Cards, and Dice £. 700 per Week Letter Money Hackney Coaches and Chairs Duty on Soap

Pamphlets and Stampt Papers

Wire and Starch

Additional Duty on Hydes

D° - - - - Hydes, Starch, and Drugs

Policies of Insurance

Duty on Coffee, since Midsummer 1724

A Moiety of ,£.483,406. 4,?. 10 d. per Annum, out of the Duties granted by an Act 24th Geo. 3d, in lieu of the Duty on Tea repealed by the said Act The Annual Sum of £.39,855* 15s. 6d. is taken from the £.3,700 per Week Excise, and applied to this Fund

Customs

(47

61

Customs >

26

96

17

1.5

16

v34

Customs

(35

AGGREGATE FUND.

-fds Tonnage, since 8th March 1711 \ Subsidy, since 31st July 1714 Coffee, since Midsummer 1724

A Moiety of £.483,406. 4s. 10 d. per Annum, out of the Duties granted by an Act 24 Geo-3d, in lieu of the Duty on Tea repealed by the said Act Cocoa Nuts, since 5th July 1781 Hops, since 1st August 1715

£.18 per Cent, on East India Wrought Silks and Muslins, since 1st August 1783, in lieu of £.15 per Cent, on Muslins, &c\ repealed by Act 23d Geo. 3d.

Foreign Sail Cloth Plantation Duty

£. 25 per Ton on French Wines imported New Duty on Spices and Pictures Additional Duty on Spices and White Callicoes Duty on Brandy, since Michaelmas 1736 Money paid as Duty on British Spirits, since D*

D* ----- - Low Wines, since D*

Coynage Duty on Spirits, since D°

Additional Tonnage, since 25th October 1760

Hereditary and Temporary Excise, since D* (after reserving £. 10,637. 16*. $d. for Lottery, Anno 1713) payable to the South Sea Company

Seizures,

25 Geo. III.

2i° Martii.

AGGREGATE FUND, Continued.

743

Customs 99

Customs l Customs 3

Customs 21 Customs 36

s

Seizures, since D®

Proffers, since D®

Fines of Leases, since D8 Fines and Forfeitures, since D®

Letter Money, since D®

Alienation Office, since D°

Rent of Alum Mines, since D®

Rent of a Light House, since D°'

The Annual Sum of £. 7,002. 14*. 3 d. is taken from the Additional Duty on Wine Licences, since ,5th July 1757, and applied to this Fund Compositions, since 25th October 1760 i Subsidy, since 31st July 1712 -99 Years Excise -4th Excise -

£. 3,700 per Week Excise -4 Tonnage, since 8th March 1706

9 d. Excise - " Surplusses of,

-fths Excise....

Hawkers and Pedlars -Duty on Paper, since 31st July 1710 -

Duty on Pepper -Additional 3 d. Excise -Duty on Coals, since Michaelmas 1710 -Arrears of all Land Taxes, and Duties on Malt

The Annual Sum of >£.91,485. — . 6ld. is taken from the Duty on Houses and Windows, since 10th October 1766, and brought to this Fund.

Customs 5

Customs 32 Customs 6

{33 48 46 50 12

Customs Customs 56

-Vol. 40.

SINKING FUND.

Money paid as Additional Duty on British Spirits, since Lady Day 1746

D°.....- - - Low Wines, since D*

Duty on Coaches, since Lady Day 1747 Additional Duty on Paper, Anno 1731 Additional Subsidy on Poundage, since 1st March 1747 Additional Duty on Ale Licences, since Easter 1756

- - - - Cards and Dice, since 15th April 1756

Duty on Plate Licences, since 5th July 1758

- - - Salt, since 5th April 1759

- - - Sweets, since Midsummer 1737

Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum, &c\ sincie 5th July 1757

- - - - Coals exported, since D°

Duty on Coffee, since 5th April 1759 Additional Subsidy on Poundage, since D®

Additional Duty on Malt, since 8 February 1760

Money paid as Additional Duty on British Spirits, since 1st July 1751 D® ----- Low Wines, since D8

Additional Duty on Brandy, since 21st April 1760, and 1766 Money paid as Additional Duty on British Spirits, since D® 1760 D8 - -- ---- - Low Wines, since D®

Additional Duty on Brandy, since 21 January 1762 Money paid as Additional Duty on British Spirits, since D*

D* - -- Low Wines, since D®

Additional Excise on Beer, since 24th January 1761 Additional Policies, since 1st June 1765

Additional Duty on Coals and East India Goods exported, since D8 East India Wrought Silks, since 1st August 1766 Silk Crapes, since D®

Drillings and Broad Linens, since 25th May 1767

Additional Duty on Wines, since 31st March 1763

Duty on Cyder, Annis 1763 and 1766

Additional Duty on Stampt Vellum, &c\ since 5th July 1776

Ditto.....----- -- 1777

Additional Duty on Cards and Dice, since 1st June 1776 D° - - - Coaches, since 5th July 1776 Duty on Auctions, since 5th July 1777

- - - Wrought Plate, 1720 Unrated Goods imported, under-valued Additional £.5 per Cent. Excise, Anno 1781 Impositions on Tobacco and Sugars, since 5th April 1781 Duty on Male Servants, since 21st May 1781 Additional Almanacks, Anno 1781

Additional Duty on Cocoa Nuts, since 5th July 1781

Duty

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.


Thirteenth Report on Public* Accounts.

744

Customs 31 Customs 25 Customs 38

Customs

28

10

7

8

9

18

2i° Martii.

SINKING FUND, Continued.

Duty on Houses and Windows, since 10th October 1766, in lieu of the Duties repealed by Act 6 Geo. 3d - - '

Additional Duty on all Wines imported since Lady Day 1745

Duty on Glass, since 5th July 1777, in lieu of Duty on Glass Anno 1746, repealed....

Additional Duty on Wine Licences, since 5th July 1757

Surplus of Money paid as Additional Duty on British Spirits, since Lady Day 1743 - - - - -<

D° - - - - Low Wines, since D*

A. 1785.

Duty on Paper - -

- - - Coals exported -Additional Duty on Soap -

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, since 25th March 1719 D° - - - Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors Surplus of the General Fund

- - - - - Aggregate Fund

----- South Sea Company’s Original Fund

‘After reserving the Sum of , L 9M85- — 6-£</. carried to the Aggregate Fund Annually; and the further Sum of£ 93,217. 10s. \d. taken Annually for Payments of Annuities, Anno s 1758

f After reserving sufficient for Payment ot Annuities on [ Lives, granted Anno 1745 f After reserving sufficient for Payment of Annuities on Lives, granted Anno 1746 " After reserving sufficient for Payment of the Officers of the Wine Licence Office suppressed; and the Sum of £.7,002. 14 s. 3 d. carried Annually to the Ag-w gregate Fund "After reserving the Sum of £30,401. 15 s. 8 d. charged upon these Duties Annually, for Payment of the Interest and Management on £. 1,000,000 to the East India Company

(Surplus of the Fund for Lottery Anno 1714

For the Bank of England Ditto

SOUTH-SEA COMPANY’S FUNDS.

Customs f Customs \

Customs 21

Customs 1 Customs 36

Customs 25

Customs 31

- >Origi

Original Fund.

Apprentice Duty, since 1st May 1715 Duty on Candles, since Ditto -Additional Impositions, since 31st July 1716 Wines, since D°

Tobacco, since D° -East India Goods, since Dw Additional Duty on Whale Fins, since D° -The Sum of £.2,097. 15$. 8Id. is taken every Year, at the Quarter ended the 5th July, from the Aggregate Fund, and carried to this Fund, to make good the Loss by repealing the Duty on rough and undressed Flax, by Act 4th Geo. 2d

9^. Additional Excise - -.....| Annuities, Anno 1706

\d. Tonnage, since 8th March 1706 ----- J

Surplus -j-d Tonnage, since D* - - - - D°, per 1st Act 1708

-fths Excise ~ - Annuities, Old Tonnage

- - :}«^9pe-CeD.

D° £ 3,700 per Week Annuities, per 2d Act 1708 For Lottery, Anno 1710. Annuities, £. 14 per Cent.

Lottery, Anno 1714

£. 3,700 per Week Excise....

| Subsidy, since 31st July 1712- - -

Duty on Coals, since Michaelmas 1710 99 Years Excise -

Additional Duty on Soap -

D uy on Paper -

- - - Coals exported -Aggregate Fund General Fund

Duty on Paper, since 3 ist July 1710 - - - - -1 A '

- - - Hawkers and Pedlars, since D# - - j Annuities, Anno 1707.

The Annual Sum of £. 10,637. 16. 5. is brought from the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, since 25th October 1760, for the Lottery Anno 1713, payable, to the South Sea Company.

Exchequer, the 14th Day of February 1785.

John Hughson.

N-77.

25 Geo. III.

21° Ma.

77-

745

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

An ACCOUNT of the several Duties out of which the Annuities to the Bank, South-Sea Company, and East India Company, on Account of their Stock, are severally paid.

Customs 38

Customs 28

Customs 3

Customs 21

Customs

Customs 25 Customs 31

BANK.

Out of Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors

- Duty on Coals, since 25th March 1719

- Additional Duty on Soap

- The Aggregate Fund

- 5-7ths Excise

- 9 rExckeAnndties, A" 170 6}South Sea Company’s Fund

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

Out of Duty on Candles, since 1st May 1715 -

- Apprentice Duty, since D* ——

- Duty on Wines, since 31st July 1716 -

- - - - Tobacco, since D*....

.....East India Goods, since D° - -

----- Whale Fins, since D° -- - Additional Impositions, since D* -

The Sum of £-2,097. 15$. 8f d. is brought from the Aggregate* Fund to this Fund Annually, to make good the Loss, by repealing the Duty on rough and undressed Flax, by Act 4*

fZort i odi _

) Original Fund.

Geo. 2

ff Tonnage, since 8th March 1706 .^Annuities,

[Surplus + Tonnage, since 8th March 1706, for Annuities, per 1st Act 1708

- 4th Excise (Annuities, Old Tonnage)

- 3 d Additional Excise! A , ~ .

- Duty on Pepper - _}Annuit.es, 9 d.per Cent

- £ 3>7°o per Week Excise (Annuities £.3,700 per Week)

- i Subs, since 31st July 1712 (Annuities per 2 Act 1708)

- . Duty on Coals, since Michaelmas 1710 (Lottery, A0 1710)

- 99 Years Excise (Annuities £. 14 per Cent.)

- Additional Duty on Soap - -!

- Duty on Paper - - - ^Lottery, Anno 1714

- Coals exported - - -J

- General Fund

- Aggregate Fund

- Duty on Paper, since 31st July 17101..

- Hawkers and Pedlars, since D"

The Annual Sum of £. 10,637. 16. 5. is brought from the

porary Excise, since 25th October 1760, for the Lottery, A’

South Sea Company.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

Hereditary and Tem-1713, payable to the

Out of the Aggregate Fund

- - - Surplus of Money paid as Duty on British Spirits, since Lady Day 1743

- - - D° - - - Low Wines, since D*

Exchequer, the 12th Day of February 1785.

John Hug.

V01. 40.

9D

N* 78.

74®

ai° Mar tit. 178$.

Thirteenth Report on Public

Accounts. *g

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts;

An At CG 6 tf NT ii s&tertff Dirties out of Whitfh the Batik Consolidated Three per Cent. Annuities #e p^'d.

Principal Snms.

57,920,924

d.

9i

3 3

4,980,772

6.000. 000 — —

7.000. 000 —; —

13,500,000 -

Annuities, A* 1758

Ditto, A* 1778 -

12,000,000-----

6;oooo,oti6

£107,401,696 5 1 i

Ditto; A4 1784 -I

/ Paid out of the several Duties composing the Staking Fuiid Out of Duty on Houses aVid Windows, since loth October 1766, the Sum of £.93,217. io$. 1 d\

Annually

Out of Deduction of 1 s. pier Lib. on Pensions ~ Out of Duty on Inhabited Houses, since 5th July 1779

Additional Duty on Wines and Vinegar, since 5th April 1778

Out of Additional Subsidy, A* 1779 - - Customs 53

- - - - Excise, A° 1779

Ditto, A4 1779 - - Additional Duty on Stainpt Vellum, &c.

A*1779

- - - - Duty oh Post Horses, since

1st August 1780

Out of Duty oh Tobacco, Snuff, and Brandy. T t 0

1 since is£ /une 17^2 - - - - / Cust°ms 58

Additional Duty on Soap, since 5^6 July 1782

— . - - - - Coaches, since D*

Additional 5 per Cent. Excise, since 5th and

tv*4 a®.-a 25th July 1782

Ditto, A 1782 ... Policies, since 1st August 178

— New additional Salt, since 22df Jun6 1782

— Duty oh Table Beef, since 5th* July 1*782 - — Additional Staihps, since 1 st August 1783;

the Sum of £. 50,000 is taken Annually

— Duty on Wax, since 25th July 1782 - - CifttbtnS ^9

„ Additional Impositions, since 5th July 1782 - Customs 54

{Outof AdditionalStamps, since 1st August 1783, after reserving £.50,606 Annually for Annuities, Anno 1782

- Out of Additional f)uty oh Candles, since is£

August 1784 - - ---- - Stamps, C4

- - - General Licences, since 10th September 17.84 .

Duty oh BHcks and Tiles, since 1st September*! p^rt

Additional HackhCy Coaches. A4 i 784 £. 2,306 per ^cek,. Letter Money, A4 1784 Duty on Silk and Lead, since ioth September!

1784.....J

Additional Paper, since loth August 1784 -Pirt Dufy oh Linen and Stuffs, since 1 st October 1784 - - - Hats, since 1st October 1784 - -\pirt Customsi^7

- - - Plate, since 1 si December 1784 -J \68

- - - 15 per Cfent. Excise, A° 1784

10 per Cent, Customs, A° 1784 - - Customs 68

Customs 63.

Customs 6ft

Customs 62 Customs 65

Customs

k - -

Exchequer, the 12th Day of February 1785.

John Huglison,

N4 79-

J

Ge€>» III.

Hi

Thirteenth Report on Public Accounts.

N* 79'.

To the Commissioners of the Public Accounts.

Art ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund in each Year, for Tea Years, td

the End of the Year 1784.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Exchequer, the 28th Day of February 1785.

s. d.

1776 2,817,869 4 ti i

1777 3,095.832 18 6 i

1778 2,60.5,439 4 — f

17 79 2,388*205 2 7 i

1780 2,493,591 1 3i

1781 3,072,966 5 5

178a 2,703,795 11 10

1783 2,348,274 18 10

1784 2,235,7.59 4 2

1785 1,350,288 7 9 i

£ 25,112,02 X 19 6

John Hughson.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Trent and A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of Mmey the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and

Navigation, the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Frad-ley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed ill the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John fVrottcsley, the Lord Muncaster, &c.: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Tteprfsenta- A Petition of the Burgesses and principal Inba-tion in bitants of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the Parliament. Uouse, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the "original Excellence of the Constitution of this Country, most ardently wish to have it maintained upoii the genuine Principles oh which it was founded; and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, ill the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, the Commons of this Realm are partially dnd inadequately represented, and consequently cannot have that Security for their Liberties which it is the Aim of the Constitution to give them: And therefore supplicating the House to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great Constitutional Evil as to t^he House may seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freemen,

Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the City and Vol. 40.

County of the City of Norwich, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, wishing to have the original Excellence of the Constitution of this Country restored, maintained, and perpetuated, by a Recurrence to the genuine Principles on which it was founded, most respectfully supplicate the House, to take into their serious Consideration the present vfcry inadequate Representation of the People, and, as one Remedy to this great Constitutional Evil, to restore the Election of Triennial Parliaments: On the Wisdom of the House the Peti* tioners fully rely, for the Protection and Preservation of the Liberties, and Commercial Interests, of Great Britain.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford\ from Scotland — the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Imports and at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pro-sented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 16th Day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

A Copy of the Inspector GeneraFs Account of Imports and Exports for Scotland, for the Year 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said "Copy is preserved amongst the othfcf Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from Scotland — the Commissioner’s of Excise in Scotland, attended at Excise the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Dulies# to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Table of the Rates of Excise Duties, as granted by the several Acts of Parliament, with the Total Duty on each Commodity, together with the several Per Cents thereon, completed to the Second Session of the Twenty-fourth Year of His Majesty, inclusive.

And

748

2i° Ma

A. 1785.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Imports anil The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, Exports of from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at Rice, &c. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Tobacco, Pice, Indigo, Rum, and Sugar, into and from that Part of Great Britain called England, for the Year ending at Christmas 1784, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon, and distinguishing the Produce of the Duties imposed since 1764.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Leave of Absence.

Com and Grain.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaytor have Leave to go into the Country, for Six Weeks, on Account of his Health.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-first Yfcar of the Reign of llis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and " ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of " Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned," might be read.

*, And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bramston took the Chai# of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chaiiv.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and convenient Method of taking the Poll at Electrons of Knights of the Shire for the County of York: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.'

Levi's Nat. Mr. Penruddocke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Barnard Levi: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kingston A Petition of the Freeholders of the Town, and upon Hull — County of the Town, of Kingston upon Hull, was mentary Re- Presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, presentation. Ttmt the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull is. of considerable Extent, comprizing Seven Townships, and Part of One other Township; and that the Petitioners, as Freeholders of the said Town and County, having no Vote in the Election of Members for the Borough of Kingston upon Hull, or of Knights for the County of York9 are not represented in Parliament, they therefore conceive their Case a proper Subject of Parliamentary Reform: And therefore praying, That they may be no longer deprived ojf a Privilege which, as Freeholders, they are Con-

York

Election

Poll.

stitutionally entitled to, but may be permitted to elect, and send to Parliament, a Representative, or Representatives, of the Freeholders of the Town, and County of the Town, of Kingston upon Hull, or may have suefi other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Cotton and others, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, ribt Trade, actually engaged in the Commerce of the said County, w as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That, from their Knowledge of the Manufacture of the County, they are thoroughly sensible that an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs, bleached or dyed, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, is, and will be, in its Consequences, in a very great Degree, destructive to the Trade of the County, and highly prejudicial to the general Weal of the Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises, as to their Discretion shall seem meet.

A Memorial and Petition of the Manufacturers of Ditto, White Cottons and Muslins, in the City of Glasgow, and the Neighbourhood, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Memorialists did not fail, during the last Session of Parliament, respectfully to state to His Majesty's Ministers, and to the Legislature, their serious Apprehensions of the dangerous Consequences likely to result from the Duty on Cottons and Muslins, then unhappily proposed as an Object of Revenue, and afterwards actually adopted as One of the Public Taxes: While the Memorialists were impelled, by a sacred Regard to the Laws of the Realm, respectfully to submit to the Burdens thus laid upon them, distressing and injurious as they are, the same Sentiments of Regard for their Country, and for the Preservation of a valuable Manufacture, urges them, on the present Occasion, to offer to Parliament their humble Representations on the Subject of the Tax in Question, which the Experience of a few Months has rendered more grievously distressing, than their utmost Apprehensions had formerly suggested to their Minds: Under Circumstances, therefore, of real, and not imaginary Distress, the Memorialists humbly represent to the House their serious Apprehensions, that all those Advantages which might reasonably be expected from a great and extended Branch of Trade, will be sacrificed to a System of Taxation, by no Means productive to Government, in so far as it is found impossible to apply the Rules of Excise to the various Circumstances attending the Progress of this Manufacture to Maturity, without such Inconvenience and Distress as will render it impossible to carry on the Trade; this Allegation has been sufficiently evinced and proved, by the various Representations of the Manufacturers of Manchester to His Majesty’s Ministers, exhibiting, in Detail, not only the specific Inconveniences which arise from the System thus unhappily introduced, but the Impossibility of executing the Requisites of the Law, without the most imminent Hazard of Forfeiture to the fair Trader, as well as the very great Risque of opening a Source of illicit Trade to such as were inclined to defraud His Majesty’s Revenue; the Hazards and Inconveniences attending the Introduction of a new Branch of Trade, are manifestly obvious, and the necessary and unavoidable Struggles to bring the same to Perfection, point out, in strong Colours, the Cruelty of disturbing Infant Manufactures in their Progress to Maturity; the Muslin Branch has already afforded Employment to many Thousands of the industrious Poor of both Sexes; its Progress, previous to the late unhappy Regulations, was rapid beyond all Example, and no Manufacture, established in this Part of the

united

25 Geo. III. li*Martii 749

united Kingdom, ever promised $6 fair to become & National Blessing, and to diffuse its Influence over a wide and extended Community, giving Employment and Bread to all Ages, and producing to the Country a liberal Return for the Labours of the industrious Poor: The Perseverance and Itigenuity thus manifested by the Muslin Manufacturers, in bringing to Per* section an Article of extensive Commerce, which, till now, was supposed to be capable of being produced in India alone, certainly merits the Attention of this House, to whom, as Guardians of the Manufactures of the Country, the Memorialists look up for that Favour and Protection which shall not only rescue them from the Fetters of Excise Laws, but also assist their Struggles in combating the strong Opposition which they experience from the extensive Importations of a similar Article pressed upon the Market by the East India Company, under Circumstances calculated to crush and to annihilate a Branch of Commerce already proved to be productive of the most extensive Advantages to the Nation; nor are the Discouragements, which ucheck and disturb this Infant Manufacture, confined alone to the Circumstances already mentioned; the Interference of the East India Company, in selling their Muslins by Auction, frequently at or under the original Cost, deprives the Memorialists of a fair and equal Market, and actually subjects them to the Loss of the whole Duty, which they have been unable to charge upon the Consumer, on account of the impolitic Competition, raised up by the Introduction of a Foreign Article: The Hardships attending the present Tax appear still in a stronger Point of View, when contrasted with the wise Policy of the Sister Kingdom, whose Legislature, ever attentive to the Improvement and Extension of Inland Branches of Trade, are, at this Moment, holding out the most liberal Encouragement for promoting a similar Manufacture; nor is it (unhappily for this Country) an ill-founded Assertion, that many ingenious Weavers, allured by the Advantages held out in Ireland, and dispirited by the ill-advised Restrictions and Burthens imposed in Britain, have actually removed to a Country, where the System of protecting and encouraging Manufactures, by Bounties, in Place of Imposts, must induce others to follow their Example, unless the present System shall be abandoned in Great Britain; nor ought the Memorialists to omit to mention, that the great Increase of the Muslin Branch in this Part of Great Britain has been occasioned by the Decline of the Manufacture of Lawns of all Kinds (for many Years a great Staple in Scotland) for which the Muslins are now used as a Substitute; and hence it appears, if the Country is deprived of the Cotton Manufacture, at a Period when the ancient Staple is also hurt, the Calamity will be doubly severe, and the Consequences to the lower Ranks, who assist in the auxiliary Branches of the Manufacture, will be distressing in the Extreme, as they cannot avail themselves of the Advantages held out to ingenious Artists, who, Individually, can suffer no material Loss, as their Emigration to Ireland, from the Vicinity of the Two Countries, is effected at so easy an Expence, as to render the Intercourse open to all who incline to listen to the liberal Encouragement held out by the Irish Manufacturer: In pursuing the Argument arising from the Contrast alius drawn, the Memorialists cannot, in Justice to their Country, conceal from this House the great additional Advantages which result to the Sister Kingdom from the Taxes of the last Session of Parliament, imposed on Cottons and Muslins; this Impost operates as a Bounty, in Addition to the liberal Aids of the Irish Legislature of near Ten pa' Cent. in Favour of the Manufactures of that Country at every Foreign Market; and, while the Memorialists applaud the Policy and Wisdom of the Sister Kingdom, in holding out such liberal Encouragement to those Sources of Vol. 40.

Wealth and Industry, upon which her true Interest depends, they look up with Confidence to- this House, for such an equal Adjustment of Commercial Privileges, as shall place the Manufactures in every Part of the Empire upon a fair and equal Footing; nor ought the Memorialists to conceal from the House the Sentiments they entertain of the Favour of Government, so liberally bestowed on the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, in so far as the Public Aids thus afforded, have had a Tendency to check the growing Manufactures of the Country, by a System of Discrimination which exhibits the Monopoly of the Commerce of India, as highly favoured by Government, encouraged and protected by a Public Loan of One Million, free of Interest, while Taxes are levied on the Muslin Manufacture of Great Britain1, to fill the Treasury from whence this Aid is drawn, and drawn too for the Purpose of giving Aid to a Rival Manufacture, the Produce of a Foreign Country* thus raised and supported; not only from the Burthens imposed upon a similar Article produced in Great Britain, but also by a Reduction of Duties operating as an additional Distress upon the Industry of the Country: The Memorialists having, on many Occasions, experienced the nursing and protecting Hand of the Legislature, in the Operation of that Principle which removed every possible Obstruction to the Progress of useful Manufactures in Great Britain, and left the ingenious Artist free and unfettered, to pursue his Employment, cannot sufficiently lament the Fatality which has subjected even an Infant Branch to a Burthen which, from the Facts already stated, has proved not only ruinous to the Manufacturer, but unproductive to Government: And therefore praying*

That the House will take into their serious Considered tion the various Circumstances of Distress and Danger to which the Muslin and Cotton Trade ha9 been subjected by the Taxes of the last Session of Parliament, and that such Relief shall be granted, and such Arrangement made, for the Encouragement and Protection of this new and valuable Manufacture, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers,

Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford,

Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham,

Ashton, Bury, Chorley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs* in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Commercial Manufacturers of the Town of Wolverhampton, was Intercourse presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, withlitUnd, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Commercial Arrangement between Great Britain and Ireland is very soon to come under the Consideration of Parliament, and that the Commerce of each Country should be regulated by Means of equalizing the Du ties in both; to obtain the End proposed, the Petitioners conceive either that each Country should admit the Produce, Wares, and Manufactures of the other Duty-free, or that the Duties payable in each should be so modified, that if Duties are laid on the Produce of either Kingdom in One, an equivalent Duty should be laid in that paying the Duty on the Ad* mission of the Produce of the other; and that, in order to place each Country upon an Equality in manufacturing, the Petitioners apprehend, that the Duties on Raw Materials for that Purpose, from 9 E Foreign

Peniyn

Hoads.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

750 21° Martiu^, 1785.

Foreign States, should be exactly alike in both; that, in the important Article of Bar Iron, on the Manufacturing of which many Thousands of Families in the Town and Neighbourhood of Wolverhampton depend, it so essentially differs, that the Duties are at least Six Times as much in Great Britain as in Ireland' in the former they being about 56s. per Ton, whilst about gs. Sterling only is paid in the latter; and that the* ‘Petitioners are justly apprehensive, from this great Disparity of Duties, aided by lower Wages, and comparatively much lighter Taxes in Ireland, such Advantages will accrue in Favour of that Country, as nothing we-possess in Preference can compensate for, and that the certain and immediate Consequence must be Emigrations from this Kingdom, and, in the End, a Removal of the Iron Manufactory from it, on which the Existence of the said Town and Neighbourhood depends: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their most serious Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

- Sir Francis Basset reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from Nero Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth > in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr.----- Penwarne, Junior, being examined, said,

That a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing of which a large Debt hath been contracted, which still remains charged upon the Tolls, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street, and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County: And that Sir Francis Basset and Sir John Saint Aubyn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, under their Common. Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House of Commons in Ireland, that certain general Propositions, as a Foundation for new Regulations of the Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland\ have been voted by that House, from which, if agreed to by the Legislature of this Country, the Petitioners entertain great Apprehensions that most important evil Consequences will ensue to its Trade and .1

Manufactures, and eventually to the Landed Interest: That the Manufacturer in Great Britain, being obliged to advance to Government the heavy Duties and Excise imposed; upon bim; cannot support a Competition against the Irish Manufacturer, who bearing no Part of this Burthen, cau carry on an equal extensive Trade with a much smaller Capital; and that the just Retribution which our American Colonies make for the Expence of their Establishment, for the Support they receive by our exclusive Consumption of their Produce, and for the Protection afforded them by our Navy, will no longer exist, if Liberty be given to import West India Productions, either in their Raw or Manufactured State, from Ireland, greater Opportunity will be afforded for the illicit Introduction of them, and this Country will be deprived of the Advantage arising from the Supply of its own Markets, to which it is entitled both fronl Justice and Policy, and similar Mischief would accrue to the Revenue, and to the Carrying Trade of Great Britain, if the Import of Foreign Produce from Ireland be generally allowed; and that the Petitioiw ers entertain the most eprdial Wishes for the Increase and Extension of the Irish Commerce and Manufactures, in every Circumstance, not productive of essential Detriment to those of Great Britain, and submit to the House, whether, if the Spirit of those Resolutions should be adopted, it will be possible to prevent such Evil, unless the Legislature of Ireland will consent to impose Duties on Importation from Foreign States, equal to those now payable in Great Britain, the Manufacturers of Great Britain and Ireland be placed upon an equal Footing in respect40 the Burthens they bear, and the Staples of both Kingdoms be rendered liable to equal Duties on Import each into the other: And therefore praying. That when the particular Detail of the proposed Regulations shall be before the House, they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, respecting the 9ame; or that the House will afford the Petitioners such other effectual Relief in the Premises as it shall judge meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse betw een Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Sugar Refiners of the City Commerce! of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, thatwilh K certain general Propositions, as a Foundation for new Regulations of the Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland, are now under Consideration of the House, and the Petitioners are apprehensive of very important and injurious Consequences to their Manufacture, if the same should pass into a Law in their present Form; and Alledging, that the Petitioners have been at the Expence of upwards of £. 150,000 in Buildings and Utensils to carry on their Trade, and, should the Legislature of Ireland' under the Privilege of importing Raw and Refined Sugars through that Country to this, lay a heavy Duty on Loaf and Lump Sugar, and a small Duty on Bastard and Ground Sugars, and Molasses, they will effectually prevent our exporting the former to that Kingdom, and also to Foreign Markets, and enable them to send the--latter into Great Britain, at a less Price than it can be manufactured here under the Burthen of the high Duties, the high Price of Labour, and heavy Taxes, which would inevitahly tend to the Ruin of that valuable Branch of Trade in this Kingdom: And therefore

praying,

35 Geo. III. 2i° Martii. 751

praying, That in the Adjustment of the Regulations (should they take place) such Duties may be laid on the Exportation of Bastard Sugars and Molasses, reciprocal!^, that they may be upon an equal Footing in respect to the Burthens the Two Kingdoms bear.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

ingdon A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scho-

vigation. lars, of the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That certain Persons, chosen by the University and City of Oxford, were authorised by virtue of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of King James the First, to make the River Thames navigable from Burcot, in the County of Oxford, to the University and City of Oxford, and, in pursuance of the said Act, the said River was made Navigable for Boats, Barges, and Lighters, from Burcot aforesaid unto the said University and City, and divers considerable Sums of Money were at that Time, and have at several subsequent Periods, and particularly within’ these Ten Years last, been expended thereon, whereby the said Navigation is rendered safe, easy, and expeditious; and that the remaining Part of the said River, from Oxford to Leachlade, has been for many Years past, and still continues to be Navigable, and, as appears by Surveys accurately taken, may be so effectually improved and amended, as that the whole Navigation may become complete and certain, at a moderate Expence; and, the Petitioners apprehend, that Powers have been, already granted by Parliament for effecting the same; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for making a Navigable Canal from Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and that a Survey hath been taken, describing the Line of the said intended Canal, which, if pursued, will, they apprehend, be a Diversion of the ancient Navigation by the River Thames, or Isis, and totally exclude the University and City of Oxford from the Benefits thence arising, to the great Inconvenience and Detriment thereof; and the Petitioners conceive, that by such Diversion of the Navigation, the Channel of the said River will be neglected and choaked up, whereby the Lands bordering thereon will become marshy, and prejudicial to the Health of the Inhabitants of the said University and City, and the Country adjacent: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Secern Canal, in the Parish of Kemp ford, in the County of Gloucester, be brought in.

nmercial A Petition of the Manufacturers of the Town and

jrcourse County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to

b Ireland, the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners engaged in the Hosiery and Stocking Manufactures, which create and constitute a very beneficial and important Branch of the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, are greatly alarmed and distressed at the Propositions lately laid before the House, for establishing, by Parliamentary Authority, a Commercial Intercourse between this Kingdom and Ireland; Vol. 40.

and that the Petitioners, till very lately, were totally unacquainted with the Object and Views of such Propositions, and therefore unable to form any Judgment how far they, or any other Commercial. Body of this Kingdom, might be affected thereby, or should have made an earlier Application to the House, to be relieved from those impending Evils which so formidably threaten the Stability, Prosperity, and Interest of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, and particularly that wherein the Petitioners are engaged; and that the Petitioners, impressed with the highest Sentiments of Veneration and Respect for the House, as the ancient and only Constitutional Guardians and Protectors of the Commercial Rights and Interests of this Kingdom, have presumed to offer their Apprehensions of die fatal Consequences and Effects which must necessarily result from-Measures attendant on the Estar blishment of such a Commercial Arrangement, humbly but confidently relying on an Intervention of the House, for preventing those Evils which, at present, too apparently and justly alarm the Petitioners, in common with the other Manufacturers of this Kingdom: And therer fore beseeching the House, That the said Propositions may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Pailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Severn Inhabitants, of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the Navigation. County of Gloucester, and of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands lying contiguous to the Rivers Severn and Avon, within the Borough and Parish of Tewkesbury, and of the Bargemasters and Fishermen residing within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is made for Leave to bring in a Bill for impoweripe certain Persons to improve the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near Stourport, in the County of Worcester, to or near the City of Gloucester; and Alledging, That the Petitioners, to their great Loss, have often experienced the fatal Effects of Floods, and are very apprehensive, that, if any Obstructions should be caused in the Severn (remarkable for its Rapidity) and within the Reach of Tide, their Lands upon the Banks of both the said Rivers would be rendered more liable to Floods, and consequently become much less valuable; and, they are w ell informed, that by removing the Shoals, or Banks of Sand, in the Severn, the River will be made much shallower above, and those Shoals, or Banks, so removed, will act as Obstructions below, and will certainly render its Navigation dangerous; and that the Petitioners apprehend the making Horse Towing-Paths on the Banks of The Severn, will essentially injure the Landed Property adjoining, by turning it into Common, and they conceive less Damage in the Track of Men than Horses, and by the best Information they can learn, from Barge Owners and Persons intelligent in Trade, Horse Towing-Paths will neither render the Navigation more expeditious and convenient, nor less expensive, than haling by Men, and it is their firm Belief, such Alterations will operate rather as an Advance, than a Reduction of the Price of Freight, and that the Navigation will be much injured thereby, and that those Men, who are employed in haling and navigating of Barges up and down the River, will be deprived of their Labour, and become a Burthen to Society, not being capable, by Habit, to pursue any other Occupation, and the least Number in that Employment, upon the said River, cannot be estimated at less than Two

thousand.

Leave of Absence.

Trade vrith America.

75a 210 Marlii. A. 1785.

thousand, during the last and preceding Wars, The Severn was found a Nursery for Seamen, and National Policy ought to restrain the Extermination of so useful a Body; and that the Petitioners have also Reason to believe, that if the Shoals, or Sands, are removed, a total Destruction of many Kinds of Fish will ensue, which spawn upon such Shoals and Sands, and procure their Food thereon; and they would, with Concern, behold the River Severny or any Part thereof, from the earliest Time free, and One of the noblest Ornaments of this Island (from its natural State, incapable of Improvement, and sufficiently Navigable for the Purposes of Trade and Commerce) vested in the Hands of any Set of Men, who, from the Love of Projects, or Self-Interest, shall lay a burthensome Toll upon them and their Posterity, by a Scheme partial in its Plan, impracticable in its Execution, and what cannot have public Utility in View, but which will materially injure the Landed Property and Trade of the said Borough and Parish: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration; and that they may have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer have Leave to go into the Country for Nine Days, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Howell have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on Account of the Illness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Master have Leave to go into' the Country for Three Weeks, on Account of the Illness of a near Relation.

Ordered, That Mr. Goddwd have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on Account of the Illness of a near Relation.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will not give Leave to any Member of this House to be absent from his Duty in this House, until after Thursday next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Men for the ¥ {{£ \ 98.

I Sir William Cunyng- j

home, > 33.

Mr. Powys: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Twenty-third Year* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain In- struments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers 9i for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly";

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the ,44 Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year 41 of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade 14 and Commerce between the Subjects of His Ma-

t( jesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Acts, for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edrvard James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General,

Hr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of Reprises the Town of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, was Jftlan ln presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, arlamen^ That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellence of the Constitution of this Country, most ardently wish to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded; and that it its necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliarc ment, the Commons of this Realm are partially and inadequately represented, and consequently cannot have that Sesurity for their liberties which it is the Aim of the Constitution to give them: And therefore supplicating the House, to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to this great Constitutional Evil as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the.

Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Commercial Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Intercourse mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to with Ireland, consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sevennight, the 31st Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, to whom Bancroft* the Petition of Edward Bancroft, now of VtUiers Dying Street, York Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, Discovery. Doctor ip Physic, and Fellow of the Royal Society,

was

fcotton

Trade.

.‘Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills.

Prises in

Penobscot

Expedition.

25 Geo. III. ' 2i° — 22'’ Mar lit.

753

was referred; That the Committed had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Letters Patent, in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, granting to the Petitioner an exclusive Privilege of making, using, exercising, and vending the Invention, in the said Letters Patent particularly mentioned, for the Term of Fourteen Years, were produced to your Committee, and read.

Then a Specification, executed by the Petitioner, and inrolled in the Court of Chancery, within the Time limited by the said Letters Patent for that Purpose, describing the Nature of the said Invention, arid in whkt Manner it was to be performed, was also produced, and read.

And it appears to your Committee, That soon after the Patent was granted, an Interruption of all Communication with North America took place; in consequence of which' the Petitioner has not been able to avail himself, in any Degree, of the Benefits which Were*by the Patent meant to be conveyed to him.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Oi*dcred, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Charley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel cn le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and in Part examined a Witness, in Support of the said Petition; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further u Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for u the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-four."

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 6th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir George Collier, Knight, late Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Fleet m America, together with the Captains, whose Names are thereunder signed, in Behalf of themselves and others, and also of the Officers and Men under their Command, on the late Expedition to, Pwobscotx was referred.

Vol. 40.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of thd whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Td-morro\t Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis9 22° die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii III. M Regis, 1785.

Praters,

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- bucj<8 tion the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Election. Earl Vemey of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the ' Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Seventy-two Members being found to be present, besides Mr. Speaker;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Six Members then present w;ere drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Parry, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and his Name w as set aside.

And the Names of Twenty-five other Members then present were draw n, who w ere not objected to.

And. the Name of Dudley Long, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners; and his N ame was set aside.

And the Names of Fifteen other Members then present were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of One hundred and Tw'enty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eighteen, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Seventeen, on Account of 9 F their

754 22d — 23° — 24°- — 2 50 Mar Hi. A, 1785.

their- being Members against whose Returns attend His Majesty, immediately* in the House of Petitions were depending; Two, on Account Peers.

of their being Petitioners to this House, com- Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went plaining of undue Elections and Returns; up to attend His Majesty.

Thirty-five, on Account of their then serving And being returned;

on Select Committees; Forty, on Account of.

their having already, in this Session of Par- The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Bucks liament, served on Select Committees; and the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl E,ectiun*

Twelve* on Account of their having voted at of the Kingdom of; and also, the Petition

the said Election. of the several Persons whose Karnes are thereunto

And the Names of all the Members of the House subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being having been drawn from the Glasses, and read by Mr. Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Speaker to the House; and it appearing that there Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, corn-wanted Three Names to complete the List of Forty- plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said nine Members to be delivered to the Counsel at the County, being come;

Bar; The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker,

Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, adjourned to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the Order for taking the said Petitions into Considera- the immediate Attendance of the Alembers on the

tion, until Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Business of the House.

Afternoon. And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, The Hou»e was counted by Mr. Speaker, arid Rous* without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Twenty^three Members only being found to be pre- counted-

Morning, Teh of the Clock. sent, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read th<6

Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into

Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said

-__________________ __________________________ Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the

> Afternoon.

Mcrcurii, 23® die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Verney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The Serjeant at Anns was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House w as counted by Mr. Speaker, and Eighty-nine Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 25® die Martii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIP Regis, 17^5.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Bucks tion the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Section. Earl Verney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election, and Return for the said County, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and Two Ht)US« Members only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker counud# directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow,

Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, „ till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 24° die Marin;

Anno 25° Georgii IIP Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

to A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis ,i\ Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black

Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to

Bocks

Election.

fco Member present besides Mr. Speaker.

Bocks

Election.

No Member present besides Mr. Speaker.

25 Geo. III. 26 — 280 — 29'

Sabbat i9 $6° die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

H|^HE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-JL tion the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Verney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And there being no Member in the House, besides Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.


Lance, 28° die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItil Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Vcrney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there* unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And there being no Member in the House, besides Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately, adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow* Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 40.

— 30'’ — 3 Martii.755

Martis, 29* die Martii;

Anno 25* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1785. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Vcrney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire lor the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being cotne;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And there being no Member in the House, besides Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

At)d then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30* die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItn Regis, 1785. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Vcrney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One Member only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 31* die Martii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Vcrney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunto

Bucks

Election.

No Member present besides Mr. Speaker.

Bucks

Election*

House

counted.

Bucks

Electioiw

No Member present besides Mr. Speaker.

Bucks

Election.

House

counted.

Bucks

Election.

756 31° Martii.--1" — 2* — 40 Aprilis. A. 1785.

thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, require the immediate Attendance of the Members on being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election the Business of the House, of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks> com- And he went accordingly,

plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said And being returned \

County, being come; And there being no Member in the House, besides NoMemlw

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read FseDlhe-

to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and re- the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into

tjuire the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said bpf h

Business of the House. Order till Monday, Three of the Clock in the After*

And he went accordingly. iioon.

And being returned;

And there being no Member in the- House, besides And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker,

Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock,

the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into

Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said _______________________ .

Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Luna, 4° die Aprilis;

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker,

till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock. Anno 25* peorgii IIIlu Regis, 1785.

Veneris, l6 die Aprilis;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785. Prayeus.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration. the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Verncy of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One Member only being found to be present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration; and immediately adjourned the said Order till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 25* Georgii III" Regis, 1785. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Verncy of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Comity, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places, adjacent, and

P R A Y E R8*

npHE tlour appointed for taking into Considera- Bocki JL tion the Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Election. Earl Verney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty-eight Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the’Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were* by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-three Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Parry, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Sixteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Dudley Lang, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Sixty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn? and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eleven, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they

had

25 Geo. III. Aprilis. 757

had before verified upon Oath; Eighteen, on Common Fields, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Commons, Account of their being Members against whose and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of A shill, in the Returns Petitions were depending; Nine, on County of Norfolk:

Account of their then serving on Select Com- An Act for naturalizing Simon Tamm:

mittees; Twenty-three, on Account of their An Act for naturalizing John Andrew De Luc:

having already, in this Session of Parliament, An Act for ’naturalizing Thomas Oom, Charles Fre-

served . on Select Committees; and Seven, on derick Bremer, and Daniel Philipp Dobbert.

Account of their having voted at the said

Election. Mr. Johnston, from the Select Committee, who were Cricklade

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti- RlcctluIU drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being tion of John Walker Heneage, and Robert Nicholas, complete; Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names

Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened; .

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Royal Absent Then Mr. Speaker reported, That the House attended to Bills. His Majesty on Thursday, the 24th Day of March last, in the House6f Peers, where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eight-five:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the High Street, and other Places, within the Town of Huntingdon, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein:

An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and certain new Houses of Correction, for the County of Gloucester, and for regulating the same:

An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Char nock, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and several other <c Roads therein mentioned

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several 46 Roads leading from Callington, in the County of " Cornwall " and for widening and repairing the Road leading from Bushford to Beal's Mill, in the Parish of Stoke Climsland, and also the Road from Penterscross, in the Parish of Pillaton, to a Place called The Fighting Cocks, in the Parish of Botes Fleming, all in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Horsham to the Top of Beetling Hill, and from Steynwg to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for inclosing, and leasing or letting, a certain Common, and certain Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Marston Montgomery, in the County of Derby, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, and other Parochial Taxes of the said Parish:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common or Stinted Pastures, Wolds, Ings, Sands, Meadow Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of South Cave, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Vo L. 40.

are thereunto subscribed. Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Robert Adamson, Esqpire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Charles Westley Core, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Walker Heneage, Esqtiire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said John Walker Heneage, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgees to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Robert Nicholas, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Robert Nicholas, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, and amend the same, by rasing out the Names of Robert Adamson, and Charles Westley Coxe, Esquires, and inserting the Names of John Walker Heneage, and Robert Nicholas, Esquires, instead thereof.

Mr. Johnston also reported from the said Select Committee, That the Committee had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow ejh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Conduct of the Returning Officer, in taking the Poll, and making the Return, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wills, was partial and illegal, whereby a colourable Majority was obtained on the Poll for Mr. Adamson and Mr. Coxe.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further: Consideration upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Hereford to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ. % for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present y G Parliament

Southwark

Election.

American

Trade.

4° Aprilis. A. 1785.

Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the room of Robert Phillipps, Esquire, who since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desboivugh, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Amendment Was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committed

Mr. Pratt, from the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Sir Richard Hotham, Knight; and also, the Petition of Elisha Tebb, Benjamin Shaw, John King, John Kent, Thomas Thomas, Joseph Bromley, and James Sayle, and others, Electors in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Paul Le Mesurier, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain " Instruments from being required from Ships be-u longing to the United States of America; and to " give to His Majesty, for a’ limited Time, certain " Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Com-€( merce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United " States;" and for continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the " Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for " giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the

Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the In-u habitants of the United States of America, to the " Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the " British Colonies and Plantations in America, with " respect to certain Articles therein mentioned And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received;

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the 6

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Cotton ing, resolve itsdf into a Committee of the whole House, Stuffs to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Trade* Clergy,. Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers,

Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the; Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton,

Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury,

Charley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means* whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Commercial Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Inttrcour8e whole House, to consider further of so much of His Wlt rean Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Militia, whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned, being Bucks again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- Election, tend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of John Parry and Dudley Long, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows; viz.

Edward Phelips, Esquire, Dwnkl Pulteney, Esquire, the Honourable Edward James Eliot, John Call, Esquire,

Sir Charles Preston, Baronet, the Honourable John Eliot, Sir John Miller, Baronet, Robert Colt, Esquire,

John Macnamara1 Esquire, Sir Charles Kent, Baronet,

John Kynaston, Esquire, Lord Viscount Duneanmn, Alexander Popham, Esquire, John Parry> Esquire,

Dudley Long, Esquire.

And

25 Ge{). III. 40 Aprilis. 750

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Verney of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers* appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Call of the Ordered, That this House be called over upon

House. Tomorrow Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant

April.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Severn Na- A Petition of the Bailiff, Aldermen, and Capital vigation. Burgesses, of the Borough of Bezvdleij, in the County of Worcester, in Common Hall assembled, under their Corporation Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is made for Leave to bring in a Bill for impowering certain Persons to improve the Navigation of the River Severn, from or near Stour port, in the County of Worcester, to or near the City of Gloucester; and Alledging, That the Borough of Btwdley aforesaid is an ancient Borough, and a Town of considerable Trade, and hath, for a great Number of Years last past, had large Quantities of Goods from the Port of Bristol, and other Places, earned up and down the River Severn, which, from Time immemorial, hath been a free River, and, if a Bill should pass into a Law, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, the Trade and Property of the said Town will be greatly prejudiced thereby; and that it appears to the Petitioners to be a partial Plan, and, if a Tonnage, or Duty shall be laid on the Vessels which carry Goods on the said River, and the Revenues arising from the said Duties shall only be appropriated towards improving, or attempting to improve, the Navigation of the said River towards Gloucester, the same will materially affect the Petitioners and the other Inhabitants of the said Borough, and be a Burthen on them, from which they can receive no Benefit: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may have such further and other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Commercial A Petition of the Weavers and Inhabitants residing InUrcourse in the Town of Paisley, and its Vicinity, was presented with Ireland. to House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, consisting of many Thousands of His Majesty’s loyal and dutiful Subjects, have seen, with the greatest Concern, the Resolutions entered into by the House of Commons of Ireland, relating to a Commercial Intercourse betwixt that Country and Gi'eat Britain, and which are at present under the Consideration of the Parliament of Great Britain; and that the Petitioners are strongly of Opinion, that, were these Resolutions carried into a Law, the Consequences would be the most destructive and ruinous to the Trade and Manufacture of this Country, for the Irish, from the various Advantages of their Situation and Vol. 40.

Circumstances, will be able to undersell the Manufacturers of this Country in every Species of Manufacture, by which Means that Trade, which has hitherto supported the Petitioners, will be totally annihilated, and themselves and Families reduced to the greatest Distress: In these Circumstances, the Petitioners humbly pray, That the House will not pass the Resolutions above-mentioned into a Law, but will allow the Petitioners to be heard against them, by Counsel, at the Bar.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the operative Weavers in the City of Commercial Glasgow, Ruthcrglen, and Neighbourhood, consisting Intercourse of Thirteen thousand Two hundred and Forty-three with Irelandr Persons, assembled the 28th Day of March, Seventeen hundred and Eighty-five Years, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners,

His Majesty’s loyal and dutiful Subjects, have seen, with the deepest Concern, certain Resolutions relative to a Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, which have passed in the House of Commons of Ireland> and which are presently under the Consideration of the Parliament of Britain; and that the Petitioners consider these Resolutions as destructive and ruinous to the Trade and Manufactures of this Part of the Country, and, if these Resolutions are passed into a Law, the Irish, from the many Advantages of Situation and Circumstances, will be able to undersell the Manufacturers in this Place in their own Market, as well as in every other; their Trade, by which the Petitioners have hitherto been supported, will be utterly ruined, and the Petitioners reduced to Beggary: In these Circumstances, the Petitioners humbly pray, That the House will be pleased not to pass the Resolutions above-mentioned into a Law, and will allow the Petitioners to be heard against them, by Counsel, at the Bar: This Petition is, after being fully considered, appointed to be signed by their Prseses, and other Managers specially authorized and elected for this Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the Signing of House, of the 14th Day of November 1689, might be Petlllons* read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followed; vix.

" Resotoed, That all Petitions presented to the €€ House, ought to be signed by the Petitioners with " their own Hands, by their Names or Marks."

Ordered, That the said Resolution be printed in the Votes of this Day.

A Petition of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Commercial the Town of Dunfermline, in Scotland, was presented Intercourse to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe- wlt n titioners apprehend, that the Resolutions*, lately passed in

Commercial Intercourse 'with Ireland.

Cotton

Trade.

4® Apri.

in the Parliament of Ireland, and now under Consideration of this House, will, if passed into a Law, be attended with the most hurtful consequences to the Petitioners, who carry on, to a great Extent, the Manufacture of Linen, and other Articles, in the Town of Dunfermline, and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying the House to allow them to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Resolutions being passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Traders of the Town and Neighbourhood of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the Plan for a Regulation of the Commercial Intercourse between this Kingdom and Ireland\ now under the Consideration of Parliament, involves in it Consequences of the highest Importance to the Welfare and Prosperity of the Manufactures of the said Town and Neighbourhood: That, on every Principle of Reason and Justice, Ireland is entitled to, and ought to enjoy, every Benefit which may result from the Adjustment of a System of fair and equitable Commercial Regulations between the Two Kingdoms, founded on the Principle of an equal Participation of Burthens and Advantages; but the Resolutions adopted by the Parliament of Ireland appear to the Petitioners not to hold forth such a Participation of Burthens and Advantages, for the People of Ireland (where Taxes are comparatively low, and Labour cheap) being admitted to a full Participation of all the Commercial Advantages enjoyed by Great Britain (where Taxes are very high, and consequently Labour dear) will be enabled to bring their Produce and Manufactures to Market considerably lower than the People of this Country, whence the Emigration of our Manufacturers and Artificers will ensue, and the most fatal Consequences to the Commercial and Landed Interests of this Country may be reasonably apprehended: And therefore praying, That the said Resolutions may not pass into a Law, but that full Time may be allowed for Information on a Subject which merits the most complete and ample Investigation, and wherein the Interests of every Individual of the Community are so deeply concerned; and that a System may be formed, in which the Burthens and Advantages shall be reciprocally equal and proportional.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Cotton and Callico Manufacturers and Printers in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Counties adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are concerned in a very extensive Manufacture of Cotton Goods for printing, and in the printing of Cottons and Callicoes, and this Branch of the Cotton Trade raises a very considerable Revenue to Government, and finds Employment for more of the industrious Poor than all the other Branches of the Cotton Trade; and that the Petitioners have been very much injured in their. Trade by a heavy Tax imposed the last Session of Parliament bn the Bleaching and Dying of Cotton Goods; that owing to the increased Capital required, and the Impossibility of advancing the Goods, their Trade has been very much on the Decline since that Period; that the Duties on this Manufacture, when printed, are so considerable, that they are very much evaded, by which thfc fair Trader sustains great Injury, as well as His Majesty's Revenue; that, owing to the great Importation of East India Callicoes, and the reduced Prices at which they are sold, the Petitioners are not only deprived of their Foreign Trade, but also of a Part of the Consumption of this Kingdom i And therefore praying, That the House will take these Premises into their Consideration, and re- peal the said Act, and that they may be he&rd by themselves, or Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the tvhole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers* and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warring* ton, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Charley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of some of the principal Manufacturers Cotton of Manchester, was presented to the House, and read; Trade. Setting forth, That they see, with the most poignant Regret, the Calamities falling on the Manufacturers of this Kingdom, and in particular on those of Lancashire, and cannot help expressing their great Astonishment, that, whilst the Minister is proposing the most salutary Provisions for the Protection and Extension of the Irish Commerce and Manufactures, he is introducing Hosts of Excise Officers amongst those of this Kingdom, whose Operations are not only intolerably vexatious and ruinous, but also subversive of their Liberty, both as Citizens and Manufacturers; they conceive it their Duty at this critical Moment, to apprize the House of the Dangers arising from these ruinous Systems; the Petitioners are fully convinced, after a fair Trial, that the Cotton Manufactures of this Kingdom cannot long exist under oppressive and restrictive Excise Laws; and, if the Act, imposing a Duty on that Manufacture, is not repealed, they are extremely sorry to be under the Necessity of informing the House, that they shall be reduced to the sad Alternative of leaving this devoted Country, with their Families, Properties, and Dependants, and, for that Purpose, have already begun to stop their Manufactures:

And therefore the Petitioners, considering this House the Guardians of the Manufactures and Prosperity of this Kingdom, humbly beg they will take into their most serious Consideration the dreadful Consequences these Laws are likely to produce, and that such Measures may be adopted as to avert these impending Evils.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others interested in the Fustian Trade in the Towns of Manchestei', Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Waning-ton, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chor/ey, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel cn le Frith, and in the Boroughs of IVigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chesta%, and Derby, is referred.

A Petition

?5 Geo. III. 40 Aprili7

Cotton A Petition of the Cotton Manufacturers in the

Trade. Neighbourhood of Manchester, commonly called

Country-Makers, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Leave to represent the great Difficulties and Distress they are involved in since the Act imposing an Excise Duty on Bleached and Dyed Fustians became a Law: The Petitioners being Manufacturers of Fustians in the Neighbourhood of Manchester, and dispose of the same in an unfinished State to the principal Manufacturers of that Place, have, under full Confidence of that obnoxious Act being repealed, and also from the laudable Desire of employing the Poor, continued to Manufacture their usual Quantity of Goods, which ha9 likewise been the Means of preserving the Peace of that populous County; but they are extremely sorry to be under the Necessity of informing the House that they are now no longer capable of employing their Workmen, their Capitals being totally swallowed up in an immense Stock of manufactured Goods, which they cannot dispose of at any Price, owing to a general Stagnation in consequence of this arbitrary and ruinous Excise Law, their Credit is nearly exhausted, and they find themselves reduced to such an Extremity, that they fear universal Bankruptcy is like to take Piace amongst them, their poor industrious Mechanics are daily emigrating, for want of Employ, to other more hospitable Countries, who gladly embrace them; but what is still more to be dreaded, is the Hand of lawless Riots, which must soon take Place, if not timely prevented by the House: And therefore the Petitioners presume to make use of this Constitutional Mode of laying their Calamities before the House, not doubting that they wfill grant them speedy Relief, by repealing the impolitic Act passed last Sessions of Parliament, imposing au Excise Duty on Dyed and Bleached Fustians.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, C/iorley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester', and Derby, is referred.

Commercial A Petition of the Committee of Merchants, and the Intercourse principal Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbour-wuh Ireland. hood of Sheffield, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that there are now under Consideration certain Resolutions of the House of Lords, and the Commons of Ireland, which the Petitioners understand are intended to form the Foundation of a lasting Treaty of Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners entertain alarming Apprehensions, that, if those Resolutions are adopted by the British Legislature, they would essentially affect the Iron Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain in general, and those of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield in particular, and, as the preseut Duty on Bar Iron imported into this Kingdom cannot be reduced without great Injury to its Forges (which it is the Interest and Policy of this Country to encourage) the Duty on this Article when imported into Ireland should be equal to the Duties now paid on Importation into this Kingdom, otherwise the Iron Manufacturers of Ireland would have such decisive Advantage as might, in a short Space of Time, most materially injure, if not wholly destroy, the Iron Trade of the said Town and Neighbourhood in Foreign Markets, as the Petitioners % apprehend that at least Three Fourths of the Bar Iron Vql. 40;

employed in this Manufacture are imported from Abroad on a Duty of £. 2. 16s. per Ton, at the same Time that the Duty on the Importation of the same Material into Ireland does not now exceed Ten Shillings (Irish) per Ton: And therefore praying, That the House will grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Ironmasters, Nail-Manufacturers, Commercial and others concerned in the Manufacturing of Iron, hrtereoun* met at The Swan Inn, in Westbromwich, in the County wlt re m ' of Stafford, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been informed, that certain Resolutions of the House of Commons of Ireland, relating to the Adjustment of a Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and that Kingdom, have been presented to this House, as they understood, for Investigation, and that such Alterations might be made therein as should appear essential for the Protection of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent a numerous Migration of Artists; and therefore, some Weeks since, a General Meeting, convened to take this important Business into Consideration, conveyed to a few Noblemen and Members of Parliament such Representations as, they apprehended, were material to the Iron Trade which had been long established in this Neighbourhood, but, the Petitioners being now assured that no Alterations whatever are intended to be made in those Resolutions, which, if carried into a Law, would be extremely injurious to the Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom, presume humbly to represent that the Petitioners alone employ many Thousand Persons in the Iron Trade; that the Duty upon Bar Iron imported into this Kingdom is £. 2. i6j. 1 d. per Ton, and in Ireland no more than 9s. 2d. English Money; and that, by the United States of America having become independent of this Country, the Irish accidentally possess the Liberty of exporting Iron Wares to those States free of Duty, and, now an Intercourse with them is opened, the Advantage to Manufacturers of Iron in Ireland is so great, that there can be no Doubt some of the substantid Manufacturers in this Vicinity will establish Works in that Country, and therefore, unless some effectual Means are adopted for the Protection of the Iron Trade in this Kingdom, many Workmen will be removed to Ireland: And therefore praying, That the Commercial Intercourse between Britain and Ireland may not be finally settled without equal Duties being imposed upon Bar Iron imported into both Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Sail Canvas, in Dltt* the Town of Warrington, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Contractors for supplying His Majesty’s Navy, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting ford), That the Petitioners are very apprehensive, that, if the Propositions now depending in Parliament for regulating the Commercial Intercourse between this Country and Ireland receive the Sanction of the British Legislature, they will eventually destroy the Sail Canvas Manufacture in Britain: That the 9 H Legislature

i6j, 40 ApriltS A. 1785.

' Legislature of this Country has ever tnade the Manufacture of British Sail Canvas an Object of so much Importance as to encourage and protect it, by granting Bounties on the Exportation of it to other Cdud tries, and imposing Duties on the Importation df Foreign Sail Canvas into Great Britain; they viewed it not only as a Manufacture giving Employment to great Numbers of His Majesty’s Subjects, but also as furnishing the Nation in Time of Waf with an internal Supply of an Article necessary to bur Existence as a great Naval Power} that considerable Quantities of Hemp and Flax are grown in Ireland, and, in consequence of this, and the low Price of Provisions and Labour (owing to their Exemption froih the heavy Taxes to which we are subject) the Irish have, for a considerable Time* been enabled to supply this Country with large Quantities of Linen Yarn, subject td a Duty of Four pei' Cent, on Exportation, and they consequently can manufacture Sail Canvas iriuch lower thaii it can be made here; and that if the Bounty on what is sent to Ireland be discontinued, not only the fcxport to that Kingdom will be lost* but the Manufacture there will become established, and the Irish will be able to undersell the British Manufacturer both at Foreign Markets, and alk> in this Country, the Consequence must be that the Sail Canvas Manufacture w ill be entirely removed to Ireland\ and not only the Merchant hero, but also the British Navy, become dependent on that Country for the Supply of so necessary an Article, subject to the Delays and Disappointments that \Vould arise from contrary Winds, and Depredations of the Enemy, and the Supply may be entirely , cut off by our Enemies having a superior Fleet at Sea, or an Invasion of Ireland: And therefore praying, That the House w ill not take off the Bounty on Sail Canvas exported to Ireland, or make any other Regulations which may have a Tendency to injure the Sail Canvas Manufacture, already in a very reduced Situation, or that the House will grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Commercial A Petition of the Manufacturers of Sail-Cloth in the

Intercourse Town of Lancaster, and others nearly interested therewith Ireland. in> whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Propositions now depending in Parliament, for regulating and establishing a Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, have excited in the Petitioners well-grounded Fears and Apprehensions that the British Sail-Cloth Manufacture must be eventually ruined, should the said Regulations be carried into Effect: That the British Legislature hath heretofore considered the Manufacture of British Sail-Cloth an Object of so much Importance (not simply as a Manufacture only affording a comfortable Means of Support to great Numbers of His Majesty's Subjects, but more particularly as a Naval Store, which it has always been thought the Nation ought to be in full Possession of) as to encourage and protect the same by Bounties given upon the Exportation of British-made Sail-Cloth, and to impose Duties upon the Importation of Sail-Cloth from all other Countries; and that, if the Bounty heretofore paid upon the Exportation of British-made Sail-Cloth to Ireland be discontinued, and Irish Sail-Cloth be admitted into Great Britain Duty-free, Cheapness of Living, Exemption from Taxes, and consequent low Price of Labour in Ireland, will give that Nation a decided Advantage over, and enable the Irish to undersell the British Sail-Cloth

Manufacturer, both at Home and in all Foreign Markets, and in a short Time the British Navy must become dependent upon Ireland for a Supply of Canvas:

And therefore praying, That the Bounty given upon the Exportation of British-made Sail-Cloth to Ireland may be continued, and that Irish Sail-Cloth may not be admitted into Great Britain Duty-free; or that such other Means may be adopted, for the Preservation and Protection of the British Sail-Cloth Manufacture, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Cohimittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Fustians, Cotton commertiai Velvets, and other Cotton Goods, and of Linen Cloths Intercourse and Sheeting, in the Borough of Wigan, in the County with Ireland; Palatine of Lancaster, and other Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, dnd read; Setting forth* That the Petitioners are exceedingly alarmed at the Resolutions brought before the House relating to the Commercial Regulations between Great Britain and Ireland, which, If Carried into Effect, they have no Doubt, will be greatly injurious.to the Commerce and Manufactures of this Country i That the principal Parr of the Expence, in the various Articles in the Cotton and Linen Manufactures, consists in the Price of Labour, which is greatly enhanced by the many heavy Taxes with which this Country is burthehed, and the People of Ireland, being in a great Measure free from Taxes, the Price of Labour is consequently very low, and* that to carry on the satne Extent of Business in this Country as in Ireland, a much greater Capital will be required, on Account of the Difference in Price of Labour, and the heavy Duties bn the Bleaching and Dying of Cotton Goods: From these Considerations the Petitioners have Reason to fear, that those valuable Branches of Manufacture, which at this Time employ, and in a great Measure support, the greatest Part of the poorest People, will be very materially hurt, if not totally obstructed, and the Consumption of Cotton and Linen Goods in this Country, in Time, wholly supplied by the Manufactures of Ireland; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that no Duties, laid on the Importation of Irish Manufactures, will be a sufficient Security to the British Manufacturer from the above Effects, as it is too well known that high Duties continually operate as an Inducement* to smuggle: And therefore praying,

That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent those Resolutions from passing into a Law, or give the Petitioners such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing, for a Time Trade with to he limited, an Act made in the Twenty-third Year America, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for preventing certain Instruments from being " required from Ships belonging to the United States " of Ain erica; and to give to His Majesty, for a " limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying " on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of " His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the " said United States and for continuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An

35 GeQ. III.

" An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made " in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, u for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better " carrying on Trade and Commerce between the " Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the In-u habitants of the United States of America, to the " Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the iC British Colonies and Plantations in America, with " respect to certain Articles therein mentioned," was r^ad the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act* made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for pre-M venting certain Instruments from being required " from Ships belonging to the United States of Ame-€i rica, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, u certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said " United Statesand for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twentythird Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the " United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and " Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles iC therein mentioned."

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Supply Bill; Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Land Tax. for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of " the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightyfive;" together with those named in Three former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 5* die Aprilis;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP* Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

Elgin and rTHII E Hour appointed for taking into Conside-Forrfs Elec- JL ration the Petition of Alexander Penrose Cumming, of Altyre, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Freeholders of the Shire of Elgin and Forres, thereunto subscribing, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Shire, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he wept accordingly. .,.

And being returned;

And a Member present having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, /ind taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Twenty-eight Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked; the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put itato Six Glasses;- and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mfr Speaker-to the House.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present^ were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That,- in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Four, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Seven, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Three, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Six, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; and One, on Account of his having voted at the said Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners named John Grant\

Esquire, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member named Sir William Cunynghame, Baronet, to serve on the said Select Committee. ’

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew'.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord- Crickladt ing to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Election. Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Exchequer the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Bills, in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-four."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

y ol. 4o*

To

&V\'»

Richmond

Poor.

Exeter Poor.

5' Aprilis. 1785.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills* " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four."

The Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million.

Exchequer, John Hughson.

thri 5th Day of April 1785.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by Mr. Ambler presented to the House, according to themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon Order, a Bill to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the their Petition, if they think fit.

Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Ordered\ That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Petition.

Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and send for Persons, Papers, and Records, hatching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee Parish of Richmond aforesaid, and for the Removal have Voices, and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein: And the same was received; Mr. Mat'sham presented to the House, according to Haselden's

and read the First Time. Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Wood Road.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of the Second

and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are and widening the Roads from the White Post on thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Haselden's Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke,' to Apple-others, who pay to the Poor Rates for the Relief and dore Heath; and from Milkhoase Street, in the same Maintenance of the Poor within the City and County Parish, to Castledehs Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden;

of the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tenter-

read; Taking Notice of the Bill to render more den, through Rolvetiden, to the Turnpike lioad, in the effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospi- Parish of Newenden, in the County of Kent: And the tals and Workhouses within the City and County of same was received; and read the First Time, the City of Exon, for the better employing and main- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, tuining the Poor there, and to raise further Sums of

Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said A Petition was presented to the House, and read; itepresen-

Acts into Execution; and Setting forth, That the said Setting Jorth, We, the Freeholders of the County of tation in

Bill not only contains divers Powers, Provisions, and Nottingham, assembled at Newark, in a General Meet- Parliament. Regulations, which, if passed into a Law, would be ing, pursuant to the Summons of the High Sheriff,

extremely prejudicial and grievously burthensome on approach your Honourable House, with a respectful

the Petitioners and others, Payers to the Rates for Confidence, to request, for ourselves, and for our Relief of the Poor within the said City and County, Country, the Restoration of those Rights in which the but, the Petitioners alledge, that the several Statutes Honour and Happiness of the whole Community are now in Force, relating to the Poor of the said City and involved: We had been taught to revere our Consti-County, are, in many Respects, very inconvenient, de- tution, to believe it to be in its Nature guarded fective, and insufficient, and are very oppressive to the against Abuse, and, while Things went well, we con-Petitioners, and others in the like Situation: Arid eluded that all was well, and that the Constitution,

therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them- to which we attributed our Blessings, continued to de-

selves, their Witnesses, Agents, and Counsel, against serve our Reverence: Fatal Experience of the hea-

such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and viest Ills that can fall on a great and liberal Nation

that they maybe at Liberty to* offer such Clauses and has undeceived us, and, with Grief and Shame, we Matter of Amendment thereto, as may appear requi- have found, that the Prosperity of better Times was site and reasonable, and that the said Bill may not pass derived from the better Spirit of those Times, that into a Law, as it now stands, or that they may have when this better Spirit was gone, the Weakness and such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall Degeneracy of our Constitutional Frame betrayed it-seem meet. 'self; that, that which is the Essence of it, a true and

6 t umnixed

25 Geo. III. 5"'Jpfilis, 765

unmixed Representation of the People, had but a very partial Existence, and, that to this radical Corruption all the Evils of our Country are indisputably to be ascribed: Presuming that National Disgrace and Ruin are equally unacceptable to you as to us, we earnestly request, at your I lands; that which alone remains to our Recovery: We request that ypur Honourable House be again rendered what it was ever designed to be,' the Representation of the Commons1 of England, and of the Commons alone; that the Abuses which Time, which Accident, or Design, have introduced into it, be done away, and, that there be, in its Formation, a Security that the Voice of the People’ of England be found in your future Deliberations: We earnestly request the Repeal of the Septennial Act, that Duration of Parliamentary Trust Whuch the People never gave, never meant to give, in which we see nothing but what is dangerous to all the Interests of the People, what tends to an Oblivion . of the Connection between you and the People, and, as a daring Precedent, may lead to a total Abolition of it: To you we look for the Restoration of these Rights, a purer Representation of the People, and a more limited Duration of Parliamentary Trust; nor can we permit ourselves to doubt, that a Petition of so much Right, Wisdom, and National Safety, will vindicate itself to your Honourable House, will meet with that instant and serious Attention which its immense Importance requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Messuages and Cottages, Lands, and Estates, within the Township of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York) and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Clauses and Provisions, which, the Petitioners conceive, will be highly injurious to their Property in the said Township, and particularly such Part of the said Bill as compels them, and all others, Owners of certain inclosed Lands, and certain Arable Fields, which are Part open, and Part inclosed, within the said Township, to pay an Annual Payment or Yearly Sum of £. 280, in lieu of the Tythes thereof: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost and Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting several public Buildings in the City of Edinburgh, and to impower the Trustees therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose, and also, for widening Vql. 40.

and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading the reunto: And also,

An Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Royalty of th6 City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh for the Benefit of the said City, and to enable His Majesty to gi ant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre in the City of Edinburgh, or Suburbs thereof* were read: And

Mr. Walter Ross being examined, said, That in consequence of the said Acts, public Buildings have been erected, and a Communication formed bjf a Bridge to the Northward; but the Avenues to the City from the South being still harrow, steep, and inconvenient, it is expedient to open a Communication by a Bridge over the Cow Gate, and by Streets from the said Bridge to the Squares, Streets, and Rows, on the South Side of the Oity- — that it is also necessary to form a Communication betwixt the Launmercate and the Streets on the West Parts of the new-extended Royalty, and to enlarge the public Markets, and make convenient Roads and Passages to them — that several Buildings in the University of Edinburgh are in a ruinous Condition, and the Apartments, from the Increase of Students, are incommodious, so that it is necessary wholly, or in Party to rebuild the same — that the present Mode of levying certain Taxes on the Citizens of Edinburghthe Liberties and Suburbs thereof, is attended with much Expence and Trouble* and that it is necessary to have the same established for supporting the Police of the City on a more equal Principle, and less expensive Collection — that it is also necessary to raise a sufficient Sum of Money by Way of Tax on the Inhabitants, to defray the Expence of lighting the said City and Suburbs — that a further Supply of Water is, by Reason of the Increase of the Number of Inhabitants, become necessary; and that it is also necessary to extend the Royalty over certain Grounds lately purchased by the City, and over Grounds belonging to such Persons as by their Title Deeds are bound to pay the ordinary Taxes payable by the Citizens; and that in order to carry these Measures into Execution, it will be necessary to purchase certain Lands and Houses, to equalize the Land Tax payable by the City and the Liberties thereof, to extend a Proportion of the said Tax over the Districts to the South of the City, and to obtain such Powers and Authorities as may be requisite for effecting the above-mentioned useful and necessary Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening an easy and commodious Communication from the High Street of* Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas for that Purpose, for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same, for rebuilding or improving the University, for enlarging the public Markets and Communications thereto, for regulating certain Taxes, for lighting the said City, for providing an additional Supply of Water, and for extending the Royalty of the said City: And that Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Henty Dundas, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Tempest reported from the Committee, to whom Sunderland the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement Port of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several 9* I Amendments

*i6$ Aptitis.: 1785.

Amendments thereunto, which they had' difeetfti him to report to the House; and he, read- the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ,the Bill, with. the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;' -Where the Amendments were Once read throughoutand then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

the Table until: the said Bill bet brought-in, might be again read; ,

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Pclition, if they, think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said. Bill, against the said Petition. , ,y

1! , i L , - ' *

Menai A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and

Bridge. Traders, Owners, and Masters of Vessels, of the Port of Chester, was presented^ to -the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by, the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Bridge or Embankment over an Arm of the Sea, between the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, caNed The Sir eights of Menai> at a Place near PorLhacthwy, of Ba)tgw Ferry, called Ynysgebit; and AUedging, That the free Navigation of The Sir eights of Menai is an Object of public; Importance,’ the said Streights being navigable throughout for Vessels of very large Burthen,;:frequented by some Thousand Sail in the Year, and, in particular, by many Vessels, which, on certain Winds, have a secure and speedy Passage here, when they could not otherwise proceed to their Destinations; and that the making the said Bridge, or Embankment* will very materially injure, if not totally ruin, the Navigation of the said Streights, and thereby be detrimental to the Trade and Commerce, Maritime Strength, and Revenue, of this Nation, and to the Interests of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making a Bridge, or Embankment, as aforesaid, may not pass into a Law. 1 -

A Petition of Holland JVUliamsy of PwUycrochan, in the County of Denbigh, Esquire, was also presented to the House, and read'; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is the Owner of Bangor Ferry, the Passage at which is short, and by no Means hazardous, and every Attention is paid to the Men and Boats to render the Conveyance expeditious and commodious at all Times; and that the making a Bridge, or Embankment, as aforesaid, will entirely ruin the Petitioner’s valuable Interest in the said Ferry, notwithstanding which the Petitioner has had no Compensation offered him for the same: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the Bill for making a Bridge, or Embankment, as aforesaid.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland, is referred.

Abingdon . Mr. Loveden Loveden presented to the House, ac< Navigation, cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or v Isis, neat the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the: First Time.

licbolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

The House was moved, That the Petition of the; Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University of Oxford, which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Montagu: - A

Mr. Spefdcer, >: - <

The Lords have agreed. to the Bill* intituled, An Trade wife Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an America. Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for w preventing certain Instruments from being required " from Ships belonging to the United States of Ame+ rica, and to Jgive to His Majesty, for a limited c* Time, certain Powers for the better carrying of u Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the " said United States;" and for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the " Twenty-third ‘Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying " on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of " His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the " United States of America, to the Trade and Conimerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies " and Plantations in America, with respect to certain * Articles therein mentioned y" without any Amendment:

And also, >

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Beveriej,&c, Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act; Hoad, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Perth Rot*, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries. in the County of Perth; without any Amendment: And also; -

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Eurlof vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Kent. and Leicester’s Somerset, and in the City of London, devised by the Will of Thomas late Earl of Leicester, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, situate in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the stale Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this-House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Mtindy presented to the House, according to Brampton Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open inclosure. Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Manor*

Parish, or Free Chapelry of Brampton, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read tlio First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, reported from the Committee, Liverpool to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Docks, several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several 0 Amendments

Elgin and

Forres

Election.

Corn and Grain.

25 Geo. ni. 5 Aprilis.767

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hirp Newnham, Mr. Bramston, and Mr. Strutt, do prepare, to report to the House; and he read the Report iu and bring in, the same.

Ids Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the;

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table* Where the Sir John TVodehouse presented to the House, accord- Tunstead,&c.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then fag to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Po°r. a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Queer nient of the Poor, within the Hundreds of TunsteaQ tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Happing, in the County of Norfolk: And the same

House. i' Was received; dnd read the First Time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, ingrosseef.

J ‘ y:>Mv. Osbaldeston reported from the Committee, to Wykeliam,

The Counsel and’ Agents before mentioned being wh'oiti’the Bill fordividing and inclosing the several Inclo-

again returned to the Bar,'the derk appointed to at-. Common Pastures, Commons;' or Wastq Grounds, sure*

tend the said Select Cwynjttee delivered id to the within the Townships of and Ritston, in

House One Of the Lists, which, had been struck by fae Manor of Wykchah, in the North Riding of the said Counsel in hip presence, together with a new the County of York, was bommitted; ’ That the List of the Names of t;lie Thirteen Members thep Coftiipittee had examined, and found that the Stand-remaining unstruck; toi which last mentioned List the fag Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774,

Names of John Grant, ‘. Esquire, and Sir William relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied

Cunynghame, Baronet, being added, the same was called witjh; and that thfe Committee had examined the Alle-over; and is as follows: 1,1 prions of the Bill,‘add found the same to be true

The Right honourable Frederick Montagu> Sir Ed- and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent ward Astley, Baronet, James Adams, Esquire, Sir WiU to fjie Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and Ham Lemon, Baronet, John Rogers, Esquiref William thjat the Cofapiittee had gone through the Bill, and Fellowes, Inquire, William Praed, Esquire, Peinjstoy nid.de several Amendments thereunto, which they had Port lock Pmvney, Esquire, William Middleton, Esquire, directed hirri to report Jo the House; arid he read John Polkafen Bastardy Esquire, John Smyth, Esquire, the Report; in his Place^ and afterwards delivered Isaac Hazvkins Browne, Esquire, John A7c//o&, Esquire, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s John Grant, Esquire,' Sir William Cunynghame, Ba- Ta'ble: . Where the Amendrqents were Once' read ronet. throughput; apd then a Second Time,;unp by One;

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition agreed to by the House. '

of Alexander Penrose Cumming, of Altyrc, Esquire; # Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and also, the Petition of the Freeholders of the Shire of fagrpssed. ,; >

Elgin and Forres, thereunto subscribing, now taken into V' ' . M

Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Tablp, in Ordered,'That there be laid before this House, the Cricklad* the usual Manner. 1 Minutes of the Proceedings taken before the Select Election.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides Committee, who ^ere appbriited; to try and determine withdrew. the Merits or the Petition of JoUilJValker Hcneage and

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet Robert ^fycholas, Esquires; 'arid , also the Petition of

forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers, appoint- these wrh’ose Names are thereunto Subscribed, Voters

ed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections. ’ for Burgfesses to serve in Parliatnerit for the Bordligh of

of Cricklade, in thri County of Wilts, severally com-Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do make plaining of an imdue Election and Rethrr^ for the said

the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Borough. \

to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made . !

in the Tw?enty:first Year of the Reign of His present Ordered, That Mr. Isaac Hazvkins Browne'he added British Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating to the Committee who ath appointed to enquire into Fisheiie«.

" and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of the State of the British Fisheries, and info the most " Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, u therein mentioned." and to report the same from Time to Tiuify With their

Ordered, That the said Report be now received. Opinion thereupon, to the House. (

Mr. Alderman Nexonham accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had directed Sir John Saint Aubyn presented to the House, acr penryn the House to be moved, that Leave be given to bring cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Roads, in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Reign f of His present Majesty, for amending and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George widening the Roads leading from New Street, and Pig the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating Street, in Penryn, in the County of Corcrwall, to Redand ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of ruth, in the same County: And the same was received;

" Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places and read the First Time. ‘

" therein mentioned," and lbrextending the Powers.^and Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Provisions thereof to all Places within that Bart of ,;

Great Britain called England. \ / Mr. William ^PDoxoall reported from the Commit- paisiey Tw©

And Mr. Alderman Newnham moved the House fee, to whom the Petition of the Magistrates and Pennies accordingly. Tow n Council, and other Burgesses, of Paisley, in the Scots.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for County of Renfrew, in North Britain, was referred; explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, of His present Majesty King George the Third, intir as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the tuled, " An Act for further regulating and ascertain- Report in his Place;, and afterwards delivered it in at " ing the Importation and Exportation of Corn and the Clerk $ Table; Where the same wa§ read and is as " Grain, within several Ports and Places therein men- followed); viz. f\; , ’

" tioned," and for extending the Powers and Provi- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an sions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign Britain called England: And that Mr. Alderman of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

Vol. 40. "An

768 £ Aprilis: 1785*

V An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or u One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots " Pint of Ale or Beer which shall be brewed for u Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the u Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the 11 County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation u of the River Cart; and for other Purposes," was read. And, *

Patrick Colquhoun, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Money raised in pursuance of the said Act has been duly laid out and applied, according to the Directions thereof — But that the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted cannot be completed within the Term granted by the said Act, and which Term is now near expiring; and that he apprehends a Prolongation of the same would be of great Advantage to the Community of the said Burgh of Paisley, and to the Public in general, and that it will be necessary to make the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part 01 a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties there* of, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes: And that Mr. William M'Dowall, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. John James Hamilton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Commercial A Petition of the Sail Cloth Manufacturers of the

Intercourte Town of Kirkham, in the County of Lancaster, and

with Ireland, others materially interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, impressed with a just Sense of the great Importance of the Sail Cloth Manufacture, not only for the Protection of this Country, but the Maintenance of many Thousands of poor Families, are exceedingly startled at the Propositions now depending in the House, relative to the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, which, if passed into a Law, they have no Doubt will be big with the most destructive Consequences to the Sail Cloth Manufacture, and naturally to the Safety of this Kingdom; that the establishing the Manufacture of Sail Cloth within this Kingdom has ever been justly esteemed an Object of the greatest Importance for its own Protection and Defence, and there is no Naval Store more necessary for a Maritime Power, nor any Manufacture more deserving Encouragement from a Commercial Country; that Siis Kingdom might not be dependant upon any Foreign State for this essential Article in Time of War, as was formerly the Case, the Wisdom of the Legislature heretofore thought proper to impose very high Duties upon the Importation of Foreign Sail Cloth, and to grant Bounties upon the Exportation of British Sail Cloth, by Means whereof the Trade is extended to so great a Degree, as to be able to supply the Navy of this Kingdom with Expedition and Certainty in Time of War; and that, if the Bounty upon the Exportation of British Sail Cloth to Ireland is not continued, and the Admission of Irish Sail Cloth be permitted, exclusive of Taxes, into this Kingdom, the Price of Labour in Ireland, which is so much cheaper than in England, and their comparative Exemption from Taxes, will enable the Irish to manufacture Sail Cloth upon better Terms than the English, and consequently deprive this Kingdom not only of Foreign Markets, but Domestic Consumption; that, besides a total Subversion to this Country of the Sail Cloth Manufacture, important Consequences in Time of War may arise by establishing it in Ireland, from whence it must be brought for the Use of the British

Navy, and be subject to the Depredations of the Enemy; and that, amongst the various Branches of Manufacture now in a distressed Situation, there are none in so low a State, Qr requiring more Aid, than that of the Sail Cloth: And therefore the Petitioners hope,

That the Bounties granted Upon Exportation of British Sail Cloth to Ireland Uiay be continued as they now are, and that an Admission of the Irish Sail Cloth be not permitted into Great Britain free from Duty, or that such other Means may be put in Execution for the Preservation and Defence of the British Sail Cloth Manufacture, as to the House shall seem most necessary and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred ta consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

1

A Petition of the distressed Fustian Cutters in the Cotton Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, was pre- Trade, sented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have been involved in the greatest Distress ever since the Act imposing a Duty on Bleached and Dyed Fustians took Place, and the principal Manufacturers have taken infinite Pains to obtain a Repeal of the said destructive Law, but hitherto without Effect; that the Petitioners have waited for that desirable Event with . an unexampled Patience, and although their Employers have, much to their own Detriment, kept the Petitioners from actually starving, yet they are nearly in that Situation; and that the Hardships of the Petitioners have been represented at different Times by Gentlemen sent for that Purpose, yet none are so able to describe Miseries, as those who feel them, and, as many considerable Manufacturers are now turning off their Workmen, the Petitioners Miseries will be thereby doubled, and, as Encouragement has been often held out to the Petitioners, inviting them to emigrate to Countries not subject to the British Crown, they apprehend their present Miseries, and future dreadful Prospects, will, if the Prayer of their Petition cannot be granted, at length force them from their Country: And therefore praying, That the House will grant a speedy Repeal of the said destructive Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,

Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorley,

Stockbort, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Nexvton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, for draining and preserving certain Timberland Low Lands, within the Parish of Timberland, in the Drainage.

County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Billv to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Bounty on Account of the Amount of all Rewards or Premiums Tar,&c. paid upon the Importation of Tar, Pitch, or Turpentine, from America, since the Year 1718, to the present Time, distinguishing each Year.

An

a5 Geo. III.

6° April

769

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Leicester's for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Kent and state. Somerset, and in the City of London, devised by the Will of Thomas late Earl of Leicester; deceased, in Trustees* to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, situate in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Militia. An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Commercial A Petition of the Manufacturers and Traders of the Intercourse Town of Paisley, was presented to the House, and read; with Ireland. Setting forth, That the Petitioners, impressed with the sincerest Wishes for the Prosperity of Ireland\ would cheerfully concur in any Measure which may serve to promote so desireable an End; at the same Time they cannot help being justly alarmed at some of the Resolutions for a Commercial Arrangement which has lately passed the Irish Parliament, and which are now waiting for the Approbation of this House, as they are persuaded these will, if passed into a Law, operate directly against that Principle which is declared to be the Basis of those Commercial Regulations; and that it appears to the Petitioners, by the Fourth and Seventh Resolutions of the Irish Parliament, that Linens, the great Staple of that Kingdom, will be for ever admitted into Britain free from Duty, whilst the greatest Part of the Manufactures of this Country, particularly those in which, the Petitioners are deeply interested, must for ever remain loaded with a heavy Duty on being imported into Ireland; that the Petitioners are fully convinced of the fatal Tendency.of these Resolutions, which they justly foresee, will be highly detrimental, and, in the End, will entirely revent the Exportation of many of our most valuable lanufactures; They therefore hope the House will

«Tuse their Assent to a System which will prove so estructive to this Kingdom, and consequently oc-sasion many Thousand useful Men to abandon their native Country; and that it appears to the Petitioners, a Commercial Arrangement on equitable Principles, which will admit a free Interchange of all Manufactures between Great Britain and Ireland, highly to be wished for, and would be mutually advantageous to both Countries; the Petitioners therefore hope, that the House will giant their Request, in rejecting the Irish Resolutions in their present Form, and, by allowing a free Interchange between both Countries, or permit them to be heard by Counsel at the Bar of the House, when they may have it in their Power more fully to state the fatal Effects of those Resolu-. tions*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

Vpx. 40.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Land Tax. Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain,

"Tor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-five," together with those named in Three former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resblved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Housexesolved itself into a Committee of the Coium whole House, to consider further of the Petition of Trade-the Gentlemen,i Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others interested in the Fustian Trade in the Towns of Manchester, Sal* ford’ Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham,

Ashton, Bury, Chorley, Stockhort, Macclesfield, and Chapel en k Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses in Support of the said Petition; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again. . ' 1

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition. t

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 25* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

O IR Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, gaint Mary O;to whom the Bill for better paying, widening, Magdalen, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Bermondsey, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part btreet8' of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, called The Waterside Division, and for removing , and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching such Part of the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the County of Kent, as lies within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish, and for other Purposes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Samuel Flower Freeman, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tha same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report , in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question* severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House;

9 K and

77°

IWjtaitys.

" tfnA aft Amendment was made, by the House, to the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ittgFosted.

Gibraltar Sit George Hmcard reported from the Committee, PrizeMoney, to whom the Petition of Lieutenant General Sir Robert Boyd, Knight of the Bath, and Lieutenant Governor df Gibraltar, in Behalf of hfe Brother Officers and Soldiers of the Garrison df Gibraltar? who, by a Vote df Parliament, were entitled to receive Head and Prize Money for the Floiatiftg Betteribs destroyed oft the 13th of September 1782, atwk for the Spanish. Ship of War Saint Michdd, which Wad: token the October following, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Bbtfcknr; and 'had directed him to report thti santoy as it appdafdd to them, to the House; and he read the Report ifthis Place; 4nd aftenwdrd* delivered it in at the Glerkte. Table: Where the same was read;'knd is as folloW-dthr; m. ' G ['.. . .

To prove the Alle^ttens of the said Petition, Go^ lonel Thomas Trigger of the Twelfth Rdgiment of Iteot* being examined; said; That giirease Iriconve* ftiences and Difficulties baye arisen in the Mode 6f Payment of the1 Botinty Mbney directed to be paid to the Garrison of Gibraltar (by Uri Actyiftade in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for authoriitfcgv the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to tftw Garrisori and Ndval ' " Department dt Gibraltar, the like ikkinty for tie-

" straying certain Spanish Ships/ of Wary as is allowed ? to the Officers «fid>Meri >da Bqaardi any of His Mto j^ty’s Sfcip&of War, taking or destroying Ships /of " War belonging to the Enemy,") by the Prize Agents, oft Acebuiit ftf thek limiting their Attendance to ithd First Friday1 in every: Month!; and also; from the Deductions ttohdbby the said: Triie Agents of all broken Money, above and under Six Pence — That if die Prize and Bounty Money was: transferred from the Prize Agents into the Hands of- the Regimental Agents, to be by them distributed among the Officers^ and Soldiers entitled to receive the same^ _ac-cording to the Mode established by a Board of Ge^ neral Officers for the Distribution thereof, the aforesaid Inconveniences Would bte obviated, as the Regimental Agents are in constant Attendance, and the said Deductions would nbt benradU; by which Means the Officers and Men belonging to the Garrison of Gibraltar would be greatly relieved, and receive more speedy Payment of the Money due to them in con-- ' sequence of the Destruction of the floating Batteries*

and the taking the Saint Michael Spanish Ship of *’ ,; War.' \ / ’ ’ ’ ‘ ‘

} "Ordered, TJiat Leave bef given to bring m a Bill for authorizing the Prize' Agents, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing the said Garrison, all stich Surtis as' shall remain of Come to their Hands of the Bounty allowed1 for the Destruction of certain Spariish. Ships of War: And; that; Sit George Howard\ Mi1. Secretory, at War, and Majof Grant, do pre^ pare, and brutg in, the same.

Sir George Augustus Wittiatn Skuekburgh presented Street*8 ®' H^use, according to Order, a Bill for repairing through and Widening the Roads leading from The Gibbet, or' Churchover Lutterworth Hand, on the Watting Street Road, through Roads. the Parishes of Cfturchoter, Brownsower, Nettbold upon* Aton, Rugby, and Biltxm, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dttnchureh and Hitt* mortem, in the said County, aft or near a Public House known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Phrish of Bilton: And the same was received; and! read the First Time.

Redotocd, That the Bill be read* Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants dnd Traders ofr the Mcnai County of Anglesey, Pilots, Ownerfe, and ' Masters of Vessels trading to and from the different Ports thereof, was’ presented to the House, and* read; Seating forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that a. Petitkki has beerr presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Bridge over an Arrft of the Sea between the Counties of Anglesey and Carmai'Von, called The Streights of Menai, at a Place near PorthacikayFCrry, called Ynysgeint; and Alledging, that the free Navigation of The Streighto of M&x&i is an Object of public Importance, the said Streights being ftavigtflMe throughout for Vessels of very large Burthen, atiti fre*-quefnted Anriually by several Thousand Sail Of Vessel^ loaded with different and valuable Merchandize, tfiid the i making a Bridge as aforesaid will very materially injure the Navigation of The Streighte of Afenaf and thereby be detrimental to the Trade and Chinnherce*

Maritime Strength and ReVemte, of tins Nation, and to the Interests of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying,. That they nrfay be heard, by themselves or their Counsel,-against the Bill for making k Bridge as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said-Petition do1 lie upon the Ta- >. bte* until' the Report be ‘received from the Goiftmitte^ '* "* to whom the Petition of sevferal 'Noblemin/'aftd the ( !> 1 humble Petition of several GfentWmen, GlefayfWid others; of the County >of Anglesey arid of other Parts bf Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland, is referred.: ! *j!: Vi

*s . .;i /': .*'-* !.r :.» > i. T ’ J

Mr. George Douglas TepOTtfccl ' frtto ’tlle Com^ scouDyk# to Whom the Petkioft of the several Persons thereftftttf Roads* subscribing, /Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the Fourth'Year of Hist present Majesty, for repairing had widening the Hoad from'Scots Dyke^ ift the County of Dutnfrih,by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hrnwkj to Hare Moss, in the County of Roxburgh^ or Heritors of Lands of the said Counties adjoining to? the said Rohd, wets inferred; »That tho1 Committee had exaftiirtedj and foundt.that Standing Orders of the House, of the > Aprit 1774, relativer to

Turnpike* Bills; bad 1 been complied with; fahd thdt the Commhtee had examined the Matter of {tho said Petition; aftd had directed himi to report^the1 same; ai it ’appeared to -theto/'to the < Mouse; arid " he read tlii Report ini hfe Place; arid ^afterwards delivered 'it in at toe- Clerk’s Table 1 'Where the/ salme was* read; aftd it ks followeth; viz.'; ( ’

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, tB4 said Act was read. And, *

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees ftbminated, and1 appointed in and by virtuft of the sriid Act, s have borrowed several considerably Sums df Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted’ which^ together with the Tolls, have beeft applied aecordiftg to the Directions of the said Acti and that the Sum of £. 5>6oo, with Interest, now remains due, which Mottey cannot- be repaid, nor the Road^ kftpt in pFOpfer1 Repair, unless the Term granted by thq said Act fee further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and dnlarged.; *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made ift the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing aftd Widening the Road from Scotts Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm aftd Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh: And that Mr. George Douglas, Sir Robert Lawrie, and Sir James Johnstone, do prepare, and bring in* the same.

A Petition of the Makers of Pig and Bar Iron, the Commercial Proprietors of Mines, and others interested therein, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being £ apprehensive

J

Qe6.AII. S^Aprilis^ 771

feppyebewiye tbpjri SHetreei upon the Treaty with Irfc4 htidi^ H^roilepeatling in [she House^ maty be conf-$fcrued info: r an Acquiescence with that Measure, as stated in certain Resolutions that: have passed the {louse of Goimtions in Ireland, do iriost humbly represent that, in their Opinion, unless the Parliament , of Ireland can be prevailed upon to lay Duties equal to'those paid: in Great Btitdin on all Materials, imported from Fofeign; States, and used it* Manufactures; no Mode of Equalization can be adopted which will not be extremely injurious to the British Manu^-faatures in gerteral, and destructive to the Iron Manufactures in particular, by which many Thousand Families ato Supported; and that the Petitioners, oppressed with; Taxefr upon; their Manufactures, and upon the . Means which: enable. them to give Bread to the nurrierous Labourers in their Employ, think It their Duty to represent/ to the Housed that sche Effects already felt in many of their Works* from the late Duty upon Bricks, and the Encouragement held odt to some of the Petitioners by the present Advantages enjoyed in Ireland, are Causes which will greatly contribute to a 3peedy Removal of a considerable Fait of their Trade to that Kingdom, they having well-grounded Reason to apprehend, that there will soon be as great a Change in their Branch, as has already happened to that of Glass, from similar Causes, withfA the last Seven Years; and the Petitioners beg Leave to state further, that it is their Opinion, Taxes in general, upon any Manufacture the Produce of thfe Kingdom, will operate most powerfully to check that Spirit of Invention and Industry which has been the Source of our present envied Situation, and, they ai% firmly persuaded, that a Tax upon Bread would bb less injurious to the Poor, than any upon Munufac* tures, as the Money acquired by the ©he enables them to procure the other: And therefore porayfng, That

the present Treaty Arith Ireland may be suspended until it can* be completed, Upon* ecpitafble Terms, by some Pten which has not the same direct Tendency to transplant their Capitals and Manufactures into other Kingdoms* to the great Diminution of the Population and Revenue of Britain.. *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred1 to’‘the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Bouse, to whom it is referred to consider further 6f so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January tost, a4 relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Inters dowse between Great Britain and Ireland. ‘ :t '*

Stockport Sir Robert Salusbtiry Cotton reported from the Com-

SmallDcbtfc; to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants And

Owners of Houses and Lands within the Town, Township, and Barony of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed liim to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is* . as followeffii; viz.

.To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Antrobus Newton being examined, said* That the said Town of Stockpoj't is very populous, and a Place of great Trade, and the Inhabitants thereof, and Persons resorting thereto, suffer great Iuconvenience for wink of the same being properly lighted, cleansed, and watched — That several of the ancient public Highways* Streets; and Passages in the said Town, are very narrow and inconvenient, and greatly obstruct the Commerce thereof.

That the Market Place within the said Town, from the great Increase of Provisions and other . Articles brought to Market, is become insufficient for that Purpose: and the said Market Place, and the

Vol. 40.

Avenifes leading the reto* are very much incommoded by Several Houses and other Buildings, and the Scite of the same is very high, uneven, and in great Want of being reduced to a proper and convenient Le*el--That there are several Common Lands and Waste Grounds Hvithin the said Township, to the Herbage whereof the Otvners of Houses and Lands are entitled by Reason of their Freeholds, which Lands and Grounds are of little Use to the Owners of Houses and Lands within the said Township — That Sir George JVarrenIs the present Lord of the Manor and Barony Of Stockport, and entitled to a Toll upon all Goods exposed to Sale in the public Markets held therein* and to the Soil bf thte? said Lands and Grounds; *

That there Ure* within the said Town, Township* and Barony, sfevefal considerable Manufactories, which employ great Numbers of Persons who contract Small Debts* and although they are well abte, refuse to pay the same, presuming on* the Difficulties their Creditors lie tmdbr by the Expence they are put to, and the Delays they meet with in suing, for the same — That a more easy and speedy Method of recovering such small Debts would tend to Improve Trade, and to support useful Credit

And the Witness added, That the remedying the several Evils above stated, and removing all Obstructions and Annoyances within the said Town, under proper Regulations and Restrictions, will tend greatly to the Safety, Convenience, and Advantage of the Petitioners, and of alL Persons resorting to* and travelling through the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be £iven to bring in a Bill for cfearising, lighting, and watching the Streets, Passages*: and Places within the Tdwn of Stockporti in the* County Palatine' of Che&t&; for preventing Obstructions, NuisaAces,; and Annoyances therein j for widening and enlarging several narrow Streets and Passages, and> for enharging. and improving the Market Place of the said Town; and for selling certain Coitv-i mon Lands and Waste Grounds within the Tofrn&ip of Stockporti and applying the Money arising thereby towards the above-mentioned' Purposes':iAnd that' Sir Robert Sklu&ury Chttwrknd*Mr/ Crewe dopfepare,-anis bring;in*, the same;.: w; <;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bringal Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish, 'Toite, Tbwnshipy: and BkVony of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester; And that'

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, and' Mr;(Cra^db prepare, and bring in, the1 same. . )

' . . M't. . ' ,l .1

An ingrossed Bill toi enlarge the Term and Powei^ Liverpool of several Acts relating, to the Harbour of Liverpool} Dacks. and for making Two additional Docks arid Pibrs in or near the Port of Liverpool, was read the -Third!

Time. * \

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the TeriA aind Powers of several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Two additional Docks and Piers to or near tire Port of Liverpool. ' >

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne, Junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and diesirri their Concurrence;

An ingrossed Bill for taking down thfe present Uxbridge Market House, and certain other Buildings, in the Market Town of Uxbridge, for the Purpose of widening the High Street; and for paving the Fbotways, and lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town, arid removing and preventing* Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercer's Bridge and High Bridge; and for re-building the said Market ‘House, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And’ that the Title be, An Act for taking down the present Market House,

and

773 6° Apri 1785.

and certain other Buildings, in the Town of Uxbridge, for the Purpose of widening the High Street; and for paving the Footways, and lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercers Bridge and High Bridge; and for re-building the said Market House-

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wilkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Edinburgh sir Adam Fergusson presented to the House, accord-cily« ing to Order, a Bill for opening an easy and commodious Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the new extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas for that Purpose, for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same, for re-building or improving the University, for enlarging the public Markets, and Communications thereto, for regulating certain Taxes, for lighting the said City, for providing an additional Supply of Water, and for extending the Royalty of the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Outgoings/ The House being informed that Mr. Powell, from the &c. from Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; ustoms. jie wag ca]je(j in. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Return of the several Outgoings and Deductions from the Gross Amount of the Customs, for the Year ending Midsummer 1784, distinguished under the several Heads, with the Amount of each, so> as to account for the Difference between the said Gross Amount and the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, -, That the said Return do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other; Papers of this Session.

Cricklade Mr. Bastard presented to the House, pursuant to Election. their Order,

The Minutes of the Proceedings taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

And the Tides of the Books containing the said Minutes were read.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Foffont, &c. A Bill for dividing and allotting the Open and Com-Inclosure. # mon and Grounds within the several Parishes of

Foffont, SxvaUowclift, Ebesbome Wake, Broadchallt, Bower chalk, Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifieldin the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-rtiddocke, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Royal Assent A Message by Mr. Quorate, Yeoman Usher of the to Rills. Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Mtyestys

Commission, for declaring His Royal As$ent td several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, *ith the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Cmiterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time,

An Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reiga of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required " from Ships belonging to the United States of " America, and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying oa " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said " United States;" and for continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act, to " extend the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty

third Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the 4‘ United States of America* to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and " Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles " therein mentioned

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York: *

An Act for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for Wyketaa, dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, &c, IdcI. Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships ofm Wykeham and Rustofi, in the Manor of Wykeham, in the North Riding of the County of York, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds* within the Townships of Wykeham and Ruston, in the Manor of Wykeham, in the North Riding of the County of York:

Ordered, That Mr. Osbaldcston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Loveden Looeden reported from the Committee, suw^ to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors &c.Cd.

of

a5 Geo. III.

6° Apri.

775.

of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was referred; That the* Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to extend the Navigation beyond the Limits already authorized, nor to raise any further Sum of Money for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Secern, between Bewdley and Tit ton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the River Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey, were read. And,

Mr. James Penny being examined, said, That the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have at Length accomplished their Undertaking, in the Prosecution of which they have expended the Sum of £.170,000, which they were authorized to raise under the aforesaid Acts of Parliament

Then an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to enable certain Persons therein mentioned to make a navigable Canal from the Coal Mines lying near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Navigation so made by the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was also read; whereby it appeared, that there was a Clause inserted therein to enable the said Company, with the Aid of Commissioners, to regulate the Tonnage upon their own Navigation in Manner therein mentioned.

Mr. James Penny being further examined, said, That the said Company of Proprietors have not, by any of the said Acts, a Power to lower or regulate the Tonnage upon their said Navigation, without the Consent of the Majority of the Commissioners therein named — That unless the said Proprietors have it in their Power to regulate the Tonnage amongst themselves, the general Trade and Produce of the Country cannot be brought upon the Canal with Benefit to the Proprietors, and Advantage to the Public. — Then

Mr. Henry Penn being examined, said, That be is Owner of the Coal Mines upon the Line of the Bir-ming/idfn Canal — That he sold 1,083 Boat Loads of Coal, which were conveyed upon the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal within a Year, when the Tolls were lowered, but that since the Toflhage has been advanced, he has only sold 654 Boat Loads within the same Period — That the Bilston Mines are in a very declining State — -That if the Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal had a Power of reducing their Tonnage, the Bilston Collieries would be very much relieved — That the Bilston Coals are esteemed of a superior Quality to any that go to the Severn Market — That if the Tonnage upon the Staff* fordshire and Worcestershire Canal was lowered, he apprehends double the Quantity of Bilston Coals would be sent down the Canal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill 16 enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal: And that Mr. Loveden Lcroeden and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Surpluses. Address to His Majesty,

Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1784: And also,

Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1784.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 40.

91-

abstract

ABSTRACT of the said Surphisses.

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund *

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1784; vis1.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1

Ditto - of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio a

Ditto - of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3-----

To Cash received at the Exchequer from a Society of Quakers at New York, for Conscience Sake

D

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

O

o

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1784, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; viz*.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 3d1, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25° Georgii 2dl -

Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 16° Georgii 2dI, brought to this Account pursuant toD° -

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to IP-Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2dl, and the Arrears of the Duty on Glass granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the same, in Part of j£*63>°7&. 8 j. 8d. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 17* Georgii 3tU, to make good the above Duty on Glass repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts - ....

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25° Georgii 3d1 ——

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21® Georgii a-1, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to D®

The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6° Georgii l®1, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D° -

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di ——

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3ttf, and the Arrears of the Duties on D° repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

The Duty of 3$. 4c?. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26* Georgii <iil ——

The Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweet3 or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an. Act 10° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 27* Georgii 2dl ——

Surplus of the additional Duties on Sope, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii 2di - " . *

Surplus of the Duty on Coals, continued by an Act 1° Georgii 2<u, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000. by Sale of Annuities to the Bonk of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28° Georgii 2dl -

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to un Act 290 Georgii 2Jl ——

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 39° Georgii idl

£ 21.138 — -4,461 — — >7.240 4 3j

27.653 i# 4 41.794 11 3 74.755 13 4

3.249 17 6

84.733 18 si 113,488 17 a

2.297 — —

54.540 8 9}

14.494 10 4!

23,267 --- —

5,19a----

stated the 5th Dhy of April 1784.

Dr

Per Contra

£. i. d.

433,684 10 4}

73,095 13 if

402,481 14 10

909,261 18 3g 58 16 —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of January 1784, as well on the Principal Sum of £.37,770,924. is. 9frf. remaining unredeemed of £.39,281,521. 55. i|d. in £.3 per Centum Annuities consolidated, and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of £.20,150,000, added to the said Remain; viz*. £.2,150,000 pursuant to an Act 160 Georgii 3tU, and £. 18,000,000 pursuant to an Act 21° Georgii 3*" -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the &id Annuities for the same Time -

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of April 1784, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, as well on the Principal Sum of £.18,353,773. 16 a. 4 d. remaining unredeemed of £. 19,183,323. 165. 4d. in Annuities, consolidated, and charged upon this Fund, by Acts 250 Georgii 2*1 and 50 Georgii 3d1, as on the further Sum of £.18,986,300, which, pursuant to the Acts 330 Georgii 2dl and 2° Georgii stood reduced to £. 3 per Centum per Annum* from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 21° Georgii 3d1, is directed to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the said remaining Sum

£ >8,353,773. 16s. 4d....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1784, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum on £. 1,919,600, to which £.2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 180,400, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 12°, 140, and 150 Georgii 3d1 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, and charged on this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii a*4, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1784 ——

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund b}' an Act 50 Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1784 -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities, granted per Acts i° and 2° Georgii 3d1, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 4* Georgii 3d1, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January

1784 ....

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time -

£. d.

868,813 »7 *1 16,313 7 5!

560,101 1 ij

10,501 17 10$

38,794 — —

539 >7 9

13,004 10 —

370 — —

134,135----«

>,745 10 lj

6" Aprilis. A. 1785.

D

cq‘

i\j‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o

The additional Stamp Duties ftn Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30® Georgii

4* 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32° Georgii 2dl -

6 The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like

F* Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wine, the like -

D° - of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like -

P To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32° Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2dl -

To the Duty on Cocoa Nuts, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 21° Georgii 3111 ——

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 330 Georgii 2dl and 50 Georgii 3*1 ——

To the Income of the Duty upon Spirituous LiquoTs, granted by an Act 24.0 Georgii 2dI, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2° Georgii ——

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2dl and 6° Georgii s111, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 20 and 6° Georgii 3th -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3th, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act ——

The Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2° Georgii 3tU ——

The additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act i° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 40 Georgii 3m -

To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, &c\ granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU -

To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU -

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, &c\ granted and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3tJl - - -'-

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3111 -

To the additional Duties upon Wioes imported, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3rii, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act S° Georgii 3tU -

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3tU -

To the additional Duty upon Coaches, &c\ granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3, and brought to this Account pursuant to the some Act ——

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act ——

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things, sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 170 and 190 Georgii 3,li ——

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuaut to the said Act 170 Georgii 311' -

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other

Act 17° Georgii 3th.....-

To the Arrears of the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 21 Georgii 31*1 ——

To the additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugars imported, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21° Georgii 3tJi -

To the additional Duty of £. 5 per Centum on the Produce of the Duties of Excise, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3th -

To the"Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 21° Georgii 3lU ——

j,4ii,*75 19 i>i

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of April 1784, as well on the Principal Sum of £. 5,000,000, borrowed and charged on this Fund by an Act 17° Georgii 3d1, as on £.3,000,000 added thereto by an Act 21° Georgii 3fli, being the Amount of £. 25 per Centum additional Capital, at £.4 per Centum per Annum, granted to the Contributors of £. 12,000,000, borrowed pursuaut to the last mentioned Act -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time - -

By Ditto, to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on £.5,000,000, borrowed pursuant to an Act 170 Georgii 3tU, for Half a Year ended the 5th Day of April

1784.....- - .

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in respect of £. 4,980,772. 3#. 3\d. remaining unredeemed of £. 5,000,000, borrowed by virtue of an Act 31° Georgii 2di for the Service of the Yeur 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1784 - -

By Ditto} to reimburse Fees paid for Warrants and Orders for paying Annuities; and to the Auditors of the Imprests, ior examining, auditing, and engrossing the Accompts of Dividend Warrants for paying Annuities on £.9,284,250, Part of the Annuities granted Anno 1781, for Six Months, to the 5th of July 1781; of Dividend Warrants for £. 3 per Centum consolidated Annuities, 3$ per Centum Annuities, granted Anno 1758, and Long Annuities for One Year, to the 5th Day of July 1782; for Reduced Annuities, £. 4 per Centum Annuities, and Annuities for 10 Years, for One Year due the 5th D;iy of April 1782, &c\ &c\ -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1784, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1784, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 3tH, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1784, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 3tU, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1784. of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 3d1, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced in this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Pari lament -

Bv Cash taken to make good file Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1784, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 220 Georgii 3*'*, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the Fins Supplies to be granted in Parliament - - - - . - _

Or

160,000 — —

o

W

O

m

*,*50-----

19,500-----

>75 >5 7r

1,400 16 10

0S

12,404 12 2

3,984 >1 1$

85,4i7 19 3i

39,204 13 7

150,612 9 4i

16,856 13 10$

To Monies granted out of the Supply Anno 1784, by an Act 24' Georgii 3t!i, for the Purposes

following; viz1.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 ——

To replace to this Fond the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made ’ in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778 ——

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779 ——

To replace to this Fund tbf like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1783, of the fund established for paying Annuities, granted by ail Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of llis present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780 ——

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1783, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1782 ——

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency, on the loth Day of October 1783, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1783.

£ * d.

23.556 2 7

168,019 a- 9$

73,339 >9 207,909 10 3 435,888 19 9 24,943 5 — 1

933,656 >9

6J

£ 3.254,247 >3 9l ----- »

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1784, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 230 Georgii 3'*', which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament - - - 449,217 — —

By Cash taken in further Part of £. 3,200,000, granted towards the

Supply of the Year 1783, pursuant to an Act 23" Georgii 3'" - - 696,114 19 5

ON

*< £ 3,254,247 *3 »i

61k D.y.f April „«5.'>,"» eme,

0\

o

0

CQ

N

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

tn

HI

OO

C7I

g

cg‘

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

n

f - ABSTRACT of the said Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of October 1784*

Cn

o

til

O' ,

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

Dr.

Per Contra

To Surplus Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 10th Day of October 1784; viz*. £. 9. d.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - -- -- - 957*656 2 9f

Ditto — of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 - - - - 127,645 5 8

Ditto — of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 - - - -' - - - - 39L905 15 1

1,477,207 3 6J

To Money received from a Person unknown, for Conscience Sake, by the Right honourable William Pitt,

and by him paid into the Exchequer ------ 300-

To Monies brought to this Account, on the 10th Day of October 1784, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; viz*.

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2di -Surplus of the additional Duties upon Low Wines and Strong Waters, granted per Act 16° Georgii 3d1, brought to this Account pursuant to Ditto -

Surplus of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745, brought to this Account pursuant to D° - -

Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 190 Georgii 2di, and the Arrears of the Duties on Glass, granted by the same Act, with the Sum brought to the same, in Part of £.63,078. 8 s, 8 d. per Annum, directed to be applied out of the new Duty on Glass, granted by an Act 170 Georgii 3tU, to make good the above Duty on Glass, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Acts - - - . - -

The Duty on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1747, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 25* Georgii 2dI -The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 2i® Georgii 3d1, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to Ditto -The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6* Georgii 1"*, for the Service of the Year 1720, brought to this Account pursuant to D°

The Duty on Licences, to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 32° Georgii 2dl -

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3*, and the Arrears of the Duties on D°, repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act - -

The Duty of 3 x. 4 d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2dl -

The Duty of 12 eh. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines, made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10° Georgii 2,u. for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 270 Georgii 2dl -

£ 22,307 1 6

4,389 -

22,821 4 10

27,128 9 4

48,083-----

54>883 6 7 16 2 —

3,058----

128,416 1 9$

108,965 17 4f

8,806 — —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of July 1784, as well on the Principal Sum of £. 37,770,924. 1*. 9id. remaining unredeemed of £39,281,521. 5 s. ijd.. in £. 3 per Centum Annuities, consolidated, and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of £.20,150,000, added to the said Remain, viz*. £.2,150,000 pursuant to an Act 160 Georgii 3*°, and £. 18,000,000 pursuant to an Act 210 Georgii s1* - -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time ——

By the said Chief Casbier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 10th Day of October 1784, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, as well on the Principal Sum of £ 18,353*773- 16*. 4 d. remaining unredeemed of £. 19,183,323. i6x. 4 d. in Annuities, consolidated, and charged upon this Fund by Acts 25® Georgii 2dl, and 50 Georgii 3*11, as on the further Sum of £.18,986,300, which, pursuant to the Acts 33° Georgii 2dl, and 20 Georgii 3*, stood reduced to £. 3 per Centum per Annum, from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 210 Georgii 3tH, is directed to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the said remaining Sum of £. 18,353,773. i6x, 4 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time ——

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 1784, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on £.1,919,600, to which £.2,100,000, borrowed on the Credit of this Fund, by an Act 240 Georgii 2di, is reduced, by abating from the same£. 180,400, subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120, 14°, and 150 Georgii 3^ -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time ——

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dl, and charged on this Fund by an Act 32® Georgii 2dl, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1784 -

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3tU, for the Half Year ended the loth Day of October 1784 ——

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities, granted per Acts 1° and 2° Georgii 3*u, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities*

868,813 *7 16,<m 7 si

ON

560,101 2 lj

10,501 17 10J.

28,794 -

539 17 9

12,968 11 3.

270----

C ^4

g

<q\

n'

CD

CL

cr <

Surplus of the additional Doty on Sope, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28* Georgii 2d* -

Surplus of die Duty on Coals, continued by an Act i* Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act 2 8° Georgii 2dl -

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 29® Georgii 2dl ——

The additional Duty on Cords and Dice, Brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 290 Georgii 2di ——

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and printed Papers, granted by an Act 30* Georgii 2di. brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 32° Georgii^1 -The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like - -

The Surplus of the new Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like -Ditto - - of the Duties on Licences to retail Spirits, the like - -

To the Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted by an Act 320 Georgii fcdl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 330 Georgii 2di -To the Duty on Cocoa Nuts, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 21° Georgii 3til ——

To the additional Inland Duty on Coffee, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 330 Georgii2di, and 50 Georgii 3*'* -

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2di, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2* Georgii $l11 -

To the Surplus of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2di, and 6° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 2° and <1° Georgii 3li*

To the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3tU, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act - -

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2di, and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act2° Georgii - - - -

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by ian Act 1° Georgii brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 4" Georgii 3til -

To the additional Duty upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, Acca. granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 5* Georgii 3U* - -

To the additional Duties upon Policies of Assurance, the like -

To the additional Duties upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 6° Georgii 3tU ——

To'the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks; &ca; granted add made a Part of this Fund by one *>ther Act 6° Georgii 3"* -

To the additional Duty upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3tU -

To the additional Duty-upon Wines imported, graeted by an Act 30 Georgii 3111, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 8^ Georgii 3tU -

To the Duties upon Gyderand Perry, granted by >an Act^5° Georgii 3ta; brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3lI» -

To the additional Duty on Coaches, &c\ grunted by an. Act Georgii jj18, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Newspapers, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act -To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act ——

To the Duties on Licences, to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 17° and 190 Georgii 3lU -

Tm> the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted-and brought rto tins Account pursuant to the said Act 17" Georgii 3til

£ d.

54-1*7° 7 if

37.5*7 — 8i

26,324 — .9

3,682 J9 4

43,634 3 — 9,289-16 61 7.521 19 7i *8,121 — 7

86*051 8 8*

1162----

23»3‘21----

*20,553 4 4

24,977-----

269,465 —

362,433 —

8,757 9 i°i 1,370 11 7

4* 9 9

29,519 16 7

2,824 — —

10,778-----

29,090 8 10

3,534 19 4

from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3th, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1784 -

By D°, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same

Time - - *....

By Du to pay Half a Year’s Interest, after the Rate of £.4 per Centum per Annum, due the 10th Day of October 1784, as well on the Principal Sum of X. 5,000»09°» borrowed and charged on this Fund, by an Act 170 Georgii 3tU, as on £.3,000,000, added thereto, by an5 Act 21° Georgii 3"*, being the Amount of £. 25 per Centum additional Capital, at_£. 4 per Centum per Annum, granted to the Contributors of £. 12,000,000, borrowed pursuant to the last mentioned Act ——

By Ditto,' for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same time ——

By Ditto, to pay Annuities, to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on £. 5,000,000, borrowed pursuant to the Act 170 Georgii 3^, for Half a Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1784 -

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities for the same Time ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities, payable in Tespect of £.4,980,772. 35. 3|rf. remainipg unredeemed of £. 5,000,000, borrowed by virtue of an Act 31° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of July 1784 ——

By Ditto, to reimburse Fees paid to the Auditors of the Imprests, for examining, auditing, and engrossing the Accompts of the Dividend Warrants, for. £.3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities, and Long Annuities, for One Year, to the 5th Day of July .1783.; , for Reduced Annuities, £.4 per Centum Annuities, and Annuities for 10 Years, for One Year, to‘the 5 th Day of April 1783; and foi' Fees for passing and obtaining a Quietus, for Two Years Accounts of Annuities, to the 5th Day of July 1781 ——

By the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries -By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 31* Georgii 2*, which by a Clause in the said Act, is to ‘be

replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of

July 1784, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 3tU, which, by a Clause in the -said Act,-is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament ——

By Cash taken to nuke good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of

July 1784, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 19° Georgii 3lii, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Par-‘1 mrnent ——

By Ciish taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act ^20* Georgii.3*1, .*ihiUj>’by a Clause in the said Act, is to b« re-

£ ' 124,125----- sj

»,745 1°

160,000 — — 2,250----

12,500-----

175 15 7l

.OS

o

12,345 6 11 45 7 *J

8,102 16 7i

74,202 2 6

83,525 14 1

J

20,815-----

23,950 19 3

<1

o

h

To the-SurpIus of the Duties on Glass, granted and brought to this Account -pursuant to one other Act 170 Georgii 3tM ——

To the Arrears of the Tax on all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account* pursuant to the said Act -

To the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to-an Act a 1° Georgii 3ta ——

To the Duties on Tobacco and Sugars imported, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3th -

To the-additional Duty of £.5 per Cent, on the Produce of the Duties of [excise, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act ai° Georgii 3til - -

To the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 2i° Georgii 3th - - - - *

a

CQ

N'

CD

CL

O

W- 6

S si

12

19 2*

1

— 2,016,317 — 6^ £ 3.493,^4 4 1

placed to this Fund out of the First Supplies to he granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of

July 1784, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act

22® Georgii 3tU, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of

July 1784, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 230 Georgii 3tU, which, by a Clause in the said Act, is :to be replaced to this Fund -out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the :ioth Day of

October 1784, of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted by an Act 24° Georgii 3^, which, by a Clause in the said Act, to be replaced to this Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament -

By Cash taken in full of £.2,200,000, granted towards the Supply of the Year 1783, pursuant to an Act 230 Georgii 3*u -

By Cash taken towards the Supply of the Year 1784, pursuant to on Act 240 Georgii 3tU -

7.938 15

O

1W

97.357 10 s p

168,249 IO ---

24,044 -

3°3»^5° 6 5 800,000 —

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer, on the voth Day of October 1784, for the Disposition of Parliament -

&379>&<5o 3 i«3^4 — 7

£ M93,824 4 1

On

This being the 124th Half Yearly Accorapt, made up pursuant to an Act 9® Georgii l®* (Page 367) is humbly presented this 6th Day of April 1785, by me

George Rote.

JsQ

780 6° A 1785.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the dark Colours, on which they find it utterly impossible Table, to be perused by the Members of the ‘ to preserve the Mark, although the utmost Endea-House. yours have been used for that Purpose, so that al-

though they have, and are giving it every fair Trial Commercial A Petition of the Nail Ironmongers, and others that Men can possibly do, still they are exposed to Intercourse concerned in the Manufacturing of Iron Goods, in Ruin; and that the Petitioners (when in a.regular

with Ireland. and near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Course of Trade) are daily receiving a very great

Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Quantity of Goods for the Colour of Black only, Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a which (from the uncommon tedious Process necessary System of Commercial Regulations are going to take in this Art) are frequently removed from the Dye-place between this Kingdom and Ireland, and that House to the Dresser at One or Two Miles Distance, certain Resolutions, relative thereto, have been pre- and Three or Four Times over, in whose Hands they sented to this House from the House of Commons in are singed over a red-hot Dressing-Iron (after the first Ireland; and that the Alarms of the Petitioners are Time dyed Black) Forty or Fifty Times, which, tq-very greatly excited by finding that the said Resoiu- gether with the Dye, will erase the Numbers, and

tions are not to undergo any Alteration by this other Parts of the Marks, whether sewed in with

House, and, the Petitioners conceive the Iron Trade Thread, or by any other Means yet devised, which, as of England to be inferior to no Branch, the Welfare it is common for the Petitioners to have removed from of it, therefore, is of the utmost Consequence to their Premisses a very great Quantity of Goods into this Kingdom; and that many of the Manufactures different People’s Hands concerned in the Trade, of Iron in this Kingdom are made from Foreign Iron, whose Rooms are not entered, and consequently the subject on Importation to a Duty of 56s. 1 d. per Petitioners Property is constantly exposed to Scizqre Ton, and Foreign Iron, when imported into Ireland, for want of the Marks being preserved, which is not is subject only to about 10 s. per Ton, which must in their Power to prevent; and that it has been (rethrow this important Branch of Commerce into their questly the Case, that, although the Petitioners have Hands, as the Duties agreed to be laid, by the Irish requested the Excise Officers to renew the Mark Parliament, in the Year 1778, on all Iron Wares by when obliterated, they have refused so to do, till them exported to America, be done away by those the said Goods were finished, a Circumstance which States having since become independent, and these greatly tends to the Petitioners Loss; and that in Advantages in favour of Ireland give the Manufac- the Drying, Dressing, and other Operations in the turers there a decided Superiority over this Country, Petitioners Business, they have a great Number of and must evidently destroy the Manufactures of this Pieces, from which the Ends are olten torn off and Kingdom, unless timely prevented: And therefore praying, lost, in which Case they are liable to Seizure, with-That the Commercial System of Intercourse between out the least Chance of Redress, and it is a well-Great Britain and Ireland may not be concluded without know n Fact to the whole Trade, that it doth require putting the Trade of the Two Nations upon an Equality, full One Third more Servants to do the same Quanti-which, the Petitioners conceive, can only be done by an ty of Business under this Act than they had heretofore equal Duty laid on Iron imported into both Kingdoms, Occasion to employ; and that it unavoidably occurs, and which, the Petitioners hope, the House will see that Goods are Part prepared for Dying by One Dyer necessary. (and he not dying the Colour for which these Pieces

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the are most proper) they are sent to another Dyer to Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, finish, in which Case the Duty is Twice charged, to w hom it is referred to consider further of so much of which is a very great Hardship; that when a Manu-His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of facturer wants to prepare a Quantity of Velverets for Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as printing or dying Fancy Colours* the customary Way, relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse before the late Act, laying a Duty upon the above-between Great Britain and Ireland. mentioned Goods, took place, wva6 to scour and dress

every Piece Three or Four Times, and after each CottonTrade. A Petition of the Dyers of Velvets, Velverets, Fus- Time of dressing and scouring, these Goods are car-tians, and other Goods made of Cotton, and Cotton ried from the Dyer to the Dresser, after which the and Linen, in the Town and Neighbourhood of Man- Pieces are sent to the Crofters to be made White; but Chester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to under this Act the Petitioners are deprived doing that the House, and read; Setting forth, That it has been Part of the Business, to the greatest Loss, and also ' a common Case with the Petitioners to receive Goods much to the Prejudice of the Goods, as the Crofters which have been bleached White, in order to be dyed cannot execute that Part of the Preparations to ap-Drab or Olive Colours, and those Goods frequently pear so beautiful as when done by the Dyers; and have to go through several Operations after they are that the Petitioners are thoroughly convinced, that, frame-marked by the Excise Officers, which (in Spite in case the said Tax is continued, the Petitioners are of all the Care that human Prudence can suggest) en- in great Danger of being inevitably ruined, not only tirely* obliterates the Mark; and that this Operation from the Circumstances above stated, but from the is often repeated from Three to Six Times before Emigration of the great Number of Persons that will these Goods can possibly be made perfect in those of course leave this Kingdom: And therefore praying, simple Colours, in which Case the Petitioners are at That the House will take the several Matters above stated the Mercy of the Officers, in whose Breast it lies, into their serious Consideration, in order to save the whether they will renew the Marks, or whether they Petitioners from Ruin (and to keep the above Trade will seize the said Pieces, and thereby cause the De- from being carried into other Countries) by a Repeal of lay and Trouble of proving that they had been once the said Act.

regularly marked; and that the Petitioners frequent- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

ly receive Goods in a bleached State for dying, Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, with both the Frame Mark and Crown Stamp per- to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land feet, which, in the plain simple Operations before- Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleach-mentioned, have been unavoidably obliterated, in ers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in which Case also the Petitioners are liable to daily the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Seizures; and that, in the Course of the Petitioners Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chor-Business, they daily receive considerable Quantities of ley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, Goods ta be dyed Blue, Claret, Maroon, and other and in the Boroughs of JVigan and Newton; and of

25 Geo. III. 6° dprilis. 781

the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs* in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, $nd Derby, is referred.

Commercial A Petition of the Manufacturers of Earthen Ware Intercourse in Staffordshire was presented to the House, and read; with Ireland, getting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly interested in the Commercial Regulations now negociating between Great Britain and Ireland, and are at the same Time fully sensible of the Importance of a fair and equal System being ^justed and finally settled between the Two Kingdoms; that they cannot help being apprehensive, however, that the proposed Resolutions of the Parliament of Ireland, if passed into a Law in their present Form, will be highly injurious to the Interests of the said Manufactory, inasmuch as they tend to lay the Foundations of a future and unequal Competition in our own as well as Foreign Markets, and such as may ultimately prove destructive of this valuable and extensive Branch of National Commefce: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves and their Counsel, against the proposed Resolutions of the Parliament of Ireland passing into a Law, and, that such Alterations may be made therein as to the House shall seem meet, in order that, whilst every reasonable and even liberal Encouragement and Assistance is afforded to the Trade and Manufactures of the Sister Kingdom, a due and prudential Regard may be had to the Commercial Interests of our own.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Hopse, to whom it is referred tp consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse he.tween Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

)itto. A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and

Traders of the Borough of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the Votes, the Petitioners observe, a Commercial Treaty between this Kingdom and Ireland is intended very soon to be taken into Consideration by the House; and that the Petitioners are desirous that a lasting and equitable Plan may be established for the mutual Prosperity of both Kingdoms, relative to Trade and Commerce in

Sieral, but from the Resolutions of the House of mmons of Ireland, now before this House, the Petitioners are apprehensive that such Resolutions, if adhered to in their present State, will very much injure the Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Walsall, many Thousands of whom are employed in manufacturing of Brass and Iron Goods of different Sorts, as the Duty on Irpu, when imported into Ireland, is not One-Sixth Part of that imported into this Kingdom, and, this considered, with the low Price of Labour in Ireland, and the light Burthen of . Taxes, compared with those in this Kingdom, must give a very superior Advantage to their Manufactures over those of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That such Arrangements may be made, to prevent any undue Advantage over the Manufactures of this Country', as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration erf’ the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His IVRyesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Vol. 40.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resplve itself Into a, Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted tp His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Questhousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-four," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Orfler being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which th,ey had directed him to report, when the House will pleas^ to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, thtrt they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted tp His Majesty.

Mr. Alderman Nctcnham presented to the House, Com and according to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, Grain, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " further regulating and ascertaining t^e Importation " and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within several " Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read thp First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House tp Commercial resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Intercourse to consider further of so much of His Majesty's most witt Ire^od< Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

9 N And

782 6’ — 7° A1785.

Reading

Paving.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Prises in

Penobscot

Expedition.

Cotton

Trade.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the 18th Day of March last, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, the Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks; for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 20th Day of this Instant April

A Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act, of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a " Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for foe Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-five;" together with those named in Three former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of foe Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and in foe Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That foe Bill be committed to a Committee of foe whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, foe 20th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon foe said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lists, fairly written, of Commissioners Names, for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at length.

The Order of the Day being read, for foe House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir George Collier, Knight, late Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Fleet in America, together with the Captains, whose Names are thereunder signed, in Behalf of themselves and others, and also of the Officers and Men under their Command, on the late Expedition to Penobscot, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorley, Stockport, Macclesfield\ and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses in Support of the said Petition; and that he was directed by foe Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, T die Aprilis;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItli Regis, 1785. Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considers- Wi tion the Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire, El© complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Wigton, Whithorn, New Galloway, and StranroBwer, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with foe Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members, on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Three Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirty Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Peter Johnstone, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioner; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Six other Members, then present w'ere drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Courtenay, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Member; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty-five other Members,

to

5 Geo. III. f Aprilis. 783

then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eight, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Ten, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Fourteen, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; Twelve, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees; and One, on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Commercial A Petition of the Merchants concerned in the Corn Intercourse and Malt Trade in the Burgh and Port of Great Yar-with Ireland, mouth, on Behalf of themselves and the Com Merchants in the several Ports within the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That much the greatest Part of the Exportation of Com and Malt from England to Ireland has been from the said Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and principally from the said Port of Great Yarmouth, from which Port only, during the last Seven Years, 17L500 Quarters of Malt and Barley (being on an Average 24,500 Quarters Yearly) of the Growth and Produce of the said Two Counties, have been exported to Ireland, and the last Year 19,931 Quarters of Wheat and Wheat Flour, also the Growth and Produce of the said Counties, have been exported to Ire~

I land from the said Port of Yarmouth, and of course a

very great Number of Ships and Seamen were employed in transporting the same; and that the Petitioners had no Opportunity of applying to the Committee of Council, not having had any Notice of the said Committee sitting for the Purpose of Inquiry mentioned in their Report, until the Petitioners saw the said Report in Print, and, the Petitioners conceive that so much of the said Report as relates to Corn, does not contain sufficient Information relative to a Subject of such great Importance as the Corn Trade between England and Ireland, and therefore, if the House should proceed on the Ground only of the Information contained in the said Report, the Petitioners are seriously apprehensive that the very great Corn Trade carried on frotr^ the said Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, through the said Port of Yarmouth, will be greatly injured, if not totally lost: And therefore praying the House to postpone the final Adjustment of the Commercial Regulations with Ireland, so far as relates to the Exportation and Importation of Corn to and from Ireland, for such reasonable Time as may afford the Petitioners an Opportunity of offering further 1 Information; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by

themselves or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

Egleston Mr. Tempest reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the You 40.

Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Egleston, in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had riven their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill,. with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for better paving, widening, Saint Mary cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Magdalen, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Bermondsey Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Ber- ree mondsey, in the County of Surrey, called The Waterside Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching such Part of the Turnpike Road leading from the Ea9t End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the County of Kent, as lies within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish, and for other Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, anck watching, the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, called The Waterside Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain Parts of and belonging to the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford\ in the County of Kent, within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Nail Ironmongers in the Town Commercial of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and others Intercourse concerned in the Manufacturing of Iron Wares in and Wlt re a<* near that Place, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that the House of Commons in Ireland have presented to this House certain Resolutions relative to the settling a Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and that Kingdom; and that the Petitioners always understood, that the Resolutions of the Irish Parliament were each of them to undergo a minute Investigation, and that such Alterations would then be made therein, as to the House should appear necessary for the Prosperity, if not for the very Existence, of some of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, but the Petitioners, now finding that no Alteration whatsoever is to be made to the Resolutions of the Irish House of Commons, are greatly alarmed; and that the Petitioners employ many Thousand Persons in the making of Nails only, the greatest Part of which are shipped to the United States of America, and the Duty upon Bar Iron imported into this Kingdom is £. 2, 16$. id. per Ton, whereas the Duty paid in Ireland is only £.0. 9s. 2d. per Ton, English Money, and, besides this, the Duties, agreed to be laid by the Irish Parliament, in the Year 1778, on all Iron Wares exported by them to America, being now done away by the Independence of those States, these Considerations in

‘Favour

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

784 70 Afrilis. A* 1785.

Favour of Ireland, united, evidently give the Manufacturers of Iron in that Country a decided Advantage over us in the American Market, and must, in the End, prove ruinous to the Town and Neighbourhood of Dudley: And therefore praying, That the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland may not be finally adjusted, until an equal Duty be first laid on Bar Iron imported into both Kingdoms, which, the Petitioners hope, the House will see to be equitable and necessary on the present Occasion.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Glass Manufacturers in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge and Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a System of Commercial Regulations is going to take place between this Kingdom and Ireland^ and that certain Resplutions relative thereto have been presented to this House, from 'the House of Commons in Ireland; and that the Alarms of the Petitioners are very greatly excited, by finding that the said Resolutions are not to undergo any Alteration by the House, and the Petitioners conceive the Glass Manufactories to be of Consequence to the Revenue and Trade of this Kingdom, and therefore merit the Consideration of the IJouse; and that the Glass Manufactories of this Kingdom must be entirely destroyed, if the Importation of Glass from Ireland is allowed Duty-free, and that Branch of Trade will be inevitably transferred to that Kingdom: That the Irish Manufacturer hath a considerable Advantage by not working under an Excise Duty, for, by not being subject to pay a Duty, he is enabled to purify his Waste Glass and Materials, which the English Manufacturer cannot do without being liable to pay the full Duty; and the Irish Manufacturer has likewise an Advantage in all Goods exported, on Account of paying no Excise Duty, as the Drawback allowed to the English Manufacturer is very inadequate to the Duty paid; and that the Glass Manufacturers in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge and Dudley have at present an Advantage over the Irish in the Price of Coal and Clay, but, on Account of the heavy Land Carriage on the raw Materials and manufactured Goods, the Irish Manufacturers, from their advantageous Situation for the Export Trade, have an Advantage more than equal to the Difference of the Price of those Articles, and those Advantages, with many others, will give the Irish Manufacturers so great a Superiority over the Glass Manufacturers of the said Neighbourhood, as will totally destroy the Whole of the Business, unless timely prevented: And therefore praying, That the Commercial System of Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland may not. be concluded, without putting the Trade of the Two Nations upon an equal Footing, which, the Petitioners conceive, can only be done by imposing a Duty on the Irish Manufacturers equal to that paid by the English, and the same Drawback allowed them on Goods exported, as is allowed in England.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland\

4

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and ConmerJ Tradesmen of the Borough of Kidderminster, in thelDterc°n County of Worcester, was presented to the House, wilhIr^ and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, deeply impressed with the Importance of the Commercial Arrangements with Ireland, and strongly apprehensive that the Propositions for this Purpose submitted to the Consideration of Parliament, will, by no Means, produce that Equality between tire Two Kingdoms which is their proper and professed Object, but will prove highly detrimental to the Manufactures, Commerce, Landed Interest, and Public Revenue of Great Britain, pray that the same may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners would not object, but cordially agree, to any System that would establish and secure an equal Participation of Privileges and Burthens in both Islands, but it appears to the Petitioners, that, unless Ireland will agree to pay equal Duties with Great Britain on all its Imports, and an equal Excise on every Article of Manufacture and internal Consumption, and that the Net Produce of these Duties, and of this Excise, be applied to the general Support of the Empire, both in Peace and War, and that the same Regulations be adopted respecting the Exports from both Kingdoms, as well from one to the other, as from each to Foreign Parts, no Scheme of Equalization can be settled between the Two Kingdoms, and, even in this Case, Ireland will enjoy manifest Advantages over Great Britain in the Cheapness of its Labour and Provisions, and in its Freedom from Poor Levies and other Taxes, which will still continue to bear heavily on this Country, with a partial and an unequal Pressure; and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that some Manufactories are already carried on in Ireland in as great Perfection as in Great Britain, and to greater Advantage, and, if the above Propositions become a Law, other Manufactories may be removed from this Kingdom into Ireland, and the Produce sent here on such low Terms as immediately or eventually to injure similar Manufactures in this Country, and perhaps totally annihilate them, and the Revenue arising therefrom; that in particular, One of the principal Branches of Manufacture in Kidderminster, the Article of Silky Stuffs, would be immediately injured, and perhaps entirely lost, for, even at present, attended with all the Expence and Risque of smuggling, these Stuffs are brought from Ireland, and sold in that Market, from Twenty to Twenty-five per Cent. under our Manufactures, and whether other Articles may not immediately or eventually share the same Fate, the Petitioners leave for other Manufacturers particularly to state: And therefore praying, JThat the Propositions above referred to may not pass into a Law, that due Time may be allowed for the full Investigation of this extensive and weighty Subject, and, finally, that such Regulations may be adopted as may actually establish a real or near Equality in the Advantages and Contributions of both Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturer^ and Cotta Tradesmen in the Borough of Kidderminster^ in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners behold, with Concern, every Method of raising a Revenue by Taxes on Manufactures, and are more especially alarmed at the Introduction of the Officers of Excise into Manufacturers Warehouses and Work Shops, in as much as

a5 Geo. III. 7* AprjSg

that Freedom and Privacy, which Manufacturers should enjoy in the Exercise of their Business, - is thereby destroyed, their Operations cramped and impeded, and their Burthens and Expences greatly increased by additional Buildings and Servants, as well as by the Payment of the Duties imposed upon them; and that the Petitioners have observed, that the Manufacturers of Cotton have presented a Petition to Parliament for the Repeal of an Act, passed in the last Session, for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs, bleached or dyed, and on Licences for bleaching and dying the same: And therefore praying, That the Prayer of the said Petition may be granted.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Abingdon A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manu-

Navigation. facturers, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Ciraicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for making a Navigable Canal from the Thames and Severn Canal, in the County of Gloucester, to join and communicate

with the River Thames, at or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, which Measure, if carried into Execution, will lie of great National Utility, by opening an easy Communication between the interior Parts of the Kingdom, and the Port of London, and also of great Advantage to many of the Sea Ports of this Kingdom, and to several Manufactories in various Parts thereof, as well as of particular local Advantages to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1783 to the 24th of December 1784, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz*.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1783 to the 24th of December 1784, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament

Dates of Warrants.

1784.

June 8.

1783. November 25.

1784-

May 10th.

July 29th.

November 6.

December oth.

13th.

January 29th.

March 2d. July 12.

August 28. November 26.

Vo L. 40.

y

To Thomas Everett, Merchant, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account of his Contract for supplying the Garrison of Gibraltar with Provisions.....- 7,800---- —

To the Representatives of Sir George Wombrvell, for the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for supplying Ditto with Ditto - - - 77 2 —

To William Mills, Esquire, being the Balance of his Account, as Contractor for supplying Provisions for the Forces in America -To John Bourke, Esquire, for several Articles of Merchandize, shipped for the Loyalists in Nova Scotia,

and the Island of S* John....

To D°, for sundry D°, shipped for the Use of the Refugees in the Bahama Islands -To Messrs. Neave and Aislabie, Aor several Articles of Merchandize, shipped for the Settlers in Cape Breton To D°, for several Articles of Provisions, shipped for the West Indies -

To D°, for Provisions shipped for New Providence To Messrs. Rashleigh and C#, for D# shipped for Nova Scotia ——

221 8 9

5,658 7 3 5, H4 2 — 3,554 1 4

8,245 5 2

3,064 1 —

6,700 — —

To William Budd, Esquire, for keeping Provisions up complete in the

Island of Guernsey - - - - 300-----

To Mary Budd, Widow of Henry Budd, for Ditto

Service - 313 — 4

To Ditto, for Ditto Service ----- 383 15 3

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - 313 — 4

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - 383 15 3

To William Budd, Esquire, for Ditto Service - - 300 — —

To Mary Budd, Widow of Henry Budd, for Ditto

Service - 313 — 4

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - 383 15 3

To William Budd, Esquire, for Ditto Service - - 313 3 —

To Mary Budd, Widow of Henry Budd, for Ditto'

Service - - 156 10 2

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - - 142 18 10

9 o

40,434 7 6

To

Army

Extras.

786

Dates of Warrants.

A. 1785.

SL16. To mtlimBuU, Esquire, for keeping Provisions up compteetofoe

October

1784

island of Jersey

on*

April 30. To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Ditto, for Ditto Service -

To Mary Budd, Widow of Henry Buddy for Ditto

Service -

August 18. To William Budd\ Esquire, for Ditto -

To Mary Buddy Widow of Henry Buddy for Ditto

Service - -

November 26. To William Buddy Esquire, for Ditto Service To Ditto, for Ditto Service -To Mary Buddy Widow of Henry Buddy for Ditto Service -

300

300----

383 15 3

313 — 4 383 15 3

3*3 — 4 324 13 1 170 5 4

118 6 1

August 18.

1783.

June 20th.

December 10.

1784.

January 15th.

29th.

February 2d. 11.

8th.

20th.

March 6th. 15th.

17-

20.

27.

To' the Assignees of John Maton, late Contractor for supplying Bread, Forage, &c\ for the Home Encampments in 1782, upon Account, by Way of further Advance for the said Service -

To Aaron Graham, Esquire, Agent for the Recaptors of the Amazon Transport, for the Salvage of Army Baggage, shipped on Board

J - 156 13 n

the said Vessel -To Major W. J. Darby, to reimburse him the Loss of Money sent by him for Subsistence of Prisoners of the 7th Regiment of Foot in America, which was seized by the Rebels....

To Captain John Wilsony of the 28th Regiment of Foot, for foe Expence attending the Cure of a Wound he received in an Attack upon the Rebels in the Jerseys in North America -To Major General Thomas Stirling, for the Cure of a Wound received as he was leading the Van of the British Army against the Rebels in New Jersey, the 6th June 1780 -

To Captain Hawkins, of the Ship of War The Ceres, for the Passage of Sir Guy Car let on from North America - -

To Surgeon T. Chisholme, of the 56th Regiment of Foot, being His Majesty’s Bounty for the Loss of his Leg, by the Explosion of a Shell at the Siege of Gibraltar -

To G. Best, Esquire, for the contingent Disbursements of Three Hanoverian Battalions at Gibraltar, from 25th June 1782 to 24th June 1783, and of Two Battalions in Great Britain, from foe 24th February 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

To jR. Aberdeiny Esquire, who was appointed Commissary General on the intended Expedition under General Balling, for Losses by foe Sybella Transport foundering at Sea. -

To M. G. Precost, for Cloathing furnished to foe Provincial Forces in West Florida - -

To Sir /. Balling, to be paid over to sundry Officers of foe 37 th Regiment of Foot, for foe Losses they sustained by foe Wreck of foe Jenny Transport on Anastatia Island -

To Captain Walter Gwennap, of foe Fire Ship foe Volcano, for foe Passage of General Bischausen from New

York - ....

To Lieut. Colonel Andreas Emmerich, in Consideration of his Expences, on Account of foe Corps of Cavalry and Light Infantry raised by him in America during the late War - - - - !

To. Captain R. Palmer, of the 1st Battalion of the Duke of Cumberland.’s Regiment, for Losses he sustained

when taken Prisoner by the Americans -To William Dean Poyntz, Esquire, late Deputy Paymaster in America, as a Reward for his Services in raising Money for the Pay and Extraordinaries of the Army at New York, after the Expiration of Messrs,. Harley and Drummond’s Contract -

174 11 10

65 7 6

332 5 —

150 —

73----

847 19 9

226 10 —

327

50 10 4

150----

900 —

19 *9 —

1,000 — —

5,909 H 5

2j000 -

To

Googh

25 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1784-March 31st,

7*7

April 6.

April 14th.

22.

29-

6.

12.

135 12 755 1 32 2

912 2

253 18

525 — >73 5 -

14 11 —

To Captain Jacob James, of the British Legion in America, for the Loss he sustained by advancing Subsistence for the same, which he could not obtain* bu Reason the Regimental Paymaster had been robbed of the Money in his Hands applicable to that Purpose

To Captain James Hawkins, of the Ceres Frigate, for Commission and Expences, in bringing the Sum of £ 69,000 from New York to London -To Lieut Colonel D. Ferguson, of the late 71st Regiment of Foot, to replace Two Horses taken- by the Rebels in America in the Year 1777 -

To Lieut. Colonel Welbore Ellis Doyle, for Clpathing for the late 105 th Regiment of Foot, whilst a Provincial Corps, previous to its Establishment, in the Years 1781 and 1782 . - -

To Lieut. Colonel Campbell, for sundry Sums disbursed by him for His Majesty’s Service, in the Southern District of America - -

May 1st. To James Robertson, for the Loss of the Sloop Gigg, whilst employed by Governor Parr in the Service of the Province of Nova Scotia -To Lieut. Robert Pringle, of the 51st Regiment of Foot, for his Expences while detained as an Hostage at Minorca -

To Messrs. Gray and Ogilvie, to be paid over to Ensign J. V. Field, of the 15th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses he sustained at the Siege of Brimstone Hill ..... - - .

21. To the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, for Levey Money for 799 Recruits, raised pursuant to Requisition, but which, on Account of the Peace, were not employed - - 4,19415

To Ebenczer Nicholson, for Medicines supplied the sick Loyalists on their Passage from New York to Nova Scotia - - - . - - - - 12 —

To Barent Roorback, for Rent of a House at New York, used as a Barrack, from July 1779 tiU May 1782 - 116 —

To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for several Articles of Merchandize for Presents to the Indians in Canada, and Tools and Implements for the Loyalists there - - 34,91$ 17

To Ensign Andrew M'Can, of the Queen’s Rangers,

+ as of His Majesty’s Bounty, in Consideration of the ^Hardships he suffered while a Prisoner in America - 100 — -

To Benjamin Duley, for Demurrage of the Ship Polly,

employed to carry Stores to Senegal - - - 80 5

To Lieut. Colonel Colin Lindsay, of the 46th Regiment of Foot, for the Expence of a Storehouse jot the Baggage of the said Regiment, when on Duty in the West Indies - - - .

June 2d. To M. G. Med&ws, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the late 89th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses they sustained by the Hurricane at Sv Lucia - -

To Lieut. John Haynes, of Lieut Colonel Pringle's Corps of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken by the French Fleet ——

8. To Thomas Parkin, Esquire, for Cloaths, Provisions,

&c\ supplied some Invalids who were wrecked near the Island of S* Michael, in the Year 1780 - -

To Edmund Armstrong, Esquire, Agent to the African Corps, to be paid over to sundry Persons for the Deficiencies of Provisions, and for Labour done by them at Goree - - - *

11. To Letggi Cotti, Chaplain to the Corsican Volunteers at Gibraltar, as a Gratuity for his Services during the Siege of that Place -22d. To Colonel Allan McLean, of the 84th Regiment, for the Expence incurred for the Purchase of a Ship to carry off from Newfoundland the Recruits belonging to the said Regiment - -

Army

Extras*

Vol. 40.

26 15 —

175 7 —

16 — —

996 7. 3

111 3 — 50-----

750 — —

To

Army

Extras.

788

1

Dates of Warrants.

A- 17»5.

June 24. To Lieut. 3%o»kb M'Lero of the 63d Regiment of Foot, being His Majesty's Bounty for the Loss of the Use of his Ann, by a Wound in Action at Hobkirk’s Hill, in America - - " *

«6. To Mary Webb, Widow of James , late Commissary of Musters in the Southern District of America, being due to the said James Webb for Travelling Charges - " " " "

28. lb William Brymer, for the Expence of a Vessel to carry Lord Charles Montague, and a Part of his Regiment, from Jamaica to Nova Scotia, and for Provisions and Necessaries for the said Troops 30. To M. G. Tottenham, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 90th Regiment of Foot, for the Losses they sustained by the Hurricane at Barbadoes and S' Lucia,

in October 1780....

July 8 th. To John Brickwood, to pay a Bill of Exchange for the Expence of Provisions for a Company of Loyalists, who sailed, under Command of Captain John from New York, by Order of Sir Guy Carleton, for Nova Scotia, but by bad Weather were obliged to take Refuge in Bermuda, during their Stay in that Island ——

To N. Collyer, Esquire, to reimburse the Money advanced by him to Major Sheridan, to be distributed among the disbanded Provincial Non-commissioned Officers and Soldiers arrived with him from North America, for carrying them to their respective

Homes - -

To General Thomas Fraser, to reimburse the Expences incurred by him, for the Use of the Forces under his Command in the West Indies -To E. Armstrong, Esquire, Agent to the African Corps, to be paid Over to sundry Persons, for the Deficiencies of Provisions, and for Labour done by them at Goree - -

12, To Fredk Phillips, Esquire, for his Support, which was directed to be paid by Warrant from Sir Guy Carleton in America, but which Warrant remains unsatisfied -

22. To Colonel Andrew Deveaux, in Part, towards Payment of his Expences and Losses while employed on an Expedition to New Providence -26. To Messrs. Strachan, Mackenzie, and C*, for the Use of Messrs. Alexander and Leslie, for the Loss of the Schooner Good Intent, while employed in the Service of the Province of East Florida -To Messrs. Duncan and Dilworth, for the Detention and Service of the Privateer Rosebud, at S' Augustine, in the Year 1779 -

28th. To Brigadier General Sir H. Colder, Baronet, being the Balance of his Account as Commandant of the Island of S’. Lucia - - - - .

To Colonel John Hamilton, for the Value of Cloathing furnished the Royal North Carolina Regiment, by Direction of Earl Cornwallis ..

August 7. To Lieutenant Richard Houghton, to reimburse the Expences incurred by him in coming to Europe, by Order of General Haldimand, Governor of Quebec, with Samples of Indian Presents - -

21. To Major James Brace, in Part of the Sum of £. 374. 12. 6. advanced by the Officers for the Payment of the Men of the Royal Fencible American Regiment -26. To George Best, Esquire, for the contingent Disbursements of Two Hanoverian Battalions, from 25th June 1783 to 24th June 1784 -

28. To Charles Stewart, Esquire, Cashier and Paymaster of the Revenue of Customs in America, to replace to the said Revenue so much received out of the < Customs at New York by M. G. Tryon, Governor of that Province, which was applied by him to Military Expences in his said Government -

85 3 4 39 — 6 757 9 *0

126 7 9

695 2 —

204 1$ 4

127 10 —

475 7 4

50-----

400 — —

175----

424 14 u

1,135 17 —

213 11 —

198 II —

260----

145 2 7

1,396 7 6

25 Geo. III.

7° Aprilis.

Bate of Warrants.

1784.

August 28.

To John Cameron, late Lieutenant of the Jamaica Royal Batteux Volunteers, for Losses he sustained by the sinking of a Boat on an Expedition against S* Juan’s Castle -

To Captain James Campbell, for the Expences he incurred T>y having been detained as an Hostage by Spain, after the Surrender of Pensacola -To Lieut. John Cummings, of the 88th Regiment of . Foot, for the Expences in providing a Vessel at S* John’s to carry to England a Detachment of Soldiers, who' arrived there, under his Care, in great Distress, after having been saved out of the Ship L’Hector, which foundered on her Passage from Jamaica -

September 3d. To Philip Dqean, Esquire, for his Sufferings and Distress, being taken Prisoner at Detroit in America, where he was principal Judge, and Paymaster of the Militia, and carried away to Williamsburgh in Virginia, and other Places, where he was kept in close Confinement, frequently in Irons, and was not released till after Peace with the American States had taken place -

To George Besty Esquire, for the contingent Disbursements of Two Hanoverian Battalions, from 25th June 1783 to 24th August 1784 -To James McIlraitht Agent for the Captors of Prizes taken at Goree, for the Value of sundry Prize Ordnance Stores, taken by the Fleet under the Command of Sir Edward Hughes, and delivered to the Commandant of Goree, for the Use of that Garrison To Eliztb Balvaird\ Widow, being His Majesty’s Bounty for the Loss of her Husband, Lieut. Peter Balvaird, of the 80th Regiment of Foot, who died of the Wounds received in Virginia -To Lieut. Hugh Fraser, of the 2d Battalion of the 84th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained when taken Prisoner near Charles Town in South Carolina - -

To Lieut. Mackenzie Stewart, of the 100th Regiment of Foot, for the Expence attending the Cure of his Wounds which he received while on Service in the East Indies -

December 2. To Lieut. Thomas AnketeU, of the 30th Regiment of Foot, for the Cure of a Wound he received at the Eutaw Springs, in South Carolina, the 8th September 1781 - -

8. To J. M. Leake, Esquire, to be paid over to Colonel E.M. Despardy for Services performed by him at Honduras, and on the Musquito Shore -To Captain J. M. Russell, for bringing General Robertson from America -

13. To William Walker, Esquire, Commissary of Provisions and Stores at Sl Vincent’s, for his contingent Disbursements, from 31S^ March 1778 to t6th June

17 79 _

February 20. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Major William Gunn, Commissary, for disembarking German Troops, for public Services - 12>971 5 5

June 7. To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 10,000-----

August 21. To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 7>139 1 2

October 6.

11.

20.

27.

November 17.

789

Army

Extras.

41 9-

793 9 —

313 8 —

February 20.

- December 20. February 20.

August 21. December 20.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Frederick

rnand, Governor of Quebec, for public Services ----- 8,401 18 o

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 9J91 9 1

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Valentine Morris, late Governor of S‘ Vincent’s, for public Services - - " ' ^o —

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - ' i,4»5 2

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 5°°

200----

138 18 2

289 8 9

85 3 4

16 6 6

83 3 —

73 3 —

267

150----

720

11

58,905 4 8

30,110 6 7

18,193 7 7

2,035 2 —

9*

To

Army

Extras.

7 9°

7" Aprilis.

Dates of Warrants.

1784-

February 20.

April 22. June 7.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir G. A. Elliott, Governor of Gibraltar, for public Services 2,000 ——

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 2,750-----

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 3,950-----

Dates of Treasury LettersT

A. 1785,

j

1

M

J

1 784.

November 6. To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D*, for contingent Services of the Garrison of Gibraltar -To Ditto, for Ditto Service

505 -

789 2 6

Dates of Warrants.

9,994 4 6

1784. _

April 22.

June 7. December 20.

June 7.

August 21.

December 20. August 21st.

December 20. August 21.

December 20.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Archibald Campbell,

Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, for public Services .....58,492 12 2

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - 43>6i3 12 1

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 21,890 4 3

---------123,996 8 6

To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Wentworth, Esquire, Surveyor of Woods in Nova Scotia, for public Services ..... 500 — ' —

To Ditto drawn by Willm Lacey, late Commandant at

Goree, for Ditto - 354 188 n

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 145 11 3

-------- 500 9 11

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Thomas Browne, Sq- 9 perintendant of Indian Affairs, for public Services - 3,069 5 8

To Ditto drawn by John Orde, Esquire, Governor of

Dominica, for Ditto - - 2,850-----

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 2,115 15 —

*-------4,96515 —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Patrick Tonyn, Governor of East Florida, for public Services - - 15,930 — —

To Ditto drawn by John Douglas, Esquire, Superintendant of Indian Affairs, for D* - 977 10 —

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 1,810 6 —

---------2,787 16 —

To Bills of Exchange drawn by The? Wilson, Captain in the Navy, and Commandant at Goree, for public

Services - -.....100-----

To Ditto drawn by Archd McArthur, Brigadier General, commanding in East Florida,

for Ditto.....862 18 8

To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 426 12 —

August 21. To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Marvell, Governor of the Bahamas, for public Services December 20th. To Ditto drawn by John Graham, Superintendant of Indian Affairs in America, for public Services -To Ditto, drawn by Horatio Smith, Acting Commissary at S* Augustine, for public Services To Ditto drawn by Edmund Lincoln, Governor of S*

Vincent's, for Ditto....

To Ditto drawn by E. Matthew, Governor of Grenada, for Ditto -

April 21. To Thomas Bullock, Esquire, to enable him to pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury, for public Services - 1,427 11 9

June 22. To Ditto, for Ditto Service - - 193-----

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Alexander Thomsons Esquire, Acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Nova Scotia, dated 26 December 1783, on Account of the extraordinary Expences of the said Forces - *3,398 10 4

To Ditto drawn by Ditto in the Month of January 1784, on Account of Ditto - - - - 3,506 — — .

1,289 10 8 246 17 6 430 1 —

500-----

2,057 6 8 955 *0 9

1,620 n 9

To

25 Geo. III.

791

Dates of Warrants.

1784.

June 22,

February 6 th.

March 20.

April 6.

To Bills of Exchange drawn by Alexander Thomson, Esquire, Acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Nova Scotia, in the Month of February 1784, on Account of the extraordinary Expences of the said Forces -

To D° drawn by D° in the Month of April 1784, on Account of

Ditto -

To D° drawn by D* in the Month of May 1784, on Account of Ditto -

To Ditto drawn by D° in the Month of June 1784, on Account of Ditto

To D° drawn by Jos. Wheelwright, Esquire, Acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Nova Scotia, in the Month of December 1784, on Account of Ditto -

1,840-----

12,272 4 4

1,100

J7>745 9 3

10,000-----

To Ditto drawn by Joshua Winslow, Esquire, Acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces at Quebec, dated 13th September 1783, on Account of the extraordinary Expences of the said Forces - 700----

To Ditto drawn by Ditto in the Month of June 1784, on Account of Ditto.....53>°43 11 9

To Ditto drawn by Ditto in the Month of July 1784, on Account of Ditto - - - - - 19>356 8 3

To Ditto drawn by Ditto in the Month of August 1784, on Account of

Ditto ----- 800-----

To Ditto drawn by Ditto in the Month ' of October 1784, on Account of

Ditto ----- 49,020-----~

To Ditto drawn by Ditto in the

Month of November 1784, on Account of Ditto - 980 -

59>86a 3 11

123,9°°

To Messrs. Jaume and Paul Francis Petrigany, being equal to Six Years Half Pay, as First Lieutenants in the Corps of Corsicans, for their Services in the said Corps at the Siege of Minorca 511 9 4

To Francis Costa, being equal to Ditto, as a Captain,

for his Services in the Marine Corps at Ditto - - 548----

To Pierre Antoine Gratarol, being equal to Ditto, as a Captain, for his Services in raising a Number of Men to compose a Corps of Swiss Chasseurs - - - 547 io — -

To Antoine Curtat, being equal to Ditto, as a Captain,

for his Services in raising Df for D° Corps - 547 10 —

To John Pitt, Esquire, for the Use of Henry Fred*

Augustus Baron D'Adelsheim, being equal to Ditto, as a Lieutenant, for his Services in raising D° for D*

Corps.....- - - 255 1° —

To Colonel James Francis Erskine, being equal to Ditto, as Colonel, for his Services in raising Ditto

for Ditto Corps.....- 1,3*4 — w

To Schaw Gfosette, being equal to D°, as Captain, fox

his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps - - 547 10 —

To Major John Cunningham, being equal to Ditto, as Major, for his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps - - 821 5 —

To James Hardie, being equal to Ditto, as Quarter Master, for his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto

Corps.....- 255 1° —

To William Stopford, being equal to Ditto, as Lieutenant Colonel, for his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps.....93° *5 —

403,044 16

Y o t. 40,

To

Army

Extras*

7* Aprilis

A »78s

79a

Army

Extras.

Dates of Warrant*.

1784-

April 6. To Hugh James Paterson, being equal to Six Years Half Pay, as a Captain, for his Services in raising a Number of Men to compose a Corps of Swiss

Chasseurs ----- - 547 10 __

To David Stuart, being 'equal to Ditto, as a Lieutenant, for his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps - 255 10 —

To Henry Westley, being equal to Ditto as Ditto, for his

Services in raising D8 for D° Corps - - - 255 10 —

To John Mackay, being equal to D8, for his Services in

raising D8 for D8 Corps ----- 200 15 —

To Rodolphe D'Erlack, being equal to Ditto, as Captain, for his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps - - 547 10 —

To Rodolphe Wilde, being equal to Ditto, as Captain, for

his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps - - 547 10 —

To lfyedk Rodolphe Muller, being equal to D°, as Captain, for his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps - -- -- - 547 10 —

To Merian D'Armine, being equal to D8, as Lieutenant, for his Services in raising D° for Ditto

Corps.....255 10 -

To Jean Rotharker, being equal to D8, as Lieutenant, for his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps - 255 10 —

To Louis Hernan, being equal to D8, as Lieutenant,

for his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps - 255 10 -

To Augustus Alt, being equal to Ditto, as Lieutenant,

for his Services in raising D* for D° Corps - . - 255 10 —

To De Burgh Fitzgerald, being equal to D8, as Lieutenant, for his Services in raising D8 for D8

Corps.....- 255 10 —

To Augustus Alt, being equal to D°, as Adjutant, for his

Services in raising D8 for D8 Corps - - - 219-----

To S. H. Wildhermet, being equal to D8, as Lieutenant, for his Services in raising Ditto for Ditto Corps - 255 10 —

June 11, To Captain Peter Colli, to complete Twelve Years Purchase for his Life, at the Rate of £.100 a Year, on Account of his Services and Sufferings at the late Siege of Minorca ---- gig 10 -

November 18. To Aleaf Wildhermet, being equal to Six Years Half Pay, as Lieutenant, for his Services in raising a Number of Men to compose a Corps of Swiss Chasseurs 200 15 -

1783.]uly 17.

1784.

January 7.

»5.

To Major J. Murray, for 142 Days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 15th May 1782 - - - 71----

To H. G. Browne, for 486 Days, as Ditto in Ditto, to

24th April 1783 -.....243------

To Conte Antonio Viscooick, for the Pay and Support of himself and Ten Sclavonians, engaged by him for the Relief of Mahon, by Order of Sir Horace Mann,

Minister at Florence - - - - 161 2 —

To the Representatives of Lieut. General Monckton, in Part of a Warrant of this Date, being his Personal Pay for 28 Days, as a Lieut. General in Great Britain,

to 22d May 1782 ---- 112----

To Doctor John Hunter, for 183 Days Pay, as Physician to the Forces in Jamaica, to 24th December

1783.....183------

To Lieut. General Morrison, for 365 Days Pay of his Two Assistants, as Quarter Master General to 24th December 1783 ---- 182 10 -

To Robert Adair, Esquire, for 244 Days Pay, as Inspector General of the Hospitals to the Forces, to

Ditto - - - 488-----

To Lieut. General Morrison, for 244 Days additional

Pay, as Quarter Master General, to Ditto - - 976 — -

To Lieut. General Fawcett, for 244 Days additional

Pay, as Adjutant General, to Ditto - 976 —

11,652 19

7° April

25 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

’ 1784.]anuary 15.

February 5.

19-

20.

*4-

March 3.

6th.

15.

17-

20.

3i.

April 16.

22.

Vol. 40.

To Captain Joseph Wall, for 183 Days additional Allowance, 3s Commandant of the African Corps and Island of Goree, to 24th December 1783 To Lieut. General Morrison, for the Expence of an extra Assistant and Clerk, as Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1782 to 24th April

1783 -

To Seth Place, for 458 Days Pay, as Pilot on board the Armed Schooner Lady William, from 4th January

1776 to 7th April 1777....

To Count Antonio Viscovick, in full for the Pay of himself, the Officers, and Ten private Men, who served with him - in the Defence of Minorca -To Peter Colie, for 189 Days Pay, as Captain in the Corps of Corsicans serving at Minorca, from 23d February 1783 to 1st September following To Lieut. General Thomas, to complete his Half Pay, as Lieutenant Governor of Fort S' Phillips, at Minorca, for the Year 1783, at £. 2 a Day -To Benedict Arnold, for Subsistence, as Brigadier General, from 24th June 1782 to 24th October 1783 -To M. G. Townsend, for his Pay, for superintending the Recruiting Service of the Forces Abroad, from 25th of April 1783 to 24th December following To Ensign James Barrett, of the Invalids, for his Allowance, for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters passing to and from Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1783 -

To Captain li. Palmer, of the 1st Battalion of the Duke of Cumberland's Regiment, for his Allowance for taking Care of the Invalids of that Regiment in Jamaica, from 2d September 1783 to 7th February

1784 - ....

To Lieut. A. Durnford' for his Allowance for mustering the Troops at Bermuda, from 2d September 1783 to 31st December following -

To Major Thomas Murray, for 122 Days Pay, as Captain in the 2d Battalion of the 84th Regiment of Foot, to 24th October 1783 -

To Oliver De Lancey, for Pay, as Brigadier General in America, from 24th June to 24th October 1783 To Lieut. A. Clarke, for 338 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in America, to 24th

December 1783....

To George Brinley, Esquire, for 182 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in America, to 23d June 1783 To Gregory Tcmiscnd. Gent, for 182 Days D°, as Assistant Commissary in D°, to 24th June 1783 To F. W. Hecht, Gent, for 92 Days D°, as D*, to 5th

October 1783....

To Jaume and Paul Francis Petrigany, for their Pay, as First Lieutenants in the Corps of Corsicans serving at Minorca, from 23d March 1782 to 6th February

1784....

To Edward Fenwick, for 525 Days Pay, as Colonel of the Militia on the Sea Islands, in South Carolina, to 27th December 1781 -

To Sir H. Calder, Baronet, for 340 Days Allowance for his extraordinary Expence while Commander of the Troops at Sl Lucia, to June 1780 To Hugh A. Kennedy, Esquire, 365 Days Pay, as Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries in Canada, to 24th December 1783 To Charles Cathcart, Esquire, for 469 Days Pay, as Quarter Master General to the Forces in the East Indies, to 19th March 1784 -

To Walter Cunningham, for Arrears of Half Pay, as Captain in a Provincial Corps raised by Jos? Martin, late Governor of North Carolina -To Alexander Adair, Esquire, for the Pay of sundry Officers of the 2d Battalion of the 84th Regiment of Foot, who were detained on Service after the Disbandment of the said Battalion - , -

9 Q

183-----

41 16 — 114 10 — 762 18 10 94 10 —

365-----

730 10 — 346 14 —

55 3 —

39 *5 —

60 10 —

61 -

17----

676-----

273 -

182-----

92----

342 10 — 630 — —

680-----

365-----

469-----

169 16 10

126 4 4

793

Army

Extra*.

To

by

A1785.

Army

Extras.

7* Aprilis.

Dates of Warrants. ________________

1784. May 21.

31-

June 3d.

11.

26.

30.

July 2 2d.

*9-' August 7.

10.

13.

18.

ai.

To Lieut. General Fawcett, for 182 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops 111 Germany, to 2d May 1784 " " " _ "

To Rigdon Brice, for Subsistence, Travelling Expences, and Stationary, as Deputy Muster Master ^General of the Provincial Forces in the Southern District of America, from 1st January 1781 to 24th October

1783 _««""" "

To Malcolm Love, for 1,172 Days Half Pay, as Lieutenant in a Corps of Provincials raised in North Carolina, to 30th April 1779 - '

To Major D. Drummond, for 366 Days Pay, as Commissary of Accounts in America, to 17th January

1784 - - - *

To Lieut. Colonel F. E. , for 31 Days Allowance as Commander of the Light Brigade, formed at Bromeswell Camp, near Woodbridge, to the 4th November 1782 -

To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 229 Days Pay, as an Assistant Commissary in America, to 4th January

1784 - - *

To John Crawford, Esquire, for Pay, as Assistant Commissary In America, as follows; viz*.

For 583 Days, from 25th September 1781 to the 30th April 1783, being the Day he transferred his Office of Assistant Commissary, at 20 s. by the Day - - 583 ~"

For 28 Days, from the 1st Day of September 1783, the Day he sailed, to the 28th of the same Month, the Day he landed at Portsmouth, at the above Hate - - - -28-----

To Brook Watson, Esquire, for 301 Pays Pay, as Su-

perintendent and Director of Forage, Provisions, Necessaries, and Extraordinaries of the Army in America, to 9th January 1784 To Colonel George Morgan, for 158 Days Pay, as Brigadier General in America, to 22 December 1781 -To Captain G. Blair, for his Pay, as Captain of the Provincial Corps of Guides and Pioneers, from 25 December 1782 to 24th October 1783 To N.Day, Esquire, for 244 Days Pay, as Commissary in Canada, to 20th Juiie 1784 -

To La Come S' Lue, Esquire, for his Pay, as Colonel of the faithful Subjects and Allies of the several Tribes of Indians in the Province of Quebec, from 16th April 1778 to 24th October 1783 - -

To L. G. Fawcett, for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1784 -

To Lieut. General Morrison, for 183 Days D®, as Quarter Master General, to 24th June 1784 -To Thomas Clarke, for 280 Days Pay, as Lieutenant General in Canada, with Two Aids de Camp, to 29th September 1784 -

To Jeremiah Donovan, for his Pay as Lieutenant, from 24th October to 16th December 1783, for attending a Detachment of the British Legion from New York to Ireland, by Order of Sir Guy Carleton, during that Period -

To Lieut. General Thomas, in lieu of full Pay, as Lieutenant Governor of Fort S' Philip, in Minorca, from 25th December 1783 to 24th June 1784, which Appointment was conferred on him upon quitting his Commission of Lieutenant Colonel in the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards -To Lieut. Colonel De Lancey, for 183 Days Pay, as Adjutant General in North America, to 24th June 1783

To Colonel Joseph Goreham, for the Subsistence of himself and Son, of the Royal American Regiment - 5

9io----

320 5 — 136 14 8 1,098-----

26 7 — 229-----

602----

237----

144 8 —

488---- r -

2,422 16 — 520 1 — 520 1 —

1,326 3 6 12 12 —

346 14 —

173 7 — 35 16 4

To

25 Geo. III.

7° Aprilis*

Dates of Warrants.

1784. August 21.

27.

28.

September 2. October 6* 8.

14.

November 17.

18.

26.

27.

29.

December 2.

13-

*5-

22.

To Thomas Aston Coffin, Esquire, for 214 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissaiy in America, to 31st December 1785 -

To Lieut. General Fawcett, for 92 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in Gfermany, to 2d August 1784 -

To Peter Ferrtck, to complete his Pay, as Surgeon to the Troops on the Island of Goree, from 10th May 1779 to 2 5 December 1783 -

To Phillip Skene, Esquire, to complete his Salary, as Lieut. Governor of Crown Point and Ticonderoga, from 28th January 1775 to 19 September 1783 To Jonathan Mallet t, Esquire, to complete 316 Days Pay, as Purveyor of Hospitals in America, to 24th December 1775 To G. J. Cooke, Esquire, an4 the Representatives of John Powell, Esquire, deceased, for the Pay of several Supernumerary Officers of Invalids, from 2# December 1781 to 24 December 1782 -To Ditto, for the Pay of D", from 25th December 1.7&2 to 24th March 1783 -

To G. X Cooke and H. Smyth, Esquires, for D°, from 26th March 1783 to 24th December following To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, for the Pay of 8 additional Surgeon’s Mates to the 88th Regiment of Foot, employed in several Detachments at separata Posts in Jamaica, between 1st March 1779 and 25th December 1781 -

To M. G. Townsend, for 183 Days Pay, as Super-intendant of the Recruiting Service, to 24th June

1784 - - -b -

To the Governor and Lieut. Governor of Gibraltar, for additional Pay as General and Lieut. General, for 365 Days, to 24th December 1782 To Lieut. General Fawcett, for 92 Days Pay, as Commissary for mustering Foreign Troops in: Germany, to 2d November 1784 -

To George Brin ley, Esquire, for 417 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary in North America* to 13th August

1784....

To Lieut. Colonel Jones, for 160 Days Pay, as Major of Brigade, to 3d August 1780 -

To Everard Home, for 292 Days Pay, as Apothecary and Storekeeper to the Hospital in Jamaica, to nth

October 1784 -....."

To Francis Harman, late Master of the Earl Cornwallis Storeship, for 120 Days Pay, as a Reward for his Services at the Siege of Minorca To Houlton Harris, for 183 Days Pay, as SuFgeon at Dominica, to 24th December 1783 Tq George Young, for 92 Days Pay, as Surgeon in the West Indies, to 25th March 1780 -To Sir H. Clinton, for 97 Days Pay, as Commander in Chief in North America, to 11th June 1782, being the Day of his landing in England -

For the Pay of several Hospital Officers in America and the West Indies, to various Periods, in the Year

1784 " ' - " " "T.

To Lieut. Henry Arnold, for ,736 Days Pay, as Lieutenant of the American Legion* to 24th October 1783 To Mr. West Hill, for Pay due to him as late Inspector of Field Hospitals in the Southern Provinces of America - *

To Roger Heriot, for 322 Days Pay, as Surgeon to the Forces in Jersey, to 24th December 1783 - *

To Ditto, for 128 Days Pay, as D', to 30th April

To1 SirGuyCarlcton, for 17 Days Pay, as Commander

in Chief in North America, with Four Aids de Camp, to toth January 1784 - - - " I

For the Pay of several General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals in America and the West Indies, to various Periods, in the Year 1784 "

214 — —

460 — —

385 -5 — 1,528 4 4

79 -

M43 3 3

2,61 8> 2

767 it 8

1,181 H — 260 — 6

4,562 10 —

46a----

625 10 —

80 -

138 6 —

60-----

91 10 — 43 »» 5

970 — —

720 3 2 331 4 —

74 10 —

161----

60 12 6

193 4 10 892 16 1

Vox.. 40.

795

Army

Extras,

T®

Army

Extras.1

7 96

Dates of Warrants.

1784. December 22.

1784.

January 15.

February 2d.

5-

April 6.-May 21st.

1783-

September 19. December 18.

1784.

January 7th.

i'5-

29-

7

o

To John Campbell, Esquire, for 233 Days Allowance, as Governor of Newfoundland, to 24th December

1783.....-

To D°, for 133 Days D', to 5th May 1784 To Major Hayman Rooke, for 366 Days Allowance, as Major in the late 98th Regiment of Foot, to 24 December 1784 To General Gage, for 636 Days Allowance, in lieu of a Troop of Light Dragoons, to 13 January 1784 -

To Captain Stapleton, for 346 Days Allowance, in lieu of D°, to 24th December 1784 -

349 10 — 188 19 6

260 — 6 466 18 1

254 — 1

To Lieut. General Mackay, being expendefd by him on divers Occasions for the Good of His Majesty’s Service in North Britain, in

1783 - - - - t - . "

To Messrs. James Kempt and Son, for the Necessaries for the Forces in North Britain -To Sir John Inglis and Thomas Dundas, Esquire, for Oatmeal, Fire, and Candles, &c\ furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons of Fort William, Castle Duart, Fort Augustus, Fort George, and the Barracks of Bernera, Inversnaid, Corgaff, and Braemarr, and the Out Post Stations in their Neighbourhood, for the Year 1783 - -

To Messrs. Todd and C°, to pay a Bill drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for One Year’s Allowance for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland, for the Year 1783.....-

To David Skene, Esquire, for the 52d Year’s Allowance for inspecting and superintending the Repairs of Roads and Bridges in North Britain -

300-----

1,921 16 10

2,569 5 2

586 13 11

500-----

To Mrs. Charlotte Pierrepont, Administratrix of M. Pierrepont, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, &ca. for the Forces at Chatham Barracks, from 5th April 1783 to 26 August following - 960 15 3

To Colonel C. Neville, for Coals and Candles for One Company and a Half of the South Lincoln Militia while in Scarborough Castle, from 12 November 1781

to nth May 1782.....65 12 6

To Colonel C. Neville, for Coals and Candles for One Company and a Half of the South Lincoln Militia xvhile in Scarborough Castle, from 12th May 1782 to

18 November following.....66 11 —

To Joshua Darwin, for Coals, Candles, &c\ for the 26th Regiment of Foot at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford’s Fort, from 1st March 1783 to 24th March

following.....84 8 —

To D°, for D°, for the 1st Battalion of the 1st Regiment of Foot, at D°, from 24th March 1783 to 28th October following - - - - 44178

To Nicholas Fiott, Esquire, for Coals for the Forces at Jersey, from 29 April 1783 to 26 October following ——

To E. B. De La Fontaine, Esquire, for supplying Coals and Candles to additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards in the Savoy Barracks, between 24th June 1783 and 25th December following To D°, for providing Utensils for Ditto Barracks, for the Year 1783....

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, S* Nicholas Island, &c\ from the 25 June 1783 to 24th December following To D°, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, &ca. for the Barracks of Plymouth Dock, from 25 December 1782 to 24th December 1783 To M. G. Scott, for One Year’s additional Allowance of Coals and Candles for the Guards in Windsor Castle, to 28th September 1783 -

253 — 10

255 -

X17 7 6

102 13 7 306 8 10

26 9 —

A. 1785.

37,852 8 7

5,877 15 "

To

A may

Extras.

25 Geo. III. 70 .

Dates of Warrants.

1784.

February 18. 19th. March 8. May 12th.

21.

June 2d.

24.

30.

July 21.

14.

August 19.

‘October 6.

14.

November 12.

17.

December 8.

January 7. February 18.

May 5.

Vol. 40.

To Lord Elphinstone, for Coals, Candles, &cs. for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 1st October to 31st December 1783 - - - - .

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock -

To Lieut. Colonel Wilt Browne. for Coals, Candles/ &c*. for the Forces in Upnor Castle, from 25th December 1782 to 24th December 1783 To Lieut. TV" Grant, for Coals and Candles for the Forces in Cumberland Fort, &c\ from 16 August 1783 to 16 February 1784 -

To Thomas Best, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, &ca. for the Barracks of Dover Castle, from 25 June 1783 to 24th December following -To A. Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock - -

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for Coals, Candles, &c\ for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25 June

1783 to 24th December following -

.To Hejtry Henderson, for Utensils, Coals, and Candles, for the Forces in Hilsea and Portsmouth Barracks -To E. B. De la Fontaine, for supplying Coals and Candles to the additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards in the Savoy Barracks, between 25 December 1783 and 24th June 1784 To Edward Kent, Esquire, for Coals, Candles, &c*. for the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 5th October 1783 to 5 April 1784 -

To Lieut. Governor Lord Elphinstone, for D° for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 25 December 1783 to 25 March 1784 -

To D*, for D° Service, from 25th March to 24th June

1784 - -

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth, Saint Nicholas Island, &c*. from 25th December 1783 to 24th June 1784 -

To Lieut. Governor Irving, for Coals and Candles for the Troops at Guernsey, from 5th April 1783 to 4th April 1784 - -

To Nick1 Fiott, Esquire, for Coals supplied for the Forces at Jersey, from 27 October 1783 to 24th March 1784

To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, upon Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces at Plymouth Dock -

To Joshua Darwin, for Coals, Candles, &ca. for the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford’s Fort, from 2d December 1783 to 13 July 1784 To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for Ditto, for the Forces in Landguard Fort^ from 25 December 1783 to 24 June 1784

170 4 —

500 -

42 1 — 72 12 —

322 5 5

500-----

104 1 3 804 11 6

255 -

1,231 9 11

186 15 6 181 3 6

353 9 — 383 17 — 193 6 7

500 :-----

85 12 8

104 1 10

To the Earl of Pembroke, for Grass Money for the 1st Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1783 - - - - 495 12 —

To General Carpenter, for Ditto for the 4th Regiment

of Dragoons, in D° Summer - - - - 180131

To L. G. Johnston, for Ditto for the 6th Regiment of

Dragoons, in D* Summer - - - - " .178104

To Sir George Hozvard, for Ditto for the 1st Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D° Summer -To L. G. Johnston, for Ditto, for the 1 lth Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer - -

To M. G. Harcourt, for Ditto for the 16th Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer -

To Lord Townshend, for D° for the 2d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, in D° Summer -To L. G. Preston, for D° for the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, in D* Summer -

741 16 6 258 16 6 495 12 — 178 10 4 126 — —

9R

797

8,27315 4

To

A. 1785.

Army

Extras*

7p8

Dates of Warrants.

1784.

May 5.

June 30.

1783.

November 26.

1784.

January 15.

29-

February 5. March 17. April 21st.

May 5. June 24.

July 26.

29.

1783.

August 13. November 6.

14.

7* Apri

To Lord Southampton, for Grass Money for the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, in the Summer 1783 -To Sir H. Clinton, for D® for the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer -

To L. G. Pitt, for D° for the 10th Regiment of Dragoons, in D° Summer -To M. G. Harcourt, for extra Feeding for the Horses, and for Victualling and Necessaries for the Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men of the 16th Regiment of Dragoons whilst attending the Royal Family -....

182 9 10 177 16 10 177 9 —

593 4 10

To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, for the Allowance of Bread Money to sundry Regiments of Foot stationed in Barracks, from 15th November 1775 to 30th June 1783 - 2,595 8 —

To Messrs. Meyrick, to enable them to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances, from 25th June 1783 to 24th December following To B. Andrews, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D® of the 30th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from D* to D®

To Messrs. Bisshopp and C% to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25th December 1782 to 24 June 1783 -

To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, to enable them to reimburse D° of sundry Regiments of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25 June 1783 to 24th December following -

To Edmund Armstrong, ‘ Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the 8 th Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D°, from 25 June 1783 to 24th December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to a Party of the said Regiment at Chatham Barracks -

To James Hockett, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse D° of the 3d Regiment of Foot, the Stoppages made for D®, from D° to D°

To John Harvey, Esquire, for the Allowance of Bread Money to Captains H. B. Browne's and A. Pyncs Independent Companies of Foot at Chatham Barracks, in the Years 1781 and 1782 .

To Messrs. Van Notten and C®,' to reimburse the Expence they were at for the Bounty on Bread furnished to the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, during their Stay in this Country To Geo. Best, Esquire, for the Allowance of Bread Money to Two Hanoverian Battalions in Plymouth Barracks, from 25 October 1783 to 18th June 1784

909 10 —

56 6 9

9*4 9 3

1,178 13 9

57 11 9

56 6 9

39 l5 4

705 18 2 260 1 6

ToMessrs. Neligan and Roberts, to enable them to reimburse the Noncommissioned Officers and Private Men of the Cornwall Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymasters Allowances, from 25- December 1781 to 24th December 1782, and for the Allowance of Bread Money -

To Alex. Adair, Esquire, for the Allowance of Bread Money for sundry Regiments of Militia in Barracks, from 27th November 1781 to 9th December 1782 -

To J. Lamb, Esquire, to enable him to reimburse the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Wiltshire Militia, the Stoppages made for the Surgeon and Paymaster’s Allowances, from 25 June 1782 to 24th December following, and for the Allowance of Bread Money to the said Regiment while in Rirracks - 294 64

*79 4 10

992 7

3,786 11 3

6,774 1 3

1,465 18 2 For

5 Geo. III.

7° April.

Dates of Warrants.

1783*

November 26. April 29. November 6.

21.

26.

1784.

June 24.

30.

For the Marches, &c*. of Captain Seymour's Independent Company of Foot, from 6th July 1781 to 24 December following ... For the Marches, &ca. of the West Norfolk Militia, from 25 June 1781 to 24th December following - - - - 152 1 —

For the Ditto of the Westmoreland Militia, from 25 December 1781 to 24 December 1782 - - - 294 6 —

For the Ditto of the Cumberland D°, from D® to D® - 197 11 6

For the Ditto of the South Devon D°, from 25 December 1781 to 24 June 1782....

For the Ditto of 1)° Regiment, from 25 June 1782 to 24 December following - -

For the D° of the North Lincoln Militia, from 25 December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -For the D° of D® Regiment, from 25 June 1782 to 24th December following - - > -

For the D° of the Herefordshire D°, from 25 December

1780 to 24 June 1781 -For the D° of D° Regiment, from 25 June 1781 to

24th December following -For the D6 of the Merionethshire Militia, from 25 December 1781 to 24 June 1782 -

For the D° of D° Militia, from 25 June 1782 to 24th December following -

For the D° of the Cheshire Militia, from 25th December

1781 to 24 December 1782 -

104 7 — 182 16 7 135 6 — 108 10 6 167 — 6 269 11 — 47 13 6 21 5 6 392 12 6

For the D® of the Durham D°, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 -

For the D® of D° Militia, from 25 June 1782 to 25 March 1783 -

For the D® of the Hertfordshire D°, from 25 June 1782 to 24th December following -

111 14 3 44 6 10 144 8 —

January 29. To L. G. Fawcett, for a Compensation to sundry Nori-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 15th Regiment of Foot, for Cloath-

ing lost or destroyed in the West Indies -March 3d. To Lord George H. Lennox, for Cloathing for the 25th Regiment of Foot, in lieu of what was taken by the Enemy on board the Minerva Storeship, on its Passage to Gibraltar -

April 21st. To L. G. Parker, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 20th Regiment of Foot lost or taken on actual Service in America -

May 12. To Sir D. Lindsay, Baronet, to make good the Cloathing of the 59th Regiment of Foot, that was taken by the Enemy on board the Minerva Storeship, on its Passage to Gibraltar -

September 3d. To Sir Wm Erskine, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 80th Regiment of Foot, which were taken by the

Enemy, and lost in Action....

To L. G. Robertson, for Cloathing of the 16th Regiment of Foot taken by the Enemy at Pensacola, in the Year 1781....

309 11 6

L53i 4 7

388

495 10 6

1,119 6 3

561 19

Regiment

26

214

jo — — 10

January 15* To M. G. S( John, in lieu of 49 Days Net Off Reckonings of additional Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 36th of Foot -

To D®, in lieu of 96 Days D° of D® to D® Regiment -March 10. To M. G. Bruce, in lieu of 122 Days D* of additional Non-commissioned Officers of the 100th Regiment

of Foot - ....

To Lieut. Colonel Fullarton, in lieu of 122 Days D° of D° of the 98th Regiment of Foot -

48 3

48 3 2

April 22d. To General Sir G. A. Elliott, for 100 Days Forage for the 15th Regiment of Dragoons, being ordered to provide Bat Horses in May 1782, and the Officers maintaining them during the Campaign . _ - - - - 550 -

199

Army

Extras.

59 2 —

2,373 10 8

4,405 14 8

336 17 2

Vol. 40.

To

8oo

Army

Extras.

7° Aprilis.

A- >785.

Dates of Warrants.

1784.

May 10.

June 3d.

1.7-

To Brigadier General Arnold, for Bat Baggage and Forage Money, from 1st December 1781 to 8th August 1783 - -

To Lieut. Colonel F. E. Gwyn, for Bat Baggage and Forage, in Consideration of having taken the Field with the Light Brigade at Bromeswell Camp, in the Year 1782 -

To the Colonels of the several Regiments serving at Gibraltar, for Field Allowances to their respective Regiments, for the Year 1783 - -

654 10 —

40----

5*846

Dates of Sec^ at Wars Letters.

July 2d. To Messrs. Cox and Cox, on Account, to repay such of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards who served with the Detachment in America, the Stoppages made from their Pay for Provisions while they remained Prisoners

Dates of Warrants.

January 15.

April 14. June 9. August 10. October 27.

1783*

April 25.

July 9.

November 14.

17*

December 5. 18.

1784.

January 7.

15-

February 2d.

9*

18.

there with the Enemy -To Messrs Gray and Ogilviey on Account, to repay D® of the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards who served with D°, the Stoppages made from their Pay for D° while Prisoners there with the Enemy -To D°, on Account, to pay D° of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards who served with D°, the Stoppages made from their Pay for D° while Prisoners there with the Enemy.....-

1,063 18 n

765

2 11

no 8 6

To John Charleton, Esquire, on Account, for sundry contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c\ -

To Ditto, on further Account, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, on further Account, for Ditto Service -To Ditto, on further Account, for Ditto Service -To D°, on further Account, for D° Service -

To Mary Prince, Collector of the Tolls on Richmond Bridge, Toll of the Land Forces passing the said Bridge To Captains Farquharson and Crowe, for Knapsacks for their.respective Independent Companies of Foot To Earl Cholmondeley, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the Cheshire Militia, for the Year 1782 To Mrs. Eliz. Badd, for furnishing Provisions to the 18th and 104th Regiments of Foot -To Sir James Lowther, Baronet, for the Subsistence of a Volunteer Company added to the Westmoreland Militia, previous to its Establishment -To Sir William Boothby, to be paid over to sundry Men of the 6tfcr Regiment of Foot, in lieu of Necessaries lost by a Fire at Jersey

To L. G. Morrison, for his contingent Expences, as Quarter Master General, from 25th June 1783 to 24 December following -To Colonel Williamson, for his D°, as Deputy Adjutant General, from 25 December 1782 to 24th December 1783 - - ....

To Lieut. G. Pitt, for his Expences on extra Duty when ordered to take the Command of the Hessian

Troops at Chatham....

To Lieut. General Fawcett, for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25 June to 24th December 1783 - -

To M. G. Townsend, for his D°, as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from D° to D° -To D°, being the Amount of his General Account of Expenditures on DQ Service, for D° Time

1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 2,000 —

Bridge, for the

04 14 10

5817 —

172 18 —

10 c 00 1610

110 18 —

144 4 —

143 3 —

154 4 —

61 13 —

265 5 —

2 55 6 S

304 5 2

7,090 10 -

2,539 10 4

6,000----

To

25 Geo. III.

So i

Dates of Warrants.

1734.

April 12.

14.

21.

22.

28.

M^y 12th. 21.

June 2d.

17-24. July 7.

14.

21.

29th.

31-

August 17. September 1.

To John Gore, Esquire, for Necessaries Furnished for the Use of the Foot Guards iti the Tower, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1784 -

To M. G. Rot/, for his contingent Expences, as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 25 June to 24 December 1783 - -

To TVm Ricey Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work <fone in Repairs, &c\ of the Foot Guards Rooms, Orderly Rooms, and Sutlers, Somerset House Barracks, and Recruit House, for One Year, to 1st January 1783 -

To M. Wilkinson, Esquire, for his contingent Expences, as Secretary to General Conway, Commander in Chief, from 29th March 1783 to 19 December following To Messrs. Bisshopp and Bnimmell, to be paid over to sundry Officers of the 5th, 29th, and 62d Regiments of Foot, for their contingent Expences on the Recruiting Service in Ireland -To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for printing, &c*. several Acts of Parliament, for the Use of the

Army....

To General F. de Losberg, for the Expence in providing Lodgings for the Accommodation of himself and . Stall Officers of the Hessian Troops, during their Stay in England -

To Messrs. Douglas and Lawrie, to be paid over to the Owners of sundry Sloops, for the Passage and Victualling of discharged Men of the 104th Regiment of Foot, from Guernsey to England and Ireland -

To Messrs. Francis and John Car let on, for Expences incurred by them in the Embarkation, &ca. of Troops at Cork and Waterford, in the Year 1782 To L. Morse, Esquire, for carrying on, for One Year, to Midsummer 1784, a progressive List of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army -To the Captains of several Independent Companies of Foot, for Knapsacks for their respective Companies .....- -

To the Duke of Gloucester, for Cloathing the Drum-

mers and Hautbois of the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards, for Two Years, to 25 March 1785 -To M. G. Rowley, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the I02d Regiment of Foot -

To L. G. Morrison, for his contingent Expences as Quarter Master General, for Six Months, to 24th

June 1784 - ....

To Lieut. General Fawcett, for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, for Six Months,

toD*.....-

To Robert Quarme, Esquire, to be paid over to the Governor of the Asylum, for the Expence incurred for the Troops stationed there during the Tumults, in the Year 1780 -

To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines, Drugs, and Materials, for the Forces in the Year 1783- -

For Fees at the Auditor’s Office, the Treasury, and War Office, in passing the Accounts of Lord North and George Cooke, Esquire, Charles Townsend, and Mr. Cooke, and the Right honourable T. Townshend, as late Paymasters General To Major Richard Bailey, for sundry Expences in superintending Embarkations, &c\ from 11th March

1783 to 26 July 1784 -

To Earl Waldegrave, for Cloathing the Drummers and Hautbois of the 2d (or Coldstream) Regiment of Foot Guards, for Two Years, to May 1785 -To the Duke of Argyll, for D° of the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards, for D°, to D* - - * 14

619 6

108 3 —

1,037 13 1

395 12 8

187 18 3

275 6 10

185 19 —

110 6 6

138 2 4

103 3 —

*75 9 —

344 9 "

158 9 6

164 4 —

265 5 —

95 8 6

5.301 14 2

370 2 —

116 — 11

344 9 ~

344 9 "

Army Lx Iras.

Vo l. 40.

9S

To

8o3

Army Dates of Warrants.

Extras. ——

1784-

October 6.

14-

29.

December 3.

8.

Date of Treasury Letter.

February 7.

70 Apri

A. 1785.

To John Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries for the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Michaelmas 1784 -

To D°, for sundry Utensils for D°, for One Year, to

D°....

To General Lambton, to be paid over to N. Fiott, for the Passage of the 68th Regiment of Foot, from Jersey and Guernsey to Portsmouth -To, Major General Townsend, fox his contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, lor Six Months, to 24 June 1784- -

To Lieut. Governor Dawson, for the Expence incurred by him as Major Commandant of the Isle of Man Fencibles, for Cloathing thereof, for the Year

1783 - ....

To M. G. Townsend, being the Balance of his General Accompt of Expenditures for the Recruiting Service, for Six Months, to 24 June 1784- -

To Lieut. Governor John Campbell, for his extra Expences and Contingencies peculiar to his Command, as Lieut. Governor of Plymouth, from 10th March 1783 to 24th December following -

To Lord G. H. Lennox, to be paid over to sundry Persons, for the Hire of Grounds for the Encampments

1781 and 1782....

To William Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, for One Year, to 1st January

1783.....-

335 5 10

81 17 4

154 4 —

247 2 6

86 17 —

651 15 9

82 12 —

357 13 10

3,046 11 7

17,829 17 7

Payments on Account of the Forces in the East Indies:

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by T. Astey, on Account of his Pay, as Mate to the'Hospital in the East Indies - - 80 5 —

To the Agent of the 23d Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1783 143 5 6

To D°, on Account of D° of D* Regi- r ment, for the Year 1784 - 878 3 6

------- 1,021 9 —

To the Agent of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1783 - 15 18 —

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1784 - - 838 1 —

--------- 853 19 —

To the Agent of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Battalion serving in the East Indies, for the Year

1783 -..... 330 6 —

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Battalion, for the Year 1784 - - - 375 3 —

--------- 705 9 —

To the Agent of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1783 64 1 —

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1784 - - 799 14 6

------ — 863 15 6

To the Agent of the 1st Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Battalion serving in the East Indies, for the Year

1783..... 158 7 6

To D", on Account of D° of D° Battalion, for the Year 1784 - - - 1,776 19 2 ,

-----1----- 1,935 6 8

To

25 Geo.

Date of Treasury Letter. V —

1784. Feb. 7.

Vo l. 40,

III.

7

a

To the Agent of the 78th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1782 74 10 4

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1783 - - A33 12 6

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1784 - - 815 8 6

To the Agent of the 98th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1782 4 13 —

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1783 - 526 8 —

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1784 - - 1,729 7 —

To the Agent of the iqpth Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1782 25 1 —

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1783 - - 1,299 11 —

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1784 - - 1,314 1 —

To the Agent of the 101st Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1782 56 8 6

To D°, on Account of D° of D* Regiment, for the Year 1783 - - 445 9 —

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1784 - - 1,929 8 —

To the Agent of the I02d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1783 575 2 6

To D°, on Account of D° of D° Regiment, for the Year 1784 - - 966 18 —

To the Agent of the 8th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of a Detachment of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year

1/83....

To D° of the 9th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of a Detachment of that Regiment serving in D°, for the Year 1782 -To D° of the 20th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of a Detachment of that Regiment . serving in D°, for the Year 1782 -To the Agent of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Recruiting of that Regiment, for the Year

1784.....1,150 — —

To 1)° of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, on Account of

D° of that Battalion, for D° Year - 500--

To D° of the 5 2d Regiment of Foot, on Account of D° of that Regiment, for D° Year - - - 800 -

To D° of the 1st Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of D° of that Battalion, for

D* Year ----- 100-----

To D° of the 78th Regiment of Foot, on Account of D° of that Regiment, for D° Year - 500 -

To the Clothier of the 23d Regiment of Dragoons, for 122 Days Net Off Reckonings of that Regiment, to 24th December 1782 - - 752 11 5

To D°, for 365 Days D° of D° Regiment, to 24th December 1783 - 2,251 11 3

To D° of the 8th Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D° of a Detachment , of that Regiment, to 24th December 1782 - - - 74 5 10

1,023 11 4

2,260 8 —

2,638 13 —

2,431 5 6

i,542 —

6

392 19 — 206 5 — 1,447 13 7

3,050-----

803

Army

Extras.

To

7° dprilis.

Army

Extra*

A-

Date of Treasury, Letter.

1784. Feb. 7-

To the Clothier of the 9th Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days Net Off Reckonings of a Detachment of that Regiment, to 24th December 1782 - - *

To D® of the 20th Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D® of a Detachment of that Regiment, to D® , -To D° of the 47th Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D* of a Detachment of that Regiment, to D®

To D° of the 2d Battalion of the 42d Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D° of 10 Companies of that Battalion, to D° - ‘

To D", for 365 Days D® of D® Battalion, to 24th December 1783 -

To D® of the tst Battalion of the 73d Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D' of 10 Companies of that Battalion, to 24th December 1782 -

To D° for 365 Days D° of D® Battalion, to 24th December 1783 To D® of the 78th Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to 24th December 1782 - -

To D®, for 365 Days D" of D° Regiment, to 24th December 1783 To D° of the 98th Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment^ to 24th December 1782 - -

To D®, for 365 Days D® of D® Regiment, to 24 December 1783 To D* of the 1 ooth Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to 24 December 1782 -

To D®, for 365 Days D® of D* Regiment, to 24th December 1783 -To D® of the 101 st Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D* of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to 24th December 1782 -

To D®, for 365 Days D® of D® Regiment, to 24th December 1783 To the Clothier of the i02d Regiment of Foot, for 122 Days D* of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to 24th December 1782 To D®, for 365 Days D* of D° Regiment, to 24 December 1783 To the Clothier of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for 290 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to 24th December 1783 To D* of the 52d Regiment of Foot, for 289 Days D® of 10 Companies of that Regiment, to D®

74 5 10 74 5 10 74 5 1®

746 411 2,232 13 2

1.043 3 5

3.121 1 8

1.043 3 5

3.121 — 7

1.043 3 5

3.120 19 5

1.043 3 5

3.120 19 6

I, 003 1 8 2,998 18 1

J. 043 3 8 3, H7 13 11

2,479 14 5

2,471 2 8

36,050 13 4

56,53 13 5 683,116 8 3

N. B. When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have Credit, in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above-mentioned Sums, issued to the Agents and Clothiers of sundry Corps serving in the East,

- toward

J

Army

Extras.

Commercial Intercourse *ith Ireland.

25 Geo. III. 70 Aprilis.

TOWARDS the Account of Extraordinaries of the Army incurred, and paid, from die 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784, may be applied the following Sums; viz1.

The Amount of Stoppages made for Victualling the Forces in Canada, Nova Scotia, and the West Indies, from October 1783 to October 1784 -

Received of Francis Baring, Esquire, being the Amount of the Sale of Provisions under his late Contract - -

Amount of Respits made on Corps actually cleared, from 25th April 178210 24th December 1782..... ....

Amount of a Sum of Money paid into the Bank, on Account of the Paymaster General, by Colonel Henry Fox, Administrator to Henry Lord Holland\ deceased, as Part of the Balance of the said Lord Holland's Account -

Amount of a Sum of Money paid into the Bank, on Account of Ditto, by Major General Samuel Townsend\ as a Re-payment of so much issued to him, on Account of the Imprest

Service '.....- -

Amount of a Sum of Money applied for the Subsistence of the Army (in the Year 1784) by the Deputy Paymaster at Halifax, Nova Scotia, out of the Monies charged for his Bills, asked in this Account of Extraordinaries -

Amount of a Sum of Money applied for the Subsistence of the Army (in the Year 1784) by the Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, out of Monies which came into his Hands by the Sale of public Stores ——

Amount of a Sum of Money applied for the Subsistence of the Army (in the Year 1784) by the Deputy Paymaster in Canada, out x>f the Monies charged for his Bills, asked in this Account of Extraordinaries ——

Amount of Sums of Money received at sundry Times by the Deputy Paymaster at Gibraltar, of General Sir Geo. Augustus Elliott, Governor, on Account of the Subsistence of the Forces serving in that Garrison -

c

£ 9. d>

29,989 7 —

20.000 -

127,000 —

40.000 -

900-----

12,404 18 8

1 .

4,96814 3

23,20711 7

34,008 6 8 292,478 l8 2

War Office, 7th April 178

Geo. Yonge*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of William Robertson> in Name and Behalf of himself, and of the other Partners of the Iron Manufactory at Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, under the Name and Firm of William Robertson and Company, of Thomas Edington, for himself, and in Behalf of the other Partners of the Iron Manufactory at Cramond, in the County of Edinburgh, under the Firm of Caddells and Edington, and of Peter Murdoch, for himself, and in Behalf of the other Partners of the Iron Manufactory at Dalnottar, in the County of Dumbarton, under the Firm of Murdoch, Gillies, and Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the above Companies have expended large Sums of Money in erecting Slitt and Forge Mills, and other Machinery for Manufacturing of Iron at the Places above-mentioned, and employ a great Number of Hands in carrying on their several Works; and that the Iron manufactured by the above Companies is Foreign Iron, which pays a Duty to His Majesty, at Importation, of £.2. 16s. 1 d.^ per Ton, whereas the Duty payable in Ireland\ upon

Vol. 40.

the Importation of this Article into that Kingdom, is no mbre than 95. 7d.\\ and that the greatest Part of the Articles manufactured by the Petitioners from Foreign Iron are exported to other Nations, and none of the Duty paid at Importation is drawn back upon the Exportation of the manufactured Articles; and, the Petitioners, being informed that certain Resolutions of the Parliament of Ireland, relative to the Trade of that Kingdom, are now under the Consideration of the House, and observing, that these Resolutions make no Provision for imposing the like Duties upon the Importation of Foreign Iron into Ireland which are now payable in Britain, beg Leave to suggest, that, unless the Duty at Importation is equalized in both Countries, the Manufacturers in Ireland will be enabled to undersell the Petitioners and the other Manufacturers of this Article in Britain, at every Foreign Market, by at least Twenty per Cent, on the original Cost of the raw Materials, not to mention another essential Advantage which the one Country has over the other, in Point of Cheapness of Labour; and, that there is no other Method whatever of equalizing the Duties upon the Article of Iron between the Two Kingdoms, other than that of imposing the same Duty upon this Article in both Kingdoms at

9T th*

nioithoin,

8o 6

7° Aprilis. A. 1785.

the Period of Importation: And therefore praying, That their Case, being taken under Consideration, the House will grant to the Petitioners, for themselves and Partners, such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upop the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Plate Glass Ordered\ That Sir William Dolben do make the Re-

Manufacture. port frotn the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and -afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Wherq the same was read \ and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate " certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, €( with proper Powers, for the Purpose of establishing " Orq or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom a of Great Britain, and for the effectually supporting " and conducting the same upon an improved Plan, in . a peculiar Manner, for the casting of large Plate u Glass," wras read: And,

Mr. Alexander Black being examined, said, That be is Secretary to the said Company — 'That, under the Sanction, Authority, and Encouragement of the said Act of Parliament, the Company have, with unremitting. Attention, endeavoured to forward the above-mentioned Work, not merely with a View to their own Emolument and Advantage, but as an Object of Public and National Concern — That the Result has been a complete Performance of every Thing (hat was held up as a Plea to warrant the Privileges granted by Parliament to the said Company, who have brought the Manufactory to such a Degree of Perfection, as to become an Object of Envy and Jealousy to the French Nation, in that Branch of Manufacture, which in France has been upheld for more than a Century, by peculiar Indulgences of Monopoly, and total Exemptions from Duty.

And he produced to your Committee a Copy of an Order of the French King’s Council of State, dated the 13th of October 1781, as published by . Authority; from which it appeared, that the Prch prietors of the Royal Glass Manufactory in France, haying represented to the King the Injury they should su^ain, if the new Duty on Glass, imposed by an Edict of the Month of August preceding, were to be rigorously levied on their Manufacture, the King in Council made the said Order, whereby the said Company of Proprietors weFe allowed to compound for the said Duties, at the Rate of 150,000 Livres per Annum, payable Quarterly; and that, as a further Encouragement, the whole Amount of the new Duty, as imposed by the said Edict, on such Glass as they should furnish for the Use of the Royal Palaces, or send Abroad, should be deducted from the said Composition: And it further appeared, from the said Order, that with a Yiew to enabling the said Proprietors to recover the Amount of the Duty which, under the said Composition, they should actually pay, tho Tarifte of their Prices of Glass was increased Ten per Cent.

And being further examined, he said, That the

Company of British Cast Plate Manufacturers have expended, in the Progress of their Works, upwards of One hundred thousand Pounds, without receiving any Dividend whatever, owing to a Variety of Circumstances, to which an Infant Manufactory, upon an entire new Plan, must necessarily be liable; in Confirmation of which, he produced to your Committee an Account, which is hereunto annexed, N° 1.

Mr. George Mackay being then examined, said, That, among divers Hardships and Difficulties the said Company had experienced, they had found the Duties payable to Government very oppressive, owing to the Mode in which they are collected, and the Manner in which Glass is made, by Casting, differing from all other B?'itish Manufactories, wherein the Glass is made by Blowing, and on which the Duties must fall lighter, though the Quantum of the Duty charged by Law on the Materials is exactly the same — That this appears to be owing to a Waste of Metal through the w hole Process of the Casting Work, exceeding in Quantity more than double the Waste of the Blowing Work; in Explanation and Confirmation of which, he produced to your Committee the Accounts hereunto annexed, N° 2 and 3. — And he added, That the Allowance of Waste, which is One Fourth Part of the whole Quantity of clean Metal in the Pot, is equal to both, and therefore it compensates for the Loss by Waste in a Manner much more advantageous to the Blowing, than it does to the Casting Glass Manufactory.

Mr. Black being again examined, said, That the Company have paid Duties upon an extra Waste of Metal, not known in the Blowing Glass Manufactory, to the Amount of more than /. 7,000.

Mr. Mackay being again examined, confirmed the preceding Evidence, respecting the Duties upon extra Waste; and added, that all the Drawback or Allowance the Company have been able to procure, has only reduced the said Over-charge to £. 6,801.2.10 f. as appears by the Account hereunto annexed, N° 2.

And being further examined, he said, That the actual Waste, as appears by the Accounts produced, is 59 and f per Cent, on the gross gauged Metal, instead of 25 per Cent, which is the Allowance from Government for the Waste — That this Excess has arisen from the peculiar Process in making Cast Plate Glass, unknown in England\ when the Acts were passed which laid the Duties — That the Operations peculiar to the Casting Work, which occasion such Waste, are chiefly the more frequent Breakage of Pots in the Furnace, and Loss of Metal therein, from its very great Heat, and particular Construction to admit the Cuvetts; the lading of the Metal out of the peat Pots in the Furnace into smaller ones, called Cuvetts; the scumming of the Cuvetts; the Metal adhering to the Bottom and Sides of the Cuvetts; the Metal forced over the End of the Table by the Roller; and the Heads or Lumps formed ori the Plates, by pushing them into the annealing Furnace, and squaring the Platea into proper Shapes; all which Waste, in the Casting Plate Glass, except the Breakage of Pots, as aforesaid, arises after the Officer has gauged the Metal, on which Gauge the Duty is paid; and that the Manufactory is further liable to a Variety of Accidents, which often destroy the Plates — That, on Account of the above Difficulties and Hardships, respecting the Duties, the Manufactory was stopped on the 18th of May 1784, has ceased working ever since, and cannot be carried on again without some Relief from Parliament. — And being asked, Whether he recollected any Application being made to the Excise Board, a few Years ago, for Relief, with respect to Payment of the G4ass Duty, on Account of Waste in manufacturing? he said, Such Application had been 6 made

25 Geo. III. 70 Jprilis. 807

made in June 1782 — That a Meeting was had with Average — That he, the Witness, did not agree in his piateGlas* the Commissioners, at which he attended, and gave Accounts with Mr. Jackson, who had formed his own Manufacture in Papers similar to those he now produced to the on 28 Experiments made singly in the Course of 11 Committee — That Mr. Jackson, the General Surveyor Months — That the Witness’s Account is calculated of the Glass Duty, also attended, and that he did not on the 'Whole, good and bad together, and an Ave-know of any Examination respecting the Plate Casting rage formed therefrom. — And being further examined,

Process, either then or since, other than giving in the he said, That the Commissioners reported, that the Accounts above-mentioned, on the Part of the Com- Company ought to have an Allowance for the Time pany, and Reports being made to the Board by Mr. past; but that they hoped, when the Men should be Jackson — That no Answer has been received to this more experienced in the Work, the Waste would bb Application, and the Company do not now receive leas; but that the Waste bad not been found to di-any greater Allowance from the Commissioners than minish, except in Cases where Wood alone had been they ever had — That from the first Establishment of constantly burnt, which, on Account of the Expence, the Manufactory, the Company had an indulgence of the Company cannot afford to do; and even if they lading the Metal out below the Four Inches specified did, the Saving of Waste would be very inconsider-by the Act; but notwithstanding this, the Amount of able, it arising merely from the Circumstance of there actual Waste is exactly as stated in the Paper by him being less scumming of the Cuvetts with Wood Fires produced — That the said Mr. Jackson had made a than with Coal. — rAnd he concluded with saying, That Report to the Commissioners of Excise, of his Expe- he apprehends the Board of Excise cannot give the riments, which Report had been transmitted to the Company that Relief which is indispensably necessary Lords of the Treasury; and that from this Report it to the carrying on of their slate Glass Manufac-appeared, that he bad calculated the Waste in the tory.

Casting Plate Manufactory at 50 per Cent on the

Vol. 40.

N° 1.

8o8

y° Apri

A. 1785.

Plate Glass Manufacture.

NM.

BRITISH Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers DISBURSEMENTS from April 1773 to December 1784.

For Barilla -

Pot Clay - -

Common Clay -

Cullet....

Wood....

Pit Coals - -

Charcoal and Turf -

Sand -

Hay and Straw -Materials -

Hall Labour (casting Glass) Millers - -

Manufactory Labour -Salaries and Wages -Making Pots -Labour in blowing Glass

Materials and Labour -

£ s. d.

- »4,425' 8 6

- 1,092 it 2

281 4 11

£ t. 1

> - 577 19 4

1,031 1 8

- 6,922 14 1

- - iyo 7 6

- 691 9 7

- /- 223 3 6

824 18 11 - 4,355 1 8

836 18 — 2,988 12 11 5,849 l3 — 859 3 2 2,694 — 6

- - 43,924 8 5

43,924 8 j

Duty of Excise

22,165 1 2 11

22,165 12 u

Petty Expences Travelling Expences -House Expences Freights -Rents and Taxes Gratuities -

Grinding and Polishing Glass Land Carriage -Apothecaries Bill Utensils -

Household Furniture -Acts of Parliament, &c. Meetings of the Proprietors Law Charges -Insurance -

Sundry General Expences

Buildings at Ravenhead Estate at D°

Buildings in Albion Place, London Buildings and Estate -

1,890 19 5 944 1 10

L354 1 3

5,610 5 — 1,81917 —

1,257 1 4

6,437 6 7 1,997 4 1 76 18 5

134 6 6 336 10 2 402 10 — 227 16 3 544 2 5 1,132 19 11

24,166 — 2

24,166 — 2

26,373 16 11

1,216-----

3.353 16 n

- 30,943 13 10

30,94 313 10 121,199 15 4

Alex' Black,

Secret7.

K* 2.

t

809

35 Geo. III. f

iPlate Glass Manufacture.

b It 1 T IS H Cast Plate Glass Manufactory.

STATE of tile extra Waste on the Casting Work, taken from the Weekly Returris; beginning the 15th of February 1778, and ending the 18th of May 1784, inclusive: — And from an Average of the Two First Years, on the Amount of Duty paid, from the Commencement of the Work to the 15th of February 177$, during which Period the squared Glasses were not weighed*

From the 15th February to the 21st December 1778, inclusive, the Duty was

Cwt. qrs. lib.

charged on 2,705 — 11, and the squared Glasses amounted only

to* - - 1,472 2 7

Extra Waste 1,232 2 4, for which Duty was paid at 18 8 d. per Cwt

£ <L

1,150 7 4

From the 1st January to the 27th December 1779, inclusive, the Duty was

Cwt. qrs. lib.

charged on 1,758 3 19, and the squared Glasses amounted only to 762 11

Extra Waste 996 2 18

Of which - 437 1 13 was paid for at 18$. per Cwt And - - 559 1 5 at 18 s. 8 and 5 per Cent, per Cwt -

£408 4 21

538 2 2

946 6 4

N. B. Taking the Average of the above, it appears that the extra Waste amounted to 49 -rVhs per Cent on the neat gauged Metal.

From the Commencement of the Work to the 12th of July 1777, no Weekly Accounts were kept of the Money paid for Duty, but the Total was 1,209. 2d. From the

above Date to the 7th of February 1778, inclusive, Weekly Accounts were kept, but the squared Glasses were not weighed: — The Sum paid in this latter Period was £.2,027. 2 s.8 d.\and in all, to the 15th of February 1778, £. 3,236. 5 10 —

49 irsths per Cent on which is ....

1,614 18 1

From the 16th of January to the 31st of December 1780, inclusive, the Duty

Cwt. qrs. lib.

was charged on 2,069 2 3, and the squared Glasses amounted only to 1,094 - 13

Extra Waste 975 1 18, for which Duty was paid at 18 s.8 and 5 per Cent per Cwt, -

955 18 —

From the 7th of January to the 30th December 1781, inclusive, the Duty

Cwt. qrs. lib.

was charged on 1,514 — 3, and the squared Glasses amounted only to - - 898 — 26

Extra Waste 615 3 5

Of which - 126 3 8 was paid for at 18 s. M. and 5 per Cent, per Cwt. £. 124 5 81

And - - 488 3 25 at 18 s.8 d.and 10 per Cent per Cwt - 502 — 3J

From the 6th of January to the 21st December 1782, inclusive, the Duty was

Cwt. qrs. lib.

charged on 1,529 2 5, and the squared Glasses amounted only

to - - 776 1 7

Extra Waste 753 —

Of which - 285 2 20 waspaid for at 18#. 8 d.and 10 perCent. per Cwt 293 5 li") And - - 467 2 6 at 18s. 8 d.and 15 per Cent per Cwt - - 501 16 10

795 2 9

Vol. 40.

9 V

From

8io

A. 1785.

Manufacture. From the 5th January to the 29th December .1783, inclusive, the Duty was

Cwt. qrs. l«b.

charged on - 1,727 1 2*h and the squared Glasses amounted only

to 1,042 2 15

Extra Waste 684 3 11, for which Duty was paid at 18s. Sd. and 15 per Cent, per Cwt

Tram the 7th of January £0 the 18th of May 1784, inclusive, the Duty was charged on - 793 i 27, and the squared Glasses amounted only

to 489 1 21

Extra Waste 304 — 6, for which Duty was paid at 18$. 8 d. and 15 per Cent, per Cwt. Deduct for Returns on broken Cuvettes £, 256. 6. 8f, and an Overcharge £. 92. 16. 2.

735 4

326 7

7,150 6 9

" 349 3 io*

6,801 2 10*

By the above State it appears that the gross gauged Metal, from the 15th of February 1778 to the 18th of

J Cwt. ,*s. lit*? . ° Cwt. qrs. lib. _ ,

May 1784, inclusive, was 16,130. 1. 4.; and the Total Waste 9,594* 2- 27- which latter Weights make 59! per Cent, on the former, instead of 25 per Cent, which was supposed to be an adequate Allowance, and is nearly so upon the Blowing Work.

j

Ts'° 3*

o

N* 3.

GLASS RETURN BLOWN PLATE 1784.

D

CQ'

n'

CD

Q.

O

o

eg

?r

Date of Notice. Date of Blowing. N° of Pots. Weighed into the Pots.

1784. September. 1 3 39 3 —

1 3 2 26 1 —

4 7 3 39 1 —

8 u 3 39 1 —

11 14 3 39 1 —

14 18 3 39 1 —

18 22 4 52 2 —

22 25 4 52 2 —

26 29 3 30 —

October. 29 4 4 52 2 —

4 8 2 26-1 —

9 13 3 39 2 —

13 18 4 52 2 —

18 22 4 5i . _

22 26 4 51 . _

: 26 30 2 25 3 —

November. 3i 3 3 39 2 —

16 20 1 13 - —

21 24 2 26 2 6

December. 25 27 2 25 3 7

2 4 1 12 - 26

6 10 2 25 3 16

11 14 3 37 2 10

14 17 2 24 3 27

17 20 2 25 3 4

20 24 3 38 - 21

24 28 3 32

28 3i 3 38 3 —

Ordered, 78 996 3 5

Skimmings before Gauge. Officer’s Nl Gauge. Skimmings-after Gauge. Moyles, or Pipe Ends.

6 1 *9 24 - 24 1 1 18 3 1 6

3 2 10 17 8 1 1 6 1 3 21

4 2 21 26 1 9 1 24 3 17

4 2 13 25 - 1 1 2 14 2 2 20

5 1 *9 25 1 20 1 1 21 3 - 25

4 3 7 25 1 20 1 1 24 2 2 16

10 1 22 30 3 26 1 2 7 3 3 8

9 - 5 32 1 — 1 1 7 3 3 10

4 2 16 15 2 27 1 - 13 2 4

7 1 7 34 - 18 2 1 4 4 20

3 1 — 16 3 18 — 3 21 2 1 3

6 3 21 24 2 13 1 1 14 2 2 10

10 3 6 27 2 7 1 2 7 3 - 9

10 2 21 30 - 12 1 3 7 3 1 2

7 1 23 34 1 14 2 1 26 3 - 27

5 2 5 13 2 '9 — 3 14 2 - 4

0 2 22 23 - 27 2 1 27 2 2 21

2 3 5 6 - 18 — 2 5 — 3 6

8 3 2 10 - 20 I 1 1 1 7

5 3 — 12 2 10 — 3 13 1 3 2

2 3 9 6 3 12 — - — 3 27

5 3 — 12 2 24 X 3 — l 3 26

7 2 13 21 2 1<J 2 - 12 2 2 20

4 - 17 14 i 8 1 2 4 " 1 2

5 - — 16 - 6 2 - 3 2 - u 4

7 i 24 21 3 9 2 - 13 2 3 2

6 1 10 '8 3 7 2 - 2 2 4

6 3 26 22 2 21 1 2 21 2 2 16

'75 3 7 59° 3 22 42 - 18 71 - 6-

Bottoms of the Pots.

13

23

26

6

4 1

21

13

20

5

19 15

2

3 1

2 2 2

4 1 14

2 3 5

1 1

2;

9

8

1

12

17 12 16

18 11

6

!9

9i 3 15

N° Blown. N° of Kiln. N° Squared. Squared Glass. Weight of Cuttings. Deficiency.

»73 4 5 *99 22 2 21 1-1 1 2 6

123 1 - 136 15 - — 2 25 1 1 27

176 2 3 201 24 2 — 1 1 26 — 1 26

230 5 6 24l 22 2 8 — 3 19 3 1 4

201 1 4 214 23 2 27 — 3 21 — 3 23

242 ' 2 3 261 23 3 16 — 3 18 222

226 5 6 243 28 3 18 11 3 2 - 5

23G 4 1 24(5 29 2 17 i 1 22 2-10

1,52 2 3 150 15 1 8: — 2 IS 2 2 5

222 5 6 231 29 3 20: 1 2 — - 2 2 —

169 4 1 178 15 2 21 — 2 18 1-2

l86 2 3 178 22 2 15 1-2 1 1 7

263 5 6 274 25 1 18 1 - 11 4 - —

253 4 1 267 27 2 — 1 - — 2 -. 21

242 2 3 249 30 3 18 1 1 5 1 -. 27

1»5 6 117 12 1 13 - 1 25 1 a 18

.209 5 225 21 3 18 — 3 12 1113

59 1 6l 633 — ' 4 — 124

115 2 117 11 1 25 . — 2 — 1-20

112 3 124 13 2 11. — 2 4 — 3 4

65 5 60 6 2 21 — 1 4

114 ' 4 "9 12 2 21: ~ 2 — r 1« |

154 1 161 191 ia — 3 '4 1213

109 211 14 1 14' — ' '9 1 - 8

"3 3: *'7 '3 3 4 — 1 25 — 1 6

168 204: '9 2 4 — 2 25 2 -

151 1 4 J97 1.61.7 — 2 7 — 2 21:

170. 2 3 214: 21 ' f5r — 3 15J 1 2 18

4, S48 v 44 \5, >95 548 3 19 ?3 ' 7 43 2 17

o

w

o

By this Statement of Four Months Blowing, it appears that the Duty is

Cwt. qr». lib.

charged on 590. 3. 22. amounting to

o

£ ^34- 5- 7id.’, w’hich, upon the squared Glass 548. 3. 19. is 235. 1 \d. per C wt. instead of 21 s5 f the present Duty on Plate Glass.

It likewise appears, that the Gross

... Cwt. qrs. lib.

Lrauged Metal was 787. 3. 20. from which deducting the squared Glass

Cwt. jjrs. Jib.

548. 3. 19. there remains for Waste 239. — 1. which makes 30-^ths per Cent, on the Officers Gross Gauge, instead of 25 per Cent, allowed by Law.

4

00

22

I £

tro

n

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

81 % 70 Aprilis. 1785;*

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the an Impost of Thirty perCent. ad Valorem, upon some Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. of our English Manufactures, and in Germany a prohi-

Resolved', That this House will, upon this Day Fort- bitory Edict is now hovering over our Heads* sus-night, the 21st Day of this Instant April, resolve itself pended for a short Time, but which, in all Probabi-into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of lily, the Determination of the British Legislature on the said Report the Irish Resolutions will decide: But if, instead of

leaving ail Opening for a Commercial Regulation

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and with those States, w ho are so able, and have hitherto others of the Town and Neighbourhood of Man- shewn themselves willing, upon the Principles of Re-chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ciprocity, to increase in a very considerable Degree forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible of the the Consumption of British Manufactures, the Legis-many Advantages which would arise, as well to Eng- lature of tins Country should preclude themselves land as to Ireland, from the Establishment of an equi- from the Power of hearkening to fair and ad van-table and permanent Treaty of Commerce with their tageous Offers, and should lightly and precipitately Sister Kingdom, and are therefore far from wishing to bind themselves from ever doing so, it may merit the impede Government from making such a Treaty, but most serious Consideration of the House, what Mea- ' before the Resolutions of the Irish Parliament pass sures the Petitioners, as Subjects and Manufacturers through this House, the Petitioners beg Leave to call of this Nation, are to expect from Powers so circum-its Attention to the following Facts and Considera- stauced; but the Petitioners do not confine their tions: The Petitioners beg Leave to inform the Views to the Danger arising immediately, and directly

House, That, pripr to the Excise Laws being intro- from these Resolutions, as affecting the Manufacturers duced into the Cotton Manufactures of England and of Manchester only, but feel themselves equally enti-Scotland, a very formidable and successful Experiment tied, as Subjects of this Country, to protest against all was made in Ireland, to establish that most valuable the Propositions taken Aggregately, as a new and de-Manufacture; and, since the Introduction of the said structive System of Commercial Policy, particularly Excise Laws, which operate as a considerable Bounty the 2d, 3d, and 5th Resolutions, which, by univer-on the Irish Manufacture, the Petitioners have every sally undermining the Commercial Interests of Great Reason to apprehend that the British Market itself will Britain, must consequently affect every Trade and soon be supplied from Ireland, should these Resolu- Manufacture within it, the Prosperity of which depend tions pass into a Law; that, besides the Excise Laws evidently upon the general Wealth, Commerce, and under which the Cotton Manufacture now groans, the Prosperity, of the whole Nation: The Interests of all Petitioners beg Leave to draw the Attention of the the different Branches of Trade and Manufacture in a House to other Circumstances highly advantageous to Country must ever be nearly the same; if a Nation is Ireland, the Cheapness of Provisions, the Difference in impoverished and depopulated by a general Decline the Price of Labour, the almost total Exemption from of its Commerce, every particular Trade and Manu-internal Taxation, comparatively with England; that facture, which can only flourish from the Population the Raw Material in some Branches of the Manufac- and Riches of the whole Country,* must languish and ture of Manchester\s the Produce of Ireland, that this decline; if the Revenue be affected, as it must be, by Material can be carried through the First Stages of the the Consequence of the 2d, 3d, and 5th Resolutions, Manufacture much cheaper in Ireland than in England\ upon general Commerce and Manufactures, new Bur-that when in this Stage, namely, Linen Yarn, it is thens must fall upon the Subject, and upon all the essentially necessary to the carrying on several Branches Necessaries of Life in this Country, and those new of the Petitioners Business; that they have purchased Imposts must operate as direct Burthens upon every Annually, upon an Average of Four of the last Years, Manufacture, the Cheapness of which depends on the Linen Yarn to the Amount of £. 176,531. 8 5. 9 d. Cheapness of Labour, and of the Materials of which and of Worsted Yarn to the Amount of £.36,079. they are composed; and, the Petitioners have too 6$. 3d. making together the Sum of £.212,610. 15$. high a Sense of the Liberality and Generosity of the and for these Raw Materials the Petitioners pay, upon Irish Nation, to suppose them capable of even washing some of them, above Ten per Cent, and, upon an Ave- to rise to Greatness upon the Ruins of the British Na-rage of the whole Linen Yarn, not less than Seven tion: And therefore praying, That the House will and an Half per Cent. more than the Irish Manufac- reject the whole System now before them, as unjust, turer in Duties imposed by Ireland, and in Freight, unwise, unreasonable, and impolitic, not having either Insurances, Commissions, and sundry other Charges; Equity, Equality, or Reciprocity, for its Basis, that if this Yam was to be spun in England, it would Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the come much dearer to them, from the greater Expence Consideration of the Committee of the w hole House, of Living, and the heavy internal Taxation under to whom it is referred to consider further of so much which the Petitioners labour; and that the Petitioners of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses hope, when the House considers the many Advantages of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as Ireland will enjoy over England, that in order to create relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse and establish a fair and Suitable Treaty between the between Great Britain and Ireland.

Manufacturing Interests, of both Nations, they will

think that no Treaty ought to be made, but what is Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply established upon such Principles of Equity that will Committee of the whole House, to whom it was repreclude each Country from any just Cause of Com- ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to plaint, but the Petitioners observe, with equal Sorrow His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had and Surprize, that when the Terms of the present Re- directed him to report to the House; which he read solutions are compared with the local Situations and in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the other Circumstances of the Manufacturers of the Two Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as Kingdoms, the Advantages appear to be all on One followeth; vis.

Side, all in Favour of Ireland; and that the Petitioners Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, beg Leave to state the Disadvantages they labour un- That the Sum of One Million be granted to His Ma-der now, and have for some Time suffered in their jesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Foreign Markets, through the partial, not to say im- Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last politic Laws, in Favour of Irish Linens, to the Ex- Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising elusion of other Linens from our Market, and the " a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Depression of our own; In Russia there is now existing c* Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand

" Seven

Ways and Means.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

25 Geo. III. f Aprilis. 8rj

" Seven hundred and Eighty-four/’ and charged upon the First Aids to b£ granted in this Session of Parliament

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1786, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such ‘Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply graqted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million be raised, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the .5th Day of April 1786, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Butler, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Air. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Yeomanry, and other Land Owners residing in and near the Market Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having taken due Time maturely and dispassionately to consider the real Principles and natural Tendency of those Propositions now before the House, respecting the Commercial Regulations intended to be irrevocably established by them betwixt Great Britain and Ireland, are of Opinion, that, so far from being fair, open, candid, and equitable, that they are specious and delusive, by holding out to View Favours, that the Alovers of them canpot grant, and by flattering insinuations endeavouring to elicit and obtain from this Kingdom Favours which cannot be granted by her without materially injuring some of the most valuable Rights and Privileges of those several important and lucrative Alanufoctures, now so firmly established amongst us, and thereby greatly diminishing the Value of Landed Property; and that, by the late and present very flourishing State of those Manufactures, especially the Woollen and Cotton, Alultitudes of Strangers have been induced to settle amongst us, and, by such an Influx of People, the Prices of Provisions ^md Labour too have been advanced in a Proportion hardly known, or even to be credited, in most other Parts of this Kingdom, and that from the same Causes, the Poor Rates have been considerably ad-

Vol. 40.

vanced; but these burthens, heavy as they are, have hitherto been chearfully submitted to, under the Advantages resulting to the Landed Interest, by an increased and increasing Trade, but, should a neighbouring State enter into a spirited Competition with our Manufacturers in those Branches of Commerce, which there is the greatest Reason now to believe and expect, a State too in which both Provisions and Labour are comparatively so low, and in which Government Taxes are hardly known and felt, when this Kingdom is groaning and tottering under the heavy Burthen of them, the Consequence of such a Competition is so obvious as to require no Illustration; and the Petitioners, therefore, hope and trust, that they shall not be obliged to surrender any more of their just Rights and very valuable Immunities to the People of that Kingdom, without receiving some adequate Advantages in Return, and, such adequate Return, they conceive, cannot be expected from the Spirit or Tendency of the present Propositions, which hold out indeed the flattering artful Language of Equalization and the Shadow of Reciprocity, but without any rational Prospect of ever rendering to this Nation the Substance of either: Those memorable Words of Air.

Orde, " that Britain had removed all the Barriers which she had raised to protect her Trade; that her Monopolies are at an End, and that she is no longer secure of being the Emporium of Commerce," delivered in the Irish House of Commons, and delivered from such Authority too, have made a very deep and alarming Impression upon the Almds of the Petitioners, and given them some Reason to fear, that far more is meant by those Propositions than is expressed, and that we are about to sacrifice some very essential Advantages, in order to gratify the Ambition and aspiring Views of some of our restless Neighbours:

To this House, as to their Constitutional Sanctuary, the Petitioners, therefore, beg Leave to resort for Protection, confiding in the known Wisdom and Attention of its Members, that, if they see the Propositions in the same suspicious and dangerous Light as they appear to the Petitioners, they will not allow the same to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The Lord Midlcton, from the Select Committee, Leave of appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe- £bsel£e tition of the Honourable St. Andretv St. John, com- tioCor^c plaining of an undue Election and Return for the mittee. County of Bedford\ acquainted the House, That Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, One of the Alembers of the said Select Committee, is so much indisposed, as to be unable any longer to attend the said Committee.

And the House being informed that Air. John Devaynes, Apothecary, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, as to the present State of Mr. Rashleigh's Health; and informed the House, That Air. Rashleigh was very much indisposed, and that he apprehended it would be dangerous for him to attend any longer on the said Committee.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Scotch last Session of Parliament, intituled, fi An Act to Distillery. " discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of " the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirit for Home 9 X " Consumption,

814 7° — ®° 'dpriti*' 1785.

" Consumption, and for granting and securing the u due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and u for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption " as for Exportation; and for destroying all Home-<4 made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation " thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties u of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the " County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a " limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon " Rum and Spirits imported from the /Vest Indies" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of $0 much of the said Act as limits the Size of the Stills to be used in the Distillation of Corn Spirits, within the Highland Parishes, or Districts, of the Counties in the said Act mentioned. '

Wigton, &c. The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Election. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new Dst of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Peter Johnston and John Courtenay, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Dawes, Esquire, Sir Walter Rmolinson, Robert Shafto, Esquire, Paul Orchard\ Esquire, Francis Annesley, Esquire, Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, Sir William Molesworth, Baronet, Henry James Pye, Esquire, Charles Penruddocke, Esquire, Henry Thorntcn, Esquire, John Pardoe, Esquire, Thomas Steele, Esquire, Richard Gamon, Esquire, Peter Johnston, Esquire, John Courtenay, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Controverted Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Elections, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Wyndham Grenville, Mr. Frederick Montagu, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Commercial The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Intercourse whole House, to consider further of so much of His with Ireland. Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and examined a Witness, in Support of the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers and others resident in the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-7

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January fast, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8* die Aprilis;

Anno 25* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

MR. Frederick Montagu, from the Select Com- Elgin and mittee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Alexander Penrose Camming, of Altyre, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Freeholders of the Shire of Elgin and Forres, thereunto subscribing; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Shire, in- formed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable James Earl Fife, of the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire, of Elgin and Forres.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. IPilmot reported from the Committee, to whom Coventry the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty Poll Booth, of the City of Coventry, and of the several Persons &c*-whose Names are thereutfto subscribed, Electors of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry, was read; wherein it is enacted, That the Returning Officer should at all future Elections cause the Booth for holding the Election to be erected in the widest and most convenient Part of the open Market Place, called Cross Cheaping, not contiguous to any other Building. Then,

Mr. Edward Inge being examined, said, That the Sheriffs caused a very expensive Booth to be erected at the last Election, about a Moiety of the Expence whereof was repaid them by the successful Candidates, but the other Moiety hath not hitherto been reimbursed, although the Payment thereof has been frequently demanded; therefore it is expedient that there should bp a Law, declaring at whose Expence the Election Booth should be erected for the future. — And the Witness apprehended, that it would tend to prevent Riots if the Sheriffs were authorized to take the Poll by Tallies, agreeable to the Plan adopted at the last General Election, which they cannot do at present without Agreement of the Parties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Manner of taking the Poll at Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Coventry,9 and for reimbursing the Returning Officers the Expence of erecting Booths for that Purpose: And that Mr.

Wilmot and Sir Sampson Gideon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An

Wear ttiver and Sunder* kid Port.

Egleston

inclosure.

Abingdon

Navigation.

Staffordshire, dec. Canal.

25 Geo. III. 8° Jprilis, 811

N An ingrossed Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments followirtg were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 56. 1* 3. After " Provided to insert " ne*verthelessand after €t that" to insert " the same shall not extend to."

1. To leave out u may be," and insert " who shall lay" instead thereof.

1. 15. To leave out " he or they may," and insert " to any Owner, Master, or Mariner, of any Ship or " Vessel, who shall " instead there* of.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House 5 and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham. %

Ordered, That Mr. Tempest do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Egleston, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Certain Parts of the Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Egleston, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Tempest do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Freeholders of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Freeholders of the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending, for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, at some Place at or near Kcmpsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, ,will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of particular Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to permit the same to pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kemps ford, in the County of Gloucesta', be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in or near the- Town of Droit wick, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and

VpL. 40,

read; Setting forth, 'That a Petition has beeh presented to the House, by the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon their said Canal* without the Interposition of Commissioners; and the Petitioners apprehend, that if a Bill shall be passed according to the Prayer of the said Petition, the same will be a Means of reducing the Price of Coal, as well as the Carriage of Merchandize, which will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the r Table.

Sir George Augustus William Shuclcburgh reported Meriden from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing inclosure and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Meriden, in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was committed; That the Committee had examined* and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Biff, to the! Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in (hs Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wTith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the M&yor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty Trent and of the City of Coventry, as Trustees of Sir Thomas Mersey Whites Charity Estates in the City and County of the Canal-City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, the Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal are authorized to take to their own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage for all Coals conveyed upon their said Cut or Canal, such Rates and Duties as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coals; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their General Assembly, fix the Rates, Tolls, or Duties, to be fby them taken, by virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall be equal throughout the w'hole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are, by the said Act, impowered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, thereby granted, or so fixed at such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, shall be confined to any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take Place upon, the Whole, and every Part thereof; and that the said Coventry Canal is now completed as far as Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, being about Two Fifths of the whole Length thereof, and the Tonnage first fixed, and hitherto taken, for Coal navigated upon the said

Canal,

8 id 8° Aprilis. 1785.

Canal, hath been, and is, One Penny Halfpenny per Mersey Navigation, and of the ’Birmingham and Faze-Ton per Mile, and, the Warwickshire Coal Mines ex- ley Navigation, and also, the Proprietors of the said tend Twenty Miles along the Hanks and intended Oxford and Coventry Canal Navigations, will, under Course of the said Canal; and that, by an Act, passed such Agreement, be authorized to take One Third in the Ninth Year of the lteign of His present Ma- less Tonnage for Staffordshire Coal, navigated fromajesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, Birmingham to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part of from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, than is, by the Oxford, the Company of Proprietors of the said Oxford said recited Act, specified to be taken for Coals na-Canal are authorized to take to their own proper Use, vigated from the Warwickshire Collieries, upon the for Tonnage and Wharfage for all Coals conveyed same Canals, which will be highly injurious to the upon their said Cut or Canal, such Rates and Duties Estates of the Petitioners, and to the Public, unless as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not the House shall give Leave for a Clause to be in-exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every serted in the said Bill, that al| Coals, navigated upon Ton of Coal; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that all. or any Part of the said Coventry and Oxford Ca-the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, and nals, shall pass at one and the same Rate of Ton-Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the nage: And therefore praying, That such Clause may Rates, Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken by be inserted in the said Bill, for equalizing the Ton-virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or nage of all Coal, or that the Petitioners may be heard,

Duties, shall be equal throughout the whole Length by their Counsel, on their Petition, and may have of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprie- such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall tors are, by the said Act, impowered, pursuing the Di- appear just and reasonable.

rections of the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Ordered, That the said Petition be deferred to the Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, or so fixed, at Consideration of a Committee, to whom the Bill to such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of thereby granted, shall be confined to any particular Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said take Place upon, the Whole and every Part thereof; Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in and that the said Oxford Canal is now completed as the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, far as Banbury, in the County of Oxford, which is in and to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Length about Sixty-three Miles, and the Tonnage Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable first fixed, and hitherto taken, for Coal navigated Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, is committed; upon the said Oxford Canal, hath been, and still is, and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel,

One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile; and that a before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they Bill is now depending in the House to enable the think fit.

Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprie- Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at tors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and said Petition.

Mersey Navigation on Fradley Heath, in the County Ordered\ That all have Voices who come to the

of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Coven- Trent and from The Trent to 1'he Mersey, in which Bill is con- try, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- Mersey

tained a Clause for ratifying and confirming certain sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Caaal*

Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 29th Day of by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of October 1783, between the Trent and Mersey Canal His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigation Company of the First Part, the Coventry Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to com-

Canal Navigation Company of the Second Part, and municate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Staff

the Oxford Canal Navigation Company of the Third ford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Part, by which a certain Agreement, entered into at Trent and Mersey, the Company of Proprietors of the a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, said Coventry Canal are authorized to take, to their upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage, for all from the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Coals conveyed upon the said Cut, or Canal, such Oxford, Coventry, and the Trent and Mersey (therein Rates and Duties as the said Company of Proprietors called The Grand Ti'unk) Canal Navigations, and from should think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny certain Proprietors of, and Subscribers to, a then per Mile, for every Ton of Coals; and it is by the new-proposed Navigation, from the Collieries, in the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, Neighbourhood of IVcdnesbury to Birmingham, and their Successors and Assigns, should, at their First

from thence to join the Coventry Canal, in the Neigh- General Assembly, fix the Rates, Tolls, or Duties,

born hood of Fazeley, was made binding and con- to be by them taken, by virtue of the said Act, which elusive on the said Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk said Rates, Tolls* or Duties, should be equal through-Companies, respectively, by which Agreement it was out the whole Length of the said Canal; and the said understood and agreed, by such Delegates, on the Company of Proprietors are by the said Act impoiv-Part of their respective Companies, that the Tonnage ered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen to be taken for all Coals navigated from Biimungham the said Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, or throughout the intended Canal to Fazeley, and upon so fixed, at such General Assembly, as they should^ all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls,

Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per and Duties, thereby granted, should be confined to

Mile; and that the Petitioners, as Trustees of the any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but

said Charity, are possessed of very considerable Coal should extend to, and take Place upon, the Whole and Mines in the Parishes of Wyken, Sow, Fo/eshil/, and every Part thereof; and that the said Coventry Canal irs Exhall, in the County of the said City of Coventry, now completed as far as Atherstone, in the County of and lying contiguous to the Banks of the Coventry Wanviek, being about Two Fifth Parts of the whole and Oxford Canal Navigations, and, as the said Bill intended Length thereof, and the Tonnage fixed, and now stands, the Proprietors of the said 'Trait and hitherto taken, for Coals navigated on the said Canal,

25 Geo. III.

8°

817

hath been, and is, One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile; and that the Warwickshire Coal Mines extend Twenty Miles along the Banks, and intended Course of the said Canal, and the Petitioners have, at all Times, and in all Seasons, had a certain and plentiful Supply of Coals, both by Land and Water, at reasonable Rates, from the Warwickshire Collieries, at Hawkesbury, Bedworth, and Griff', all of which lie within Six Miles of the said City of Coventry; and that a Bill is now depending in the House for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act, in which Bill is contained a Clause for ratifying and confirming certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 29th Day of October 1783, between the Trent and Mersey Navigation Company, and the Coventry Navigation Company, by which a certain Agreement, entered into at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Canal Navigations, and from certain Proprietors of, and Subscribers to, a then new-proposed Navigation, from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal, in the Neighbourhood of Fazeley, was made binding and conclusive on the said Coventry and Trunk Companies respectively; by which Agreement it was understood, and agreed by such Delegates, on the Parts of their respective Companies, that the Tonnage to be taken for all Coals navigated from Birmingham throughout the intended Canal, to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile; and that, as the said Bill now stands, the Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal Navigation will, under such Agreement, be authorized to take One Third less Tonnage for Staffordshire Coals navigated from Birmingham to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part of the said Coventry Canal, than is by the said Act specified to be taken for Coals.navigated from the Warwickshire Collieries upon the same Canal, which the Petitioners conceive will be very injurious to the said City and its Neighbourhood, in as much as such partial Tonnage will operate to shut up the Warwickshire Collieries, and exclude those Coals from Market, and the Petitioners must, in such Case, depend solely on the Wednesbury Collieries, which are Fifty Miles from Coventry, for a Supply of Coals, which they cannot possibly obtain from thence in sufficient Quantities in hard Frosts; and that the Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, and its Neighbourhood, will be deprived of the Benefit resulting from many Thousand Pounds a Year now circulating in Specie amongst them, in Consequence of working the Warwickshire Collieries, to the great Advantage and Encouragement of the Manufactures of the said City, unless the House shall give Leave for a Clause to be inserted in the said Bill, that all Coals navigated upon the said Coventry Canal, or any Part thereof, shall pass at one and the same Rate of Tonnage: And therefore praying, That such Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for equalizing the Tonnage of all Coals, so that the Tonnage, as well for Coals passing on the said Coventry and Oxford Canals from the Warwickshire Collieries, as for Coals passing on the said Canals from the Wednesbury, or any other Collieries, may be equal, and not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile, as proposed by the said recited Agreement, made at Coleshill, with respect to the Wednesbury Collieries, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall appear just. and reasonable.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Nuneaton, in the County of Wai'wick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

Yol. 40.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Bed- Trent &n4 worth, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are Mcray thereunto subscribed: And also, CaDa *

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Pokmorths in the County of Wanvkk} whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were likewise severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, the Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal are authorized to take, to their own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage of all Coal conveyed upon their Cut or Canal, such Rates,

Tolls, and Duties, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coal; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates, Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken by virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall be equal throughout the whole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are by the said Act impowered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted or so fixed at such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, shall be confined to any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take Place upon, the Whole, and every Part thereof; and that the said Coventry Canal is now completed as far as Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, being about Two Fifths of the whole Length thereof, and the Tonnage first fixed and hitherto taken for Coal navigated on the said Canal hath been, and now is, One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, and, the Warwickshire Coal Mines extend Twenty Miles along the Banks and intended Course of the said Canal; and that, by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, the Company of Proprietors of the said Oxford Canal are authorized to take, to their own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage of all Coal conveyed upon the said Cut or Canal, such Rates and Duties as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of ' Coal; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that

the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates, Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken by virtue of the said Act,

Which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall be equal throughout the whole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are by the said Act impowered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, thereby granted, or so fixed at such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, or Duties, thereby granted, shall be confined to any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take 9 Y Place

813 8* Aprilis. A. 1785.

Trent And % Place upon, the Whole, and every Part thereof* of; and that the said Oxford Canal is now

aim completed as far as Banbury, in the County of

Oxford, which is in Length about Sixty-three Miles, and the Tonnage first fixed and hitherto taken for Coal navigated upon the said Oxford Canal hath been, and still is, One Penny Halfpenny p&' Ton per Mile; and that the Petitioners have, at all Times, had a certain and plentiful Supply of Coal, at a reasonable Rate, from the Collieries within the Parishes of Nuneaton, Bedworth, and Polesworth, which Collieries give Employment to many Hundred poor Colliers, and are the actual Support of them and their Families; and that a Bill is now depending in the House, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, in which Bill is contained a Clause for ratifying and confirming certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 29th Day of October 1783, between the Trent and Mersey Canal Navigation Company of the First Part, the Coventry Canal Navigation Company of the Second Part, and the Oxford Canal Navigation Company of the Third Part, by which a certain Agreement, entered into at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Oxford, Coventry, and, the Trent and Mersey (therein called The Grand Trunk) Canal Navigations, and from certain Proprietors of, and Subscribers to, a then new'-proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal in the Neighbourhood of Fazeley, was made binding and conclusive on the said Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Companies respectively, by which Agreement it was understood, and agreed by such Delegates, on the Part of their respective Companies, that the Tonnage to be taken , for all Coal navigated from Birmingham, throughout the intended Canal, to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile; and that, as the said Bill now stands, the Proprietors of the said Coventry and Oxford Canal Navigations will, under such Agreement, be authorized to take One Third less Tonnage for Staffordshire Coal navigated from Birmingham to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part of the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, than is by the said Acts specified to be taken for Coal navigated from the Warwickshire Collieries upon the same Canals, which, the Petitioners conceive, will be very injurious to the Towns and Neighbourhood of Nuneaton, Bedworth, and Polesworth, inasmuch as such partial Tonnage, in Favour of Staffordshire Coal, will operate to shut up the Warwickshire Collieries, and the Petitioners must, in such Case, although living on or near the Banks, and in the Midst of Collieries, depend on the Wednesbury Coal Mines, which are at a great Distance, for a Supply of Coal, and the Colliers now employed in working the Mines within the said Parishes will be destitute of Employment, and many Tradesmen will be deprived of a Subsistence! unless the House

shall give Leave for a Clause to be inserted in the said Bill, that all Coals navigated upon the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, or any Part thereof, shall pass at one and the same Rate of Tonnage: And therefore praying, That such Clause may be inserted in the said Bill for equalizing the Tonnage of all Coal, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Bitmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, is committed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of James BritisB Stuart, of Thames Street, London, Merchant, on Behalf Fishene^ of divers Persons residing in Scotland, who are Curers of Fish, particularly of Red Herrings and Tusk Fish, and who are, or may be, desirous of exporting the same into Foreign Parts, which was presented to the House upon the Eighth Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

Mr. Call reported from the Committee, to whom Viscount the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Falmout) to enable the Right honourable George Evelyn Viscount ^ute* Falmouth, and others, and the Guardians of their Issue Male, to make Leases of the Estates in Cornwall, devised by the Will of Hugh late Viscount Falmouth, deceased, and also to grant Sets and Leases of the Mines thereiu, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Call do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the' same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according Saint to Order, a Bill for better watching, lighting, and CatUe cleansing, such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catherine, near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in the Provisions of certain Acts, passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; andl read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according tQ Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

Qn$.

Supply Bill;

Exchequer

Bill*.

Adjourn-

ment.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Trent and

Mersey

Canal.

2 5 Geo. III. 8° Apr ilk. 8 id

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Ashton Underline, in the County of Lan-cast€7\ interested in the Welfare and Prosperity of this Kingdom, and of the Manufactories of the said Town and Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having duly considered the Irish Propositions, now before this House, they cannot help being truly chagrined to see the Preference given thereby to Irish Commerce and Manufactures. The First Proposition is extreme*-Iy specious, and holds forth apparent Equality and Reciprocity; but they conceive, that Ireland, not having contributed a proper Quota towards the general Exigencies of the Empire, she cannot, in Justice, expect a Participation of all its Advantages; And representing to the House, That, in the Petitioners Opinion, Ireland has already experienced the greatest Cordiality and Beneficence from the British Parliament, and of which she has been scf sensible that Addresses expressive of her Gratitude have abounded from all Parts of that Kingdom: The Petitioners do not complain of what has been done; but to confirm these Propositions would, they conceive, not only put the Commerce and Manufactures of Ireland on a better Footing than those of this Kingdom, but also be a certain Means of encouraging Emigrations; for what Manufacturer will stay here to be harassed with almost unbounded Taxes, and, what is still worse, their Liberty and Property fettered and embarrassed by vexatious Excise Laws, when they can go to Ireland, with their Workmen, and manufacture Goods without those Restraints, and send them afterwards to the British Market ? And therefore praying, That the House will adopt such Measures as to prevent these Propositions becoming a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as-relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors, or Lessees, of very considerable Coal Mines, in the Parishes of Wyken, Sow, Foleshill, and Exall, in the County of the City of Coventry, and of Bed-worth, Chilvers Coton, Nuneaton, Anslcy, Mancetter, Baddesley, Ensor, Grendort, Polesworth, and Tamwortfi, to the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to commmiicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, the Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Vo l. 40,

Canal are authorized to take, to their own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage, for all Coals conveyed upon their said Cut or Canal, such Rates and Duties as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coal; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates, Tolls, or Duties* to be bjr them taken, by virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall be equal throughout the whole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are, by the said Act, impowered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Tolls, or Duties thereby granted, or so fixed at such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, shall be confined to any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to,' and take Place upon, the Whole and every Part thereof; and that the said Coventry Canal is now completed as far as Atha'stone, in the County of Wamiick, being about Two-fifths of the Whole intended Length thereof* and the Tonnage first fixed, and hitherto taken, for Coal navigated upon the said Canal, hath been, and is, One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, and, the Warwickshire Coal Mines extend Twenty Miles along the Banks and intended Course of the said Canal; and that, by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, the Company of Proprietors of the said Oxford Canal are authorized to take, to their own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage for all Coals conveyed upon their said Cut or Canal, such Rates and Duties as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny/ter Mile for every Ton of Coal; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates, Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken, by virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall be equal throughout the whole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are, by the said Act, impowered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted, or so fixed at such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, shall be confined to* any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take Place upon, the Whole, and every Part thereof; and that the said Oxford Canal is now completed as far as Banbury, in the County of Oxford, which is in Length about Sixty-three Miles, and the Tonnage first fixed, and hitherto taken, for Coal navigated upon the said Oxford Canal, hath been, and still is, One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile; and that a Bill is now depending in the House, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Faztley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mei'scy Navigation on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford\ to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, ih which Bill is contained a Clause for ratifying and confirming certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 29th Day of Octokr 1783, between the Trent and Mersey Canal Navigation Company of the First Part, the Coventry Canal Navigation Company of the Second Part, and the Oxford Canal Navigation Company of the Third Part,*


Trent and

Mersey

Canal.

820 %°Aprilis'. A 1785.

by which a certain Agreement entered into at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates, from the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Oxford, Coventry, and the Trent and Mersey (therein called The Grand Trunk) Canal Navigations, and from certain Proprietors of, and Subscribers to, a then new-proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal in the Neighbourhood of Fazeley, was made binding and conclusive on the said Oxford\ Coventry, and Grand Trunk Companies respectively, by which Agreement it was understood and agreed, by such Delegates, on the Part of their respective Companies, that the Tonnage to be taken for all Coals navigated from Birmingham throughout the intended Canal to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile; and that many of the Petitioners have been at great Expence in opening and working considerable Coal Mines, by which the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country which lies on the Line of the Oxford and Coventry Canal Navigations, have been hitherto almost wholly supplied with Coals at reasonable Rates, and, as the said Bill now stands, the Proprietors of the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, and of the Birmingham and Fazeley Navigation, and also the Proprietors of the said Oxford and Coventry Canal Navigations, will, under such Agreement, be authorized to take One Third less Tonnage for Staffordshire Coal navigated from Birmingham to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part of the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, than is, by the said recited Acts, specified to be taken for Coal navi-

SLted from the Warwickshire Collieries upon the same anals, which will be highly injurious to the Estates of the Petitioners, and to the Public, unless the House shall give Leave for a Clause to be inserted in the said Bill, that all Coals, navigated upon all or any Part of the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, shall pass at one and the same Rate of Tonnage: And therefore praying, That such Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for equalizing the Tonnage of all Coal, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, on their Petition, and may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, the Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal are authorized to take, to their own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage for all Coals conveyed upon their said Cut or Canal, such Rates, Tolls, and Duties, as the said Company of Proprietors shah7 think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coals; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates, Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken, by virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall be equal throughout the whole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are by the said Act impowered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted, or so fixed at such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby

granted, shall be confined to arty particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take Place upon, the Whole and every Part thereof; and that the said Coventry Canal is now completed as far as At herstone, in the County of Warwick, being about Two-fifths of the whole Length thereof, and the Tonnage first fixed, and hitherto taken, for Coal navigated on the said Canal, hath been, and now is, One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, and the Warwickshire Coal Mines extend Twenty Miles along the Banks and intended Course of the said Canal; and that by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, the Company of Proprietors of the said Oxford Canal are authorized to take to their own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage, for all Coal conveyed upon the said Cut or Canal, such Rates, Tolls, and Duties, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coal; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates, Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken by virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall be equal throughout the whole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are, by the said Act, impowered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen the said Hates, Tolls, or Duties, thereby granted, or so fixed at such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, shall be confined to any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take Place upon, the Whole and every Part thereof; and that the said Oxford Canal is now completed as far as Banbury, in the County of Oxford, which is in Length about Sixty-three Miles, and the Tonnage first fixed, and hitherto taken, for Coal navigated upon the said Oxford Canal, hath been, and still is, One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile; and that the Petitioners have hitherto had a certain and plentiful Supply of Coal in hard Frosts by Land Carriage from the Warwickshire Collieries; and that a Bill is now depending in the House, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Tk Trent to- The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, in which Bill is contained a Clause for ratifying and confirming certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 29th Day of October 1783, between the Trent and Mersey Canal Navigation of the First Part, the Coventry Canal Navigation Company of the Second Part, and the Oxford Canal Navigation Company of the Third Part, by which a certain Agreement entered into at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain^ Delegates from the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Oxford, Coventry, and The Trent and Mersey (therein called The Grand Trunk) Canal Navigations, and from certain Proprietors of, and Subscribers to, a then new-proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal in the Neighbourhood of Fazeley, wa§ made binding and conclusive on the said Oxford, Coventry, and Grad Trunk Companies respectively, by which Agreement it was understood and agreed, by such Delegates on

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

a5 Geo. III.

821

the Part of their respective Companies, that the Tonnage to be taken for all Coal navigated from Uzr-mingham, throughout the intended Canal, to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part, or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile; and that, as the said Bill now stands, the Proprietors of the said Coventry and Oxford Canal Navigations will, under such Agreement, be authorized to take One Third less Tonnage for Staffordshire Coal navigated from Birmingham to Faze-ley, and upon all or any Part of the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, than is by the said Act specified to be taken for Coal navigated from the Warwickshire Collieries, upon the same Canals, which the Petitioners conceive will be very injurious to the said Towm and Neighbourhood of Dunchurch, inasmuch as such partial Tonnage, in Favour of Staffordshire Coal, will operate to shut up the Warwickshire Collieries, and the Petitioners will, in such Case, from their great Distance from the Staffordshire Colleries, be deprived of the Possibility of having a sufficient Supply of Coal Fuel by Land Carriage in hard Frosts, unless the House shall give Leave for a Clause to be inserted in the said Bill, that all Coal navigated upon the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, or any Part thereof, shall pass at one and the same Rate of Tonnage: And therefore praying, That such Clause may be. inserted in the said Bill, for equalizing the Tonnage of all Coal, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from , The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, is committed; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said first-mentioned Petition.

A Petition of the Operative Weavers in the Villages of Govan and Particle, and their Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen, with the deepest Concern, certain Resolutions relative to a Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, transmitted from the House of Commons of Ireland, and presently under the Consideration of the Parliament of Britain 1 and that the Petitioners consider these Resolutions as destructive and ruinous to the Trade and Manufacture of this Country, and, if these Resolutions are passed into a Law, the Irish, from the many Advantages of Situation and Circumstances, will be able to undersell the Manufacturers in this Place in their own Market, as well as in every other, their Trade, by which the Petitioners have hitherto been supported, will be utterly ruined, and the Petitioners reduced to Penury and Want: And therefore praying, That the House will not pass the Resolutions above-mentioned into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much Vol. AO.

of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Inters course between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Commercial others, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton, ^^ire^and in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners see, with Regret, the alarming Tendency of the Irish Propositions :< When first they were introduced into the House, they conceived them only as the Outlines of a Plan subject to such Alterations as the House should think proper, but, to their great Astonishment, they now learn the Whole must stand or fall together; and that the Petitioners having thoroughly considered their dangerous Consequences to the Landed, Commercial, and Manufacturing Interests of this Kingdom, conceive they should be wanting in their ✓ Duty as good Citizens to the present Age (as well as to Posterity) if they suffered the same to pass unnoticed: Ireland already possesses great Commercial Advantages; she has lately (with great Reason) acknowledged the abundant Liberality of this Kingdom; but these Propositions, the Petitioners presume, if passed into a Law, must ultimately operate to the Destruction of the Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the House will prevent the same becoming a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the^ 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Scotch to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Distillery, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the " Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home " Consumption, and for granting and securing the " due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and " for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption " as for Exportation; and for destroying all Homemade and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation " thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties " of Excise within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the " County of Inverness; and for discontinuing for a " limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon " Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies," as limits the Size of the Stills to be used in the Distillation of Corn Spirits, within the Highland Parishes, or Districts of the Counties in the said Act mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

General Murray took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

General Murray reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Whitby, See,

° 9 z Act Road-

la

Newnham’s

Estates.

Scotland — Trade in Rice, Indigo, &c.

Bancroft’s Dying Discovery.

TregODy

Election.

822 8° Apr Ms. 1785.

Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Barter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Mortgage made by John Newnham, Esquire, of part of his settled Estates in Sussex, pursuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, and for euabling him to make a farther Mortgage of his settled Estates, according to such Decree, and for discharging both Incumbrances with the Produce of his Estates, vested in Trustees, to be sold; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And a Motion being made, That the Lord Viscount Lewisham have Leave to withdraw the said Petition, so far as the same purports to be the Petition of him the said Lord Viscount Lewisham;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mem to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Tobacco, Rice, Indigo, Rum, and Sugar, into and from Scotland, for the Two Years ending at Christmas 1764, and Christmas 1783, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon; and distinguishing the Produce of the Duties imposed since 1764: And also,

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Tobacco, Rice, Indigo, Rum, and Sugar, into and from Scotland, for the Year ending at Christmas 1784, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon; and distinguishing the Produce of the Duties imposed since 1764.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.1

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 21st Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Bancroft, now of Villiers Street, York Buildings, in the County of Middlesex, Doctor in Physic, and Fellow of the Royal Society, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly; .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying, staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours, throughout His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Eden, the Lord Beauchamp, and Mr. Greville, do prepare) and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that the Right honourable George Legge, commonly called Lord Viscount Lewisham, who, together with John Bettesworth, Esquire, has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Berough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, was desirous to w ithdraw the said Petition, so far as the same purports to be the Petition of him the said Lord Viscount Lew isha m;

The House was moved, That the said Petition might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Mr. Courtenay, from the Select Committee, appointed WigM? to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Wigton, Whithorn, New Galloway, and Stranrawer, acquainted the House, That Sir William Molesworth, Baronet, One of the Menribers of the said Select Committee, is so much indisposed, as to be unable any longer to attend the said Committee.

And the House being informed that Mr. John Pratt Huitson, Surgeon and Apothecary, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined, upon Oath, as to the present State of Sir William Molcsicortlis Health; and informed the House, That Sir William Molesworth was taken very ill with a Fever, and that he apprehended it would be extremely dangerous for him to go abroad.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Sir William Molesworth, Baronet, have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Cotton to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tra(3e-to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton,

Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those To wns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, to observe upon the Evidence given in Support of the said Petition; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Trent d Coventry Canal Navigation Company, created by an Act^ made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s c Reign, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors of Shares in the said Company, was presented to the House, and 1 read;

a5 Geo. III. 8 Apri 823

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners* and others, did, upon the Faith of the said Act, become Members of the said Company, and have laid out large sums of Money, either by originally subscribing to the Undertaking contained in the said Act, or by purchasing Shares subsequent to the passing thereof* and a considerable, and the more expensive Part of the said Undertaking hath been completed; and that the Petitioners have perused a Bill, brought into the House, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazelcy, to make a Navigable Canal, from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, by which Bill, the Petitioners find, that, under the supposed Sanction of an Agreement, therein stated to be made so far back as the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the said Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and from the said Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, and also, from certain Subscribers to a new-proposed Navigation, as therein mentioned, and stated to be confirmed on the 29th of October 1783, One Half Part, or thereabouts, of the intended Coventry Canal, lying between Fazeley aforesaid, and The Trent and Mersey Canal, at Fradley Heath, is proposed to be taken out of the Hands of the Company of Proprietors, of which the Petitioners, and others, are Members, and to be vested in the said Company of Proprietors of The Trent and Mersey Navigation; and, the Petitioners apprehend, that the vesting of the said Part of the Coventry Canal in the Proprietors of the said Trent and Mersey Navigation will materially affect and injure the Petitioners, and other Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal Company; and that the said Agreement was entered into contrary to the Consent and Approbation of many of the Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal Company, and the Petitioners trust in the Justice and Equity of the House, that they shall not, from such Agreement, though confirmed under the Common Seal of the said Company, be obliged to relinquish the said Part of the Coventry Canal, so proposed to be given up, contrary to their Consent, and contrary to the Plan of Navigation stated in the said Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, under the Faith of which the Petitioners, and many others, risqued their Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, or such Parts thereof as they apprehend will affect their Interest and Property.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Banbury, in the County of Orfwd, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, the Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal are authorized to take for their own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage, far all Coal conveyed upon their said Cut or Canal, such Rates, Tolls, and Duties, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coal; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates, Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken, by virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall be equal throughout the whole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are by the said Act impowered, pursuing the Directions of V o l. 40.

the said Act, to, lessen the said Rafts, Tolls, and Du- Trent and ties, thereby granted, or so fixed, at such General Mersey Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no lie- Canal-duction of the Rates, Tolls, or Duties, thereby granted, shall be confined to any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take place upon, the Whole and every Part thereof; and that the said Coventry Canal is now completed as far as Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, being about Two-Fifths of the whole intended Length thereof and the Tonnage first fixed, and hitherto taken, for Coals navigated on the said Canal, hath been, and now is, One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, and the Warwickshire Coal Mines extend Twenty Miles along the Banks and intended Course of the said Canal; and that, by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, the Company of Proprietors of the said Oxford Canal are authorized to take, to their own proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage for all Coals conveyed upon their said Cut, or Canal, such Rates and Duties as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coal; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates,

Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken, by virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall be equal throughout the wfiole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are by the said Act impowered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, thereby granted, or so fixed, at such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, shall be confined to any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take place upon, the Whole and every Part thereof; and that the said Oxford Canal is pow? completed as far as Banbury, in the County of Oxford, which is in Length about Sixty-three Miles, and the Tonnage first fixed, and hitherto taken, for Coal navigated upon the said Oxford Canal, hath been, and still is, One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile; and that a Bill is now depend* ing in the House, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, in which Bill is contained a Clause for ratifying and confirming certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 29th Day of October 1783, between the Trent and Mersey Canal Navigation Company of the First Part, the Coventry Canal Navigation Company of the Second Part, and the Oxford Canal Navigation Company of the Third Part, by which a Certain Agreement, entered into at a Meeting, held at Coleshill, in the County of Wai'wick, upon the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Oxford, Coventry, and the Trent and Mersey (therein called The Grand Tmpik) Canal Navigations, and from certain Proprietors of, and Subscribers to, a then new-proposed Navigation, from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of fVednesbury, to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal, in the Neighbourhood of Fazeley, was made binding and conclusive on the said Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Companies, respectively, by which Agreement it was understood and agreed, by such JD.eUgetes, on the Part

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

824 8° — n° 1785.

of their respective Companies, that the Tonnage to be taken for all Coals navigated from Birmingham, throughout the intended Canal, to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Mile; and that, as the said Bill now stands, the Proprietors of the said Cooentiy and Oxford Canal Navigations will, under such Agreement, be authorized to take One Third less Tonnage for Staffordshire Coal navigated from Birmingham to Fazeley, and upon all or any Part of the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, than is, by the said Act, specified to be taken for Coal navigated from the Warwickshire Collieries upon the same Canals, which the Petitioners conceive will be injurious to the said Town and Neighbourhood of Banbury, in as much as such partial Tonnage, in Favour of Staffordshire Coal, will operate to shut up the Warwickshire Collieries, to reduce the Quantity of Coal brought to the Market of the Petitioners, add to render their Supply of Coal by the Canal more uncertain and precarious, by placing their Dependance for such Supply on the Staffordshire Collieries only, which lie upwards of Forty Miles beyond the Wai'wickshire Coal Mines, as Hawkesbury, Bedworth, and Griff (from whence the Petitioners are now almost wholly supplied) unless the House shall give'Leave for a Clause to be inserted in the said Bill, that all Coal navigated upon the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, or any Part thereof, shall pass at one and the same Rate of Tonnage: And therefore praying, That such Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for equalizing the Tonnage of all Coal, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley,. in the said* County; and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, is committed; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said first-mentioned Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are duly sensible that it is of the utmost Importance that this Kingdom and Ireland should be united upon such Principles of Reciprocity and mutual Advantage as will equally conduce to the Welfare of both Countries; and that in settling a Matter of so great Moment, it should now be effected in such an equitable and permanent Manner, as to put an effectual Stop to any future Claims on the Part of Ireland on the one Hand, and that Great Britain on the other should not make any Concessions that she may be under the Necessity of retracting hereafter, and thereby endanger that Harmony and good Understanding so essential to the Interests of both; and that the Petitioners are fully convinced, both from the Evidence adduced at the Bar of the

House, and their own Knowledge, that the Propositions which have passed through the Irish Parliament, if admitted here in their present Extent, will not have these desired good Effects, but, on the contrary, will give superior Advantages to the Merchants and Manufacturers of Ireland, the certain Consequences of which will be a Decline in our Trade, in the Value of Lands, in Population, and in every Circumstance which constitutes the Prosperity of a Nation: And therefore praying, That the final Settlement of the proposed Commercial Regulations may be on such Principles as shall not give a decided Superiority to either Country in any Branch of Commerce.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufac- suinb, turers, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- &c.Cal scribed, of the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House, by the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon their said Canal, without the Interposition of Commissioners; and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if a Bill shall be passed according to the Prayer of the said Petition, the same will be a Means of reducing the Price of Coal, as well as the Carriage of Merchandize, which will be of great public Utility:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 110 die Aprilis; $ir*

Anno 250 Georgii III. Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Fitzherbert do make the Ann Report fro in the Commmittee, to whom the Bill for ^ata amending and improving the Navigation of the River Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County, and for continuing and extending the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Wharf, called Pallmham Wharf to a certain Bridge, called Newbridge, situate in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex, was committed.

Mr. Fitzherbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Inhabitants of Pulborough West Chib tington, Stopham, Hardham, Fittleworth, Petworth, and the adjacent Parishes, in the County of Sussex, referred to their Consideration; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

25 Geo. III. 11° Apr825

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally ppt thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

idel Ordered\ That Mr, Fitzherbert do make the Report

tion, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was referred.

Mr. Fitzherbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the , Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry Digance being examined, said, That the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Arundel, are very ill paved, cleansed, and lighted, and are subject to various Obstructions and Annoyances; and that it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and all Persons resorting thereto, if the same were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and all Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein removed, and prevented for the future.

And the Witness added, That it is proposed, That the Foot Paths within the said Borough should be paved at the Expence of the Proprietors of Houses, or Persons having beneficial Leases, of which Seven Years are unexpired; and that it is only intended to borrow Money, by Annuities, for the Repair of the Coach and Waggon Ways within the said Borough, which Annuities are to be raised by a General Rate upon the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Fitzherbert, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Thomas Pelham, and Mr. Richard Beckford, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

gdon A Petition of the Commissioners of the Upper or gation. Sixth District of the Navigation of the River Thames and Isis; viz. from the City of Oxford to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, to or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, which Canal will be a Diversion not only of the ancient and natural Course of Navigation from Leachlade to Abingdon, by the River Isis, but of the Trade and Business carried on by the said Navigation, and will, in its Consequences, be very injurious to the Whole of the Navigation throughout the Extent of the said Rivers Thames and Isis: and that an Act passed, in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to improve and complete the Navigation of the said Rivers from London to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, and the said River Thames has been considerably improved and amended from London to Mapplcdurham, in the County of Oxford, and, wThen the Improvements are carried throughout the remaining Course of the said Rivers Thames and Isis, agreeably to the Intention of that Act, the said Navigation from Leachdak to Abingdon will, in the Opinion of able and experienced Surveyors, be rendered safe, cheap, and easy, by the Expenditure of a Sum of Money considerably^less than the Expence of making and completing such Navigable Vo L. 40.

Canal; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Improvements and Completion of the Navigation of the said Rivers will be a Work of much greater Utility than the making and completing such Canal: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Opposition to the said Canal.

A Petition of several of the Land Owners and Oc- Abingdon cupiers of Land, in the Counties of Berks and Oxford, Navigation, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending for Powers to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, to or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, which Canal will be a Diversion of the ancient and natural Course of Navigation from Leachlade to Abingdon, by the River Isis; and that an Act passed, in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to improve and complete the Navigation of the Rivers

Thames and Isis from London to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, and the said River Thames has been considerably improved and amended from London to Map-pledurham, in the County of Oxford, and, when the Improvements and Amendments shall be carried throughout the remaining Course of the said Rivers Thames and Isis, agreeably to the Intention of that Act, the said Navigation from Leachlade to Abingdon will, in the Opinion of able and experienced Surveyors, be rendered safe, cheap, and easy, by the Expenditure of a Sum of Money considerably less than the Expence of making and completing such Navigable Canal; and that, if the said Canal is permitted to be made, the Navigation of the said River between Abingdon and Cricklade will, in a few Years, be ren-? dered extremely difficult for Want of Use, and, in Time, the River will be choaked up in many Parts, and the circumjacent Lands, which are, at present, very fertile, and of great Value, and many of them belonging to the Petitioners, will, of course, become considerably more liable to be overflowed than at present, and, for Want of Currents to carry off the Water, the whole Low Country will soon become a perfect Marsh, or Fen, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants near the said Rivers; and that the said Canal, if suffered to take Place, will, in its Course, pass through and intersect the Estates and Lands of many of the Petitioners, and thereby the same will be very much injured and reduced in their Value; and, the Petitioners hope, that such great and manifest Losses and Inconveniences will not be imposed upon them, unless some important National or Public Advantage is likely to result from the said Canal, which they conceive is not the Case, as the present Navigation along the Isis, especially when improved and amended, will be sufficient for the Conveyance of all Merchandize and Goods between Leachlade and Abingdon, and will answer every public as well as private Occasion to which the said Canal can be applied: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Opposition to the said Bill. *

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the University and City of Oxford, and of other Persons resident near the River Isis, between Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, and Abingdon, in the County of Berks, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending for Powers to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, to or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, which Canal will be a Diversion of thfc 10 A ancient

ir°

is.

A. 17815.

Abingdon ajiciertt Caufse6t Navigation from Leachlade to Abing-Navigation. an(j y^ij^ In process of Time, deprive the Petitioners, and other Persons, of the Benefits of a Navigation by the River Isis, which their natural Situation entitles them to, and which they have enjoyed for many Years; and that, if the said Canal is permitted to be made, the River Isis will, in many Parts, soon become choaked up, by not being more used, which will occasion the adjoining rich Meadow Lands to be more liable to be overflowed, and, for want of Currents to carry away the Water, the Floods will continue a long Time, and not only injure the Fertility of the Lands, and make the Articles of their Produce more scarce and dear, but render the Country bordering on the said Isis extremely damp and unwholesome; and that the Navigation of the Rivers 'Thames and Isis has Jjeert already considerably improved in the lower Districts, between London and Mt/ppledurham, in the County of Oxford, and the Petitioners have Reason to believe the said Rivers will soon be amended and improved throughout the whole Churse thereof and, when done, the Navigation upon the samp will be safe and easy, and Goods and Merchandize will be Conveyed as cheap, or cheaper, thereby, than by the said proposed Canal: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Chunsel, in Opposition to the said

mi

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of O.iford, was likewise presented to the . House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, piade in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, certain Commissioners were impowered to make the River Thames navigable from the City of Odford to the Village of Bercot, in the County of Oxford, and, in consequence thereof, the said River was, at a great Expence, made Navigable from Bercot to Oxford, ahd, by the Expenditure of several other Sums, at different Times since, the said Navigation is how rendered safe, easy, and expeditious; and that the upper Part of the said River, viz. from Oxford to Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, has for many Years past been, and still continues to be, Navigable, and, as the Petitioners believe, may be so effectually improved and amended, as to render the whole Navigation within that District complete and certain, at a hioderate Expence; and, the Petitioners apprehend, that Powers have been already granted by Parliament for effecting the same; and that the Petitioners have been informed, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Leachlade aforesaid, to the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and that a Survey hath been taken, describing the Line of the said intended Canal, which, if pursued, will be a Diversion of the ancient Navigation by the Rivers Thames and Isis, and will deprive the Petitioners of the Benefits of a Navigation which their natural Situation entitles them to and which they have enjoyed for many Years, and will consequently be productive of great Losses and Inconveniences to them* and the other Inhabitants of the said City and University of Oxford; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, by such Diversion of the Navigation, the Channel of the said River will be neglected, and in Process of Time becbme choaked up, whereby the Lands bordering thereon will become marshy, and unwholesome to the Inhabitants of the said University and City, and the Country adjacent: And therefore praying the House t6 itake the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Opposition to the said Canal.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to

lie upon the Table, until the Bffl for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River names or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Setem Canal, in the Parish of Kmpsford, in the County of Gloucester, be read,a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if the^ think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same lime, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, Trades- Abiogfo men, and Inhabitants of the Town of JVitney, in the Nav^ County of Oxford, and Parts adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Freeholders of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read, Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Secern Canal, at some Place at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of particular Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to permit the same to pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the . Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berb, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Traders, c«i and others, of the City of Glasgow, was presented to Interame the House, and read; Setting forth, That the earnest Wish of the Petitioners is to see every Part of the British Empire firmly united by a fair and equitable System of Commerce and Interchange of Manufactures; but, from the most attentive Consideration of the late Resolutions of the Parliament of Ireland, they are fully convinced, that, if these Resolutions are passed into a Law, they will be so far from being conducive to the great and desirable End of establishing a firm and lasting Union, on Principles of mutual Advantage, that they will prove highly injurious to many of the Manufactures of this Country, and be a perpetual Source of Jealousy and Dissension between the Two Nations; and that it appeal’s to the Petitioners, that no System can be equal and permanent which does not comprehend an equal Share of Burthens as well as Advantages; and as, by these Resolutions, the principal Articles of Ireland are allowed to be imported into this Country Duty-free, while the Manufactures of this Country are to be for ever loaded with Duties on Importation to Ireland, and that the Duties on the Importation of many Foreign Articles are not proposed to be equalized, these and other Circumstances must give to the Kingdom of Ireland superior Advantages to what are enjoyed by the Manufacturers of this Kingdom, without subjecting them to the Burthens with which they are loaded, and therefore threaten a fatal Blow to the Trade and Manufactures, and consequently to the Landed Interests, of this Country: And therefore praying, That these Resolutions, in their present Form, may not

25 Geo. III. 11° Ap827

pass into a Law, but that the further Consideration of therri may be delayed until next Session of Parliament, in order that the House may be fully acquainted with the destructive Consequences that are likely to attend them, and may, from an accurate Investigation of the Trade and Manufactures of both ' Countries, form a System calculated to promote the general Good of both Nations, and to prove the Foundation of a lasting and unalterable Union and Friendship between the Two Countries.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates, to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

jgdoB A Petition of the Master and Governors of the

igation. Hospital of Christ, of Abingdon, in the County of Berksr was, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Petition is presented to the House for Leave to bring In a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from some Place near Abingdon aforesaid, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal in or near the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester; and that the Petitioners are intrusted with the "Management of considerable Estates, given to Charitable Uses, situated in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, and in Sutton, Wick, and Marcham, in the County of Berks, through some Parts of which Estates the said Navigable Canal is intended to pass, and they apprehend the said Navigable Canal will be beneficial to the Estates intrusted to their Care, increase the Trade of the Town of Abingdon, and make it a better Market for the Sale of the Com which is produced in the very fertile Corn Country adjoining, and will also, in many Respects, be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That, in case such Bill as aforesaid be brought in, the same will be permitted, by the House, to pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are riven to understand, a Bill is depending for making ana maintaining a Navigable Canal from some Place near Abingdon aforesaid, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, in or near the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, and, the Petitioners conceive that such Canal, if effected, will be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of the Vale of Berkshire, wherein the same is situated, as well as of National Utility: And therefore praying, That the House will consent that the said Bill do pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Miners, and Inhabitants of Nemiham, Col ford, Blakeney\ Lid-ney, Alvington, Aylberton, and Jvoollaston, within and in the Neighbourhood of the Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Bei'ks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, at some Place at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of particular Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to permit the same to pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Year 1771, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Vox. 40.

Market House in the Town of Grthf Famttgdep, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford, and also of the Creditors who have advanced and lent Money on the Credit of the Gates, !Thm-pikes, and Toll Houses, erected by virtue of the said Act, and the Tolls and Duties thereby granted for the repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said Road, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That before the passing of the said Act, the said Road was not only in general very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious, but Part there* of, between Pidnell Bridge, in the said Parish of Great Farringdon, and Clanfeld, in the County of Oxford, was subject to great and dangerous Floods, so that it was sometimes impassable, and at other limes dangerous for Travellers; and that the Petitioners, the said Trustees, have, from Time to Tin>e, borrowed several large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act, which have been expended in repairing and altering the said Road, and in erecting many Arches and Bridges thereon, in order to make the same Safe and passable, but the Tolls collected at the several Turnpikes erected on the said Road do not amount to a sufficient Sum to enable the Trustees to keep the said Road in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed; and that the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in Parliament for effecting a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, which must not only prove an Object of the utmost National Utility, but also will afford more essential Benefit to the Petitioners, as it appears from the Plan of such intended Canal> that it will cross or intersect, in the said Parish of Great Farringdon, the said Turnpike Road, in which the Petitioners are for themselves, and circumjacent Country, peculiarly interested; and that the Town of Great Famngdon, with other Towns, Villages, 8gc. in the Vicinage thereof, will draw large Supplies of Fuel, Merchandize, and Necessaries of Life, from such Canal along the Road so constructed by the Petitioners, and through the Toll Gates erected thereon* w hereby the Tolls must be considerably augmented, and the Trustees'not only enabled to preserve the said Road in good Condition, but also to pay the Principal and Interest of the Money borrowed, to the great Relief of such of the Petitioners who are Creditors as aforesaid, and much to the public Advantage: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making the said Canal from Kempsford to Abingdon as aforesaid, may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kemp ford, in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Phelips, from the Select Committee, who were Bucks appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Pe- Election, tition of the Right honourable Ralph Earl Vemey of the Kingdom of Ireland; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being Freeholders duly entitled to vote in the Election df Knights of the Shire for the County of Bucks, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Aubrey, Esquire, the Sitting Member, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bucks.

And

828 ii ° ApA. 1785.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

"Edinburgh A Bill for opening an easy and commodious Corn-City. Tnimication from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from -the Lawn Market to’the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas for that Purpose, for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same, for rebuilding or improving the University, for enlarging the public Markets, and Communications thereto, for regulating certain Taxes, Tor lighting the said City, for providing an additional Supply of Water, and for extending the Royalty of the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Fergusson, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.; And jthey are to meet this Afternoon, at Jive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Commercial A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Intercourse Council, of the Burgh of Dunbar, was presented to with Ireland. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are well satisfied, that a Commercial Intercourse with Ireland, on a broad and permanent Foundation, is wise, and will be most beneficial to both Countries, but that a general Alarm prevails over the Country, with regard to the Terms held out to the Irish Parliament, and very many Manufacturers apprehend the most fatal Consequences to their Trade; and that the Country at large, although they wish well to the Principles of a Connection with Ireland, are dissatisfied with the little Time that has been given them for considering a Matter of such high Importance to both Kingdoms: And therefore praying the House to delay the Consideration of these Matters, that those most materially interested therein may have full Time to consider the Principles of the Connection, with its Consequences to both Countries.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Abingdon A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by an Navigation. Act of Parliament, passed in the Year 1777, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Asthall, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road at or near Buckland, in the County of Berks, and also of the Creditors who have advanced Money for completing that Road, according to the Powers by such Act given, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That before the passing of the said Act the said Road was, in many Parts, narrow, and out of Repair, subject to frequent Inundations, and consequently often impassable; and that the Petitioners, the said Commissioners, have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, which have been expended in amending and altering, where necessary, and proper Arches erecting in the Course of the same, so as to make the said Roads safe and passable, but the Tolls taken at the different Gates authorized by the said Act to be erected, do not amount to a sufficient Sum to enable the Commissioners to keep the said Road in Repair, and to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed; and that the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in Parliament, for effecting a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, to Abingdon# in the County of Berks,

which must not Only prove an Object of the utmost National Utility, but also will afford most essential Benefit to the Petitioners, as it appears, from the Plan of such intended Canal, that it will cross or intersect, at or near the Parish of Buckland, the said Turnpike Road, in which the Petitioners are, for themselves and circumjacent Country, peculiarly interested; and that the Town of Bampton, with other Towns, Villages, 8$c. in the Vicinage thereof, will draw large Supplies of Fuel, Merchandize, and Necessaries of Life, from such Canal, along the Road so constructed by the Petitioners, and through the Toll* Gates erected thereon, whereby the Tolls must be considerably augmented, and the Commissioners not only enabled to preserve the said Road in good Condition, but also to pay the Money borrowed, with all Interest due thereon, to the great Relief of such of the Petitioners who are Creditors, and much to the public Advantage: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making the Canal from Kempsford to Abingdon, as aforesaid, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town ,of Abingdon^ in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Commissioners authorized and Abingdon appointed by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, %ana under the Great Seal of Great Britain, unto them directed, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the One-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King James the First, intituled, "An Act for " making the River Thames navigable for Boats,

" Barges, and Lighters, from the Village of Burcott,

" in the County of Oxford, unto the University and " City of Oxford,"- was presented to the House, and read; . Setting forth, That in pursuance of the said Act the River Thames was made Navigable, from Burcott aforesaid, unto the University and City of Oxford, and divers considerable Sums of Money were at that Time expended thereon by the University and City of Oxford, and the Inhabitants thereof, amounting in the Whole to about £.2,000; and that at several subsequent Periods, and particularly within the last Ten Years, the said Commissioners have laid out the Sum of £. 800, over and above the Annual Income arising from the Tolls and Duties on the said Navigation, in re-building the several Wharfs, Locks, and Pounds of the said River, within their Jurisdiction, so that the Whole of it is now in perfect Repair, by which the said Commissioners have contracted a Debt of £.721. is. 6d. which still remains due; and that a Petition hath been presented to the House, for making a Navigable Canal from Leachlade, in the County of Gloucester, to the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Bei'ks, and, the Petitioners conceive the making such Navigable Canal will not only destroy the Navigation of the said River Thames and Isis, from Leachlade to Oxford, and from Oxford to Abingdon, by which the Conveyance of Goods by Water Carriage to the University and City of Oxford will be totally annihilated, to the great Detriment thereof, but likewise will very materially injure the Estates of the several Land Owners lying near the said River, by rendering the valuable Meadow Lands a perfect Swamp, to the great Detriment thereof, and to the Health of the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country; and representing to the House, that the Wharfage, Tolls, and Duties on the Navigation within the Petitioners Jurisdiction* which have hitherto amounted to not les9 than ,£.13& per Annum, will be so reduced, as to be totally inadequate to the Discharge of the Debt already incurred,

25 Geo. III. 1i° Apr 820

and to the future Support of the Works erected on the said Navigation, which the Petitioners are notwithstanding bound to uphold: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into their serious Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Secern Canal, in the Parish of jKempsford, in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Representa- A Petition of the Freemen, Freeholders, and others, tion in Inhabitants of the Town of King's Lynn, was presented Parliament. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are truly sensible of the great Excellence of the Constitution of this Country, and zealously attached to those Principles on which it was originally founded, and that for* Security in the Possession of their just Rights, it is indispensably necessary, that the whole Body of the People should be represented: That, at present, a very inconsiderable Part of the Nation have a Voice in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and the Representation is thereby rendered partial and inadequate: And therefore entreating the House to take into their most serious Consideration the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Commercial A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and intercourse others, in Aberdeen, thereto subscribing, was presented with Ireland. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners were equally astonished and alarmed at the Ten Propositions, made by the Honourable Mr. Orde, in the House of Commons in Ireland,\ and now under Consideration of this House, for establishing a Commercial Intercourse betwixt Great Britain and that Kingdom, the Petitioners being unacquainted with any Reasons, of State or Necessity, which should induce Great Britain to make such a complete Surrender of her Commerce and Manufactures to the Sister Kingdom, as muss be consequent of these Propositions passing into a Law; and that a proportionate Participation of Burthens, as well as Advantages, is the only Foundation upon which a fair and equitable System or Treaty of Commerce can be established with Ireland; and, the Irish Resolutions, now before the House, holding forth no certain nor satisfactory Participation of Burthens, cannot be a proper Foundation for such a Treaty: And therefore praying, That the House will not adopt any Treaty of Commerce with Ireland, but on the Basis of its bearing a proportionate Share of the Burthens at present affecting, or which may hereafter affect, the People of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the jjConsideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse v between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Free Brothers of the Borough of Vol. 40.

Morpeth, in the County of Northumb&'layid, was pre- Representa-sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That tion in the Petitioners are Free Brothers of the Borough of Pad*1"6111-Morpeth, which Right they have acquired either by Patrimony, or by serving as Apprentices for the Term of Seven Years to the Trades to which they respectively belong; that the Right of voting for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, is confined to a very small Number, who are, by the Custom of the Borough, called Freemen, and the Petitioners are entitled to every Privilege in the Borough with the Freemen, but that of giving a Vote at Elections for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the Petitioners, and the rest of the Free Brothers, are above double the Number to those Freemen who have the Right of voting for Members to serve in Parliament, and the Petitioners have been at very great Expence and Trouble, from Time to Time, in endeavouring to obtain the Privilege of giving their Voice at Elections, but hitherto without Effect; and, that the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellence of the Constitution of this Country, most ardently wish to have it maintained upon the genuine Principles on which it was founded, and that it is necessary to the Welfare of the People, that the Commons House of Parliament should have a common Interest with the Nation; and that, in the present State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, the Commons of this Realm are partially and inadequately represented, and consequently cannot have that Security for their Liberties, which is the Aim and Intention of the Constitution to give them:

And therefore supplicating the House to take their particular Case into Consideration; and also the present inadequate State of the Representation of the People in Parliament, and to apply such Remedy to them, and to this great Constitutional Evil, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Foleshill and Brail, Trent and in the County of the City of Coventry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communicate, upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent and Mersey, the Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal are authorized to take, to their ow n proper Use, for Tonnage and Wharfage of all Coal conveyed upon their said Cut, or Canal, such Rates and Duties as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coal; and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates,

Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken, by virtue of the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties shall be equal throughout the whole Length of the said Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are by the said Act impowered, pursuing the Directions of the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, or so fixed, at such General Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Reduction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby granted, shall be confined to any particular Part of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take place upon, the Whole and every Part thereof; and that the said Coventry Canal is now completed as far as At herst one, in the County of Warwick, being about Two Fifths of the whole Length thereof, and the Tonnage first fixed, and hitherto taken, for Coal navigated on the said Canal, hath been, and still is, io B One

830 tt° Aprilis. 1785.

One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, and the Mile; and that, as the said Bill now stands, the Pro-Wartvicksmre Coal Mines extend Twenty Miles along prietors of the said Coventry and Oxford Canal Navi-the Banks and intended Course of the said Canal; ana gations will, under such Agreement, be authorized that, by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the to take One Third less Tonnage for Staffordshire Coal,

Reign of His present Majesty, for making and main- navigated from Birmingham to Fazeley, and upon all taining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal or any Part of the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, Navigation to the City of Oxford\ the Company of than is, by the said Acts, specified to be taken for Proprietors of the said Oxford Canal are authorized to Coal navigated from the Warwickshire Collieries, upon take, to their own proper Use, for Tonnage and the same Canal, which, the Petitioners conceive, will

Wharfage of all Coal conveyed upon the said Cut be not merely injurious, but ruinous, to tha-said Pa-

or Canal, such Rates, Tolls, and Duties, as the said rishes of Foleshill and Exalt, in as much as such par-Company of Proprietors shall think fit, not exceeding tial Tonnage, in Favour of Staffordshire Coal, will One Penny Halfpenny per Mile for every Ton of Coal; operate to shut up the Warwickshire Collieries, and

and, it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Com- the Petitioners must, in such Case, although living

pany of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, on the Banks, and in the Midst of Collieries, de-shall, at their First General Assembly, fix the Rates, pend solely on the Wednesbury Coal Mines, which are Tolls, or Duties, to be by them taken, by virtue of upwards of Forty Miles distant from the said Parishes the said Act, which said Rates, Tolls, or Duties, shall of Foleshill and Exall, for a Supply of Coal, which be equal throughout the whole Length of the said they cannot possibly obtain from thence in sufficient Canal; and the said Company of Proprietors are by Quantities, in hard Frosts or Summer Droughts, and the said Act impowered, pursuing the Directions of the Colliers now employed in working the Mines the said Act, to lessen the said Rates, Tolls, and Du- within the said Parishes must be destitute of Employ-ties, thereby granted, or so fixed, at such General ment, unless the House shall give Leave for a Clause Assembly, as they shall think proper, so that no Re- to be inserted in the said Bill, that all Coal navigated duction of the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, thereby upon the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, or any granted, shall be confined to any particular Part of Part thereof, shall pass at one and the same Rate of the said Cut or Canal, but shall extend to, and take Tonnage: And therefore praying, That such Clause Place upon, the Whole and every Tart thereof; and may be inserted in the said Bill, for equalizing the that the said Oxford Canal is now completed as far as Tonnage of all Coal, or that the Petitioners may have Banbury, in the County of Osford, which is in Length such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall about Sixty-three Miles, and the Tonnage first fixed, appear just and reasonable.

and hitherto taken, for Coal navigated upon the said Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Oxford Canal, hath been, and still is, One Penny Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to Halfpenny per Ton per Mile; and that the Petitioners enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation have, at all Times, had a certain and plentiful Sup- from The Tre?it to The Mersey, and the Company of ply of Coal, at a reasonable Rate, from the Collieries Proprietors of the Navigation from iBirmingham to within and adjoining the said Parishes of Foleshill and Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal firom the said Exall, which Collieries give Employment to many Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in Hundred, poor Colliers, and are the actual Support the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, of upwards of One thousand Persons within the said and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of Parishes, and that a Bill is now depending in the the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a House, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, is Navigation from The Trent to The Mei'sey, and the committed.

Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peasce Corn and the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley for the County of Norfolk, at their General Quarter Grain. Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the Sessions in and for the said County, at the Castle of said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Norwich, the 6th Day of April 1785, was presented Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The for explaining, amending, and rendering more effee-Mersey, in which Bill is contained a Clause for rati- tual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the fying and confirming certain Articles of Agreement, Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, bearing Date the 29th Day of October 1783, between intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascer-the Trent and Mersey Canal Navigation Company of " taining the Importation and Exportation of Corn the First Part, the Coventry Canal Navigation Com- " and Grain, within the several Ports and Places pany of the Second Part, and the Oafo?'d Canal Na- " therein mentioned/’ and for extending the Powers vigation Company of the Third Part, by which a and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part certain Agreement, entered into at a Meeting, held of Great Britain called England; and, Setting forth, at Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, upon the That the Petitioners are justly apprehensive that the 20th Day of June 1782, by certain Delegates from said Bill will prove injurious in the highest Degree to the respective Companies of Proprietors of the Ox- Agriculture, and to the Landed and Commercial Inford, Coventry, and the Trent and Mersey (therein terests of this Kingdom, and to the County of Norfolk called The Grand Trunk) Canal Navigations, and from in particular: And therefore praying, That they may certain Proprietors of, and Subscribers to, a then be heard, by themselves or Counsel, at the Bar of new'-proposed Navigation, from the Collieries in the the House, against the Provisions contained in the Neighbourhood of tVednesbury, to Birmingham, and said Bill, and that the same may not be passed into a from thence to join the Coventry Canal in the Neigh- Law.

bourhood of Fazeley, was made binding and con- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the elusive on the said Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Table, until the said Bill be read u. Second Time; and Companies, respectively; by which Agreement it was that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or understood and agreed, by such Delegates, on the Part Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if of their respective Companies, that the Tonnage to they think ht. be taken for all Coal, navigated from Birmingham,

throughout the intended Canal, to Fazeley, and upon A Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace Comme all or any Part or Parts of the Coventry and Oxford for the County of Norfolk, at their General Quarter Canals, should not exceed One Penny per Ton per Session, held at the Castle of Norwich, in and for the m r 4 ~ said

25 Geo. III. u°

said County, the 6th. Day of April 1785, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forfch> That the Parliament of Ireland have, in their last Session, passed an Act for regulating the Corn Trade in that Kingdom, and in their present Session a further Act for explaining and amending the same, containing divers Provisions for settling the Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, respecting the Exportation and Importation of Corn and Grain; and that the Commercial Regulations between Great Britain and Ireland being under the Consideration of the House, and there being Cause to apprehend, from the Report of the Committee of Privy Council, that there is an Intention to adopt the Regulations of the above Bills, as the Foundation for passing a similar and corresponding Bill on the Part of Great Britain, which, if completed (according to the Rates and Prices contained in the said Report) would very materially injure the Landed and Commercial Interest of this Kingdom in general, and more particularly that of the County of Norfolk, the Petitioners therefore pray, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, upon the Propositions respecting the Exportation and Importation of Corn to and from Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration 0 of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit

Watling A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading

Street from The Gibbet, or Lutterworth Iiand, on the Watling

Churchover Street Road, through the Parishes of Churchover, Roads, Brownsaver, Newbold upon Avon, Rugby, and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorlon, in the said County, at or near a Public House, known by the Sign of The Cook, in the said Parish of Bilton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

in the Speaker s Chamber.

Meriden An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Meriden, in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. I. ult. To cleave out "James? and insert " Edward" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fidds, Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Meriden, in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

Oldered. That Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

?enryn A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

toads. Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Vol.40.

Roads leading from New Street, ar\d Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Basset, Sir John St. Aubyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Richmond Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Em* Poor* ployment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond\ in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Re* pairs of the Highways, die paving, cleansing, light* ing, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid, and for -the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ambler,

Sir Francis Basset, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. George Douglas presented to the House, accord- Scotts Dyke ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terra and Road-Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scotts Duke, 'in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads lead- Southwark, ing from the Stones End, in Blackman Street, in the &c. Road$. Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to High gate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stock-well, to Bi'ixton Causeway; and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane; and from Cambetwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Swrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid, to Witch-cross, in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr.- Ambler, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Kent and Leicester's Somerset, and in the City of London, devised by the Will tstate6* of Thomas late Earl of Leicester, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, situate in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the $ame Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jcr-voise, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wyndham Grenville presented to the House, Controverted according to Order, a Bill for the further Regulation Elections, of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

General Murray, according to Order, reported from scotch

the Distillery.

Haselden's Wood Roads

832

11

Aprilis.

A. 1785.

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of " the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home " Consumption, and for granting and securing the " due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof;

" and for the better Regulation of the making and " vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for destroying M all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Limits of Ferentosh, in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts " and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from " the /Vest Indies" as limits the Size of the Stills to be used in the Distillation of Corn Spirits, within the Highland Parishes, or Districts of the Counties in the said Act mentioned; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That’ so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for " a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon 16 Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption,

" and for granting and securing the due Payment of " other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better " Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for destroying all Home-made and " Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; " and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Fcrentosh, in the County of " Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, " certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits " imported from the West Indies" as limits the Size of the Stills to be used in the Distillation of Corn Spirits, within the Parishes or Districts of certain Counties in the Highlands of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland be authorized to grant Annual Licences for erecting and working Stills, of certain Contents, for the Distillation of Corn Spirits, in the Counties of Orkney, Caithness, SutherlandRoss, Inverness, Argyle, Bute, Aberdeen, Forfar, Kincardine, Banff, Nairn, and Elgin, and certain Parts of the Counties of Stirling, Perth, and Dumbarton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty Shillings Sterling be charged upon every Gallon of the Contents of such Stills, to be paid by the Owners thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the^aid Resolutions: And that General Murray, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and the Marquis of Graham, do prepare, and bring in, die same.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar-sham, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufac- Trentj^ turers, and others, of the City of Coventry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make Navigable the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with some short Cuts -connecting the rewith, from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to Atherstone, in the County of JVarwick, with several short Cuts branching therefrom; and the Petitioners also find, that a Bill is depending in the House, for enabling the several Companies of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from The Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County; and submitting to the House, that, if such Application for making Navigable the said Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with the said several Cuts therefrom, should meet with the Sanction of Parliament, it will render the Completion of the intended Coventry Canal from Atherstone to Fazeley unnecessary, and every Communication intended thereby, and also by the said i intended Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Fradley Heath to Fazeley, will be effected, and at a much less Expence, with the Advantage of larger Boats, with greater Accommodation for the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, as well with respect to an easier Tonnage and Freight, as to greater Safety and Dispatch, and unattended with the Loss of a large Quantity of rich and valuable Land, and without the Inconvenience of the Separation of Property, which must necessarily arise from the making a new Canal: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that when such Bill, for making Navigable the Rivers Trent,

Tame, and Anker, shall be presented, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition’ of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and also of the Bailiffs, Commonalty, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and JVarwick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Mr. Pye reported from the Committee, to whom the Mp Petition of Henry Phillips, of Kriightsbridge, was re-ferred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, from the Perusal of the various Certificates

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and Letters, referred by the House to your Committee,

and widening the Roads from the White Post, on and by Two additional Certificates now produced,

Hascldens JVlod, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Ap- That the Powder invented and prepared by Mr. Phil-

pledore Heath; and from Milk house Street, in the same lips, the Petitioner, for the Destruction of Weevils,

Parish, to Castledens Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden; Maggots, Spiders, and Cockroaches, had been used for and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tenter- the Preservation of Grain, Biscuit, and Dry Stores, on den, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the board of His Majesty’s Ships Union — Fox — Dadalus — Parish of Newendeti, in the County of Kent, was read a Diligent — Brune — Ambuscade* — Princess Carolina — Second Time. Leocadia — Britannia — Iphigenia — Ocean — Eurydict-

25 GeO. III. i i0 Aprilis. 833

Agamemnon — Alarm — Jason — Marlborough — Diligeitte Evidence taken before the said Select Committee, might — and Race Horse — And that it had fully answered the be read.

Ends proposed, of destroying the said Insects, and pre- And the Reading of the said Minutes being objected venting their Return, whereby the Ships Provisions had to;

been preserved from being wasted or spoiled during And the Question being proposed, Thai the said Voyages of considerable Length. Minutes be now read;

It also appeared to your Committee, that there had not And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

been any Letter or Account, stating, that the said Powder -Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday

had been found to fail effecting the Purposes for which Morning next it had been reeommended and used.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Ordered, That there, be laid before this House, an Produce of Table. Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Taxes.

Michaelmas 17 to Christmas Eve .1783, and from British The House was moved, That an. Act, made in the Michaelmas 1784 to Christmas Eve 1784; together with -

Fisheries. Fifteenth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, the Totals:

intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement ,of the , ....

44 Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, . Ordered, That there be laid before this House;, an Ditto.

44 and the British Dominions.in Europe* and for se; Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from curing the Return of the Fishermen, SailQrs, and Christnias Eve 1783 to the 5th of April 1784, and

44 others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports from Christmas Eve i 784 to the *jth Day of April

" thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season," might 1785; be read.

And the same being read accordingly; Ordwed, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Account of the Produce of the several Taxes imposed by Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the any Act of the last Session of Parliament, as far as the whole House, to consider of the said Act same can be made up; distinguishing the Fi-dducfc of each Tax.

Crickladd The HoriSfe, according to Order, proceeded to take , i ' ,

Election. into further Consideration the Report from the Select . Ordered, That there be laid before tbjs House, an Ditto.

Committee, who were appointed to try and determine Account of the Produce of the several Taxes imposed

the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneage by any Act passed in the^ Year 1783, as far as the and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition same can be made up; distinguishing the PtodUce of of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed* Voters each Tax.

for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough,

of Cricklade, in the county of /^/7/.v severally complain- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys ahd

ing of an undue Election and Return for the said Air. Thomson:

Borough. Mr. Speaker,

The House was moved, That the several Entries itl the The Loi'ds have agreed tb. thfe Bill, intituled, An Liverpool Journal of the House, of the 17th Day of December Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, Dbcks* 1770, and the 29th Day of January 1771, of the relating to the Harbour of Liverpooland for making Proceedings of the House, in Relation to the Report Two additional Docks and Piers in or near thb Port from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try of Liverpool; without any Amendment: Ahd also, and determine the Merits of the Petition of* Thomas The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Peniberton'a

Rumbold, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and enable William Pemberton, Esquirfe, and his Fltst and Name.

Return for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County othefr Sons, and their Issue, to take, use, and bfear the of Sussex, might be read. Name and Arms of Clildde, pursuant to the Will of

And the same were read accordingly. Edward Cludde, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords

The House was also moved, That the said Petition desire the Concurrence of this House, of John Walker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; Arid then the Messengers \vithdrew.

and also, the Petition of those whose Names are there- And the said Bill from the Lords wds read the First

unto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parlia- Time.

ment for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Resolved That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wilts, might be again read.

And the same were read accordingly. A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loads Supply Bill;

The House was also moved, That the Entries in or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Exchequer the Journal of the House, of the 1 Stli Day of February thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five* tvas read a UlUs*

1782, of the Proceedings of the House, upon taking Second Time.

into Consideration the Iteport from the Select Com- Resolved, That the Bili be committed;

mittee, w ho were appointed to try and determine the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Merits of the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, com- of the whole House.

plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Moihing,

Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, might be resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, read. upon the said Bill.

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the Resolution of the said Select Committee, A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans Ditto.

44 That the Conduct of the Returning Officer, in taking or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One the Poll; and making the Return, at the last Election thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read a 44 of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Second Time.

44 Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was partial and Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

44 illegal, whereby a colourable Majority was obtained Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

44 on the Poll for Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core" being of the whole House.

read a Second Time; Resolved, That this Housd will, Tomorrow Morning,

And the Question being proposed, That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon do agree with the Committee in the said Resolu- the said Bill, tion;

The House was moved, That the Minutes Of the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Vo l. 40. 10 C List

834

ii

12

A, 1785.

Excise Of- List of the additional Number of Excise Officers em-o^Cotton^ PIoyed *n die County of Lancaster\ in Consequence of the Tax imposed in the last Session of Parliament upon bleached and dyed Cotton Stuffs, and on Licences for bleaching and dying the same; together with the Salaries paid to the said Officers.

Commercial The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Intercourse Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so wit re an . mucj1 of jjs Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th JDay of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, THat they had examined several other Witnesses, and heard Counsel, in Support of the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers and others, resident in the Towri and Neighbourhood of Manchester, and had closed the Evidence in Behalf of the said Petition: And that he was directed, by the Committee, to move, that they may have leave to sit again.

Resolved That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Grey Eliot, Esquire, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That William Fawkener, Esquire, do attend the said Committee at the same Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ways and Resolved That this House will, upon Wednesday

Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martisy 12° die Aprilis;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP8 Regis, 1785.

Pra YEKS.

Kirkwall, HPH E Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Ice. Election. A the Petitions of John Sinclair, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Kirlcwall, Wick9 Dornoch, Tain9 and Dingwall, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being Returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Seventy-five Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed by Mr. Speaker to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then draSvri by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-seven Members, thea present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And' the Name of the Honourable George Keith Elphimtone, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Select Committee, that he had been afflicted with a severe Illness, from Which he was but very lately recovered, and that he could not possibly attend the said Committee, without great and manifest Detriment to the present uncertain State of his Health; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk* in Manner before mentioned, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon, Mr. Speaker putting the Question to the House, That the said Member (in respect of what he has now so alledged and verified)! be excused from serving On the said Select Committee; which being agreed to by the House, he was excused accordingly; ’ '

And the Names of Twenty-two 'other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to f

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names* the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the 'Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Six, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns

0 O

Petitions were depending; One, on Account of his being a Petitioner to this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return; and Eight, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioner named Sir Adam Fergusson9 Baronet, and the Counsel for the Sitting Member named the Lord Maitland, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Sir Archibald Edmotistone reported from the Com- Ayrl mittec, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Freeholders, of the County of Ayr, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he feud the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James Boszcell, Esquire, being examined> said* That the Bridge across the River Ayr is a great public Convenience;* but, from the Length of Time since it was built, it is now become dangerous and insufficient — That it was originally built too narrow to permit Z ' Carriages

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Abingdon

Navigation.

25 GEO. III. 12° Aprilis. 835

Carriages to par* each other easily, and the Access at the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to each End is steep and inconvenient — That it is there- permit the same to pass into a Law. fore' become necessary to take down the said Bridge, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, imd build another, either in the same Place or at some until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable other porivenient Situation near it, with proper Abut- Canal from the River Thames or Isis, near the Town of mente, Walls, Wings, and other Works for the Sup- Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communi-port ami Preservation thereof, and to widen the cate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in Streets, Passages, and Communications thereto, and the Parish of Kemps ford, in the County of Gloucester, to* the Quays or Loading Places at the Harbour of be read a Second Time.

Ayr, on both Sides of the River, and to levy such,

Tolls or Pontage for the passing of the said Bridge, , A, Petition of the Chamber of Commerce and Ma- CottonTrade. for the Purpose of making and maintaining thereof, nufactures in Glasgow, in Behalf of the Linen Print-and the other Works aforesaid,1 as may be found ne- ers and Muslin Manufacturers, Members of the said cessary. Chamber, in Glasgorw, and the Neighbourhood, was

Onkrcdy That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That for re-building the Bridge across the River of Ayr, a very considerable Manufacture of low-priced Printed at the Town of Ayr: And that Sir Archibald Edmon- Goods is carried on in the City of Glasgow, and the stone, Mr. Montgomerie, Mr. AT Dow all, and die Lord Neighbourhood, which affords Employment to many Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the of the industrious Poor, and produces a considerable same. ' Revenue to Government; and that, when the origi-

nal Duty, of Three Pence per Square Yard, was first A Petition of the Master Silk Weavers in London imposed on Printed Linens, by the Tenth and Twelfth and Manchester, was presented to the House, and read; of Queen Anne, the Consumption of this Article was Setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed principally confined to the higher Classes of the Peo-at the Resolutions brought before the House respect- pie, and the Tax, as originally laid, was only meant itig the Commercial Regulations now depending be- to reach the Opulent and the Rich, but, by successive twixt Great Britain and Ireland, which, if carried into Improvements, and by adapting the coarse Fabrics Effect, will be greatly injurious to the Silk Manii- of Printed Linens to the Circumstances of common factures of this Kingdom; and that the Duty on Raw People, these Goods have become, almost universally, and Thrown Silks imported into Great Britain is much a great Part of the Cloathing of the middle and lower higher than in Ireland, and the Petitioners have been Ranks, who, by means of a great and increased Con-intbrmed, that it is not intended to equalize she Duty, sumption, have been the principal Cause of increasing by subjecting the Irish to the same Duty on the Irii- the Revenue in an eminent Degree; and that the pre-portation of that Article as is paid here, but by laying sent Duties on the Printed Goods peculiar to Scotland, a Duty on Irish manufactured Goods when imported amount, on an Average, to Twenty per Cent on the into Great Britain; and that the Petitioners appre- First Cost, and, on the Coarse Fabrics purchased by hend, that this Mode of equalizing the Duties on the Common People, the Advance in the Hands of Silk will be very injurious to the Silk Manufactures the Consumer, will not be less than Thirty-five per of Great Britain, as it will give great Encouragement Cent, ad Valoy'em, and, under a Burthen so particularly Smuggling the equalizing Duty, added to the pro- ty severe, there is the strongest Reason to apprehend, tecting and Excise Duties on some Articles of consH that the Common People (whose Consumption alone derable Consumption, amounting to upwards of f. 25 renders the Tax productive) will be driven to the per Cent, on their Value, and Silk Goods being pe- Expedient of, resorting to other Substitutes, from culiarly exposed: to Smuggling, being of small Bulk which no Revenue is drawn to the Crown* and which

in Proportion to their Value; and that the Price of have, ' in some Measure, already taken Place; and

Labour is well known to be considerably lower in Ire- that the Three Five per Cents, laid upon this Article* land than here, as well as the Duties on the Materials together with the Duty of Three Farthings per Yard, used in dying Silk: And therefore praying, That the imposed by the Act of last Session of Parliament, in House will take the Premises into Consideration, and addition to the Danger which arises from checking a prevent those Resolutions from passing into a Law; beneficial Consumption, must undoubtedly increase and that they maybe heard, by themselves or Coun- the Temptation to Frauds, in the Payment of the sel, in Support of the Allegations contained in this Duties, by unprincipled Individuals, to the manifest Petition. Injury of the fair Trader; and that the Circumstance

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of encouraging an extensive Consumption of low-Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, priced Printed Goods for the Improvement of the to whom it is referred to consider further of so Revenue, and the alarming Heighth to which illicit

much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Practices, in this Branch, have been carried, suggests

Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th'Day of January a most important Consideration to the Legislature, last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial whether a Reduction, even of the original Duty of Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that Queen Anne, on Printed Goods, would not ultimately the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before more productive to Government than any addi-the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they tional Impost, which, by resting on the lower Ranks, think fit. must unavoidably check the Consumption; and that,

in the City of Glasgow, and the Neighbourhood, a A Petition of the Ironmasters and Coalmasters of considerable Manufactory of Muslins has been at-B rose ley, Coalbroolcdale, Ketley, Scc. in the County of tempted, under Circumstances, at one Period, likely

Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting to prove highly beneficial to Great Britain, but by an forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is de- Act, of the last Session of Parliament, imposing a pending for enabling certain Persons to make a Na- Duty of One Penny per Yard on the coarser Fabrics, vigable Canal from or near the Town of Abingdon, in and Two Pence per Square Yard on all Muslins above the County of Berks, to join and communicate with Three Shillings, besides Fifteen per on the Duty the Thames and Severn Canal, at some Place at or so charged, this Infant Manufacture is likely to be near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which checked in the first . Dawn of its Progress, for, in Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great Nar consequence of the Competition of India Muslins, tional Benefit, but also be of particular Advantage to which are pressed oh the Market without any Regard You 40. to

836 12° Ap 1785.

to intrinsic Value, no Advance could be made on the Price of British Muslins, and the Duty hitherto paid has actually fallen on the Manufacturer alone, and % under these, and other discouraging Circumstances,

nothing, but the Hope of immediate Legislative Relief, could induce the Petitioners to continue the Manufacture; and that the Petitioners are ready to prove, at the Bar of the House, such Facts and Circumstances, relative to this new Manufacture, as, they doubt not, will produce a Removal of these Burthens and Restrictions, which have tended, in an eminent Degree, to impede the Progress of a Branch of Manufacture likely to become a great National Blessing: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support of the Allegations of this Petition, and that the House will grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and otl>ers, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorley, Stockpoi't, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, is referred; jyid that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

Pickering Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to

lucio8ure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto set and subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Manor and Parish of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of Apj'il 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Owners of the Great and Small Tythes, and also the several Proprietors of Common-Right Houses, entitled to Right of Common upon the Lands to be allotted, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Four Common-Right Houses, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to it, and the Proprietors of Four Common-Right Houses, who did not chuse to consont, but did not oppose, and the Proprietor of One Common-Right House, who was not applied to, being insane, and the Proprietor of Two Common-Right Houses, who is a Minor, and also, the Proprietors of 43 Common-Right Houses, who are against the Bill; and that the whole Number of Common-Right Houses, is 293); and that the several Common-Right Houses, to which*'a Right of Common upon the Lands to be allotted is appurtenant, together with the inclosed and open Lands and Tythes within the Townships of Piclcering and Newton, belonging to the Owners of such Common-Right Houses, are assessed to the Land Tax at about £. 102. 6$. 1 d. per Annum; and that the Owners of all such Common-Right Houses, and inclosed and open Lands and Tythes, have given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of such as are assessed to the Land Tax at 14$. 6 d. per Amum, who did

not chuse to sign the Bill, but did not object to it, and of such as are assessed at £> 1. 15 s. $d. per Annum, who did not chuse to consent, but did not oppose, and One Owner, whose Property is assessed to the Land Tax at 8 d. per Annum, who was not applied to, being insane, and One other Ownerj whose Property is assessed at about £. l. os. 8d. per Annum, who is a Minor, and also certain other of the said Owners, whose Property together is assessed at,

£.24. 3s. 4d. pet' Annum, who are against the Bill);, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report w as read. *

And the House being informed* that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said.

Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

- The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Messuages and Cottages, Lands and Estates, within the Township of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit*.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That’ they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of most Ex*ter P< of the Guardians of the Poor in the City and County of the City of Exon, and Payers to the Poor Rates there; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants and others, Payers to the Poor Rates of the City and County of the City of Exon, which were severally presented tQ the House upon the 14th Day of March last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, is committed.

A Petition of Sir Thomas George Skipwith, Baronet, Bramf wfas presented to the House, and read; Taking No- Incite tice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor, Parish, or Free Chapelry of Brampton, in the County of Derby; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner, as Devisee in Trust of the Real Estates of the late Godfrey Bagnall Clarke, Esquire, deceased, is in Possession of the most considerable Estate within the said Manor, Parish, or Free Chapelry, and entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and that the said Estate is at present subject to sundry Mortgages, for the Security of several very large Sums of Money, and, the said Godfrey

Bagnall

5 Geo. III.

i2° Apr

Sit

JBagnail Clarke directed, by his Will, that the Rents and Profits of the said Estate should, from Time to Time, after Payment of the Interest of the said Debts, accumulate for the Purpose of discharging the principal Sums secured thereon, and that no Part of the said Estate should be sold, or any Person receive any Benefit therefrom, until the said Debts, and the Interest thereof, were fully discharged; and that a Suit has been instituted, and is now depending, in the Court of Chancery, concerning the Trusts of the said Will, and the Petitioner therefore conceives he is not authorized to consent to a Division and Inclosure of the said Lands and Grounds, although it might be for the Benefit of the said Estate; but that the said Division and Inclosure would be so far from being of Benefit to the said Estate, that, he is well informed, the same would, for several Reasons, be very detrimental thereto, and particularly as he hath lately let several considerable Farms, Part of the said Estate, to very respectable Tenants, at advanced Rents, which Ad* vance in the Rents was owing chiefly to the extensive Rights of Common, belonging to such Farms, upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and, the Petitioner has great Reason to believe, that, if the said Division and Inclosure should take Place, several of the said Farms would be quitted by the Tenants; and representing to the House, That, as the said Division and Inclosure would be attended with a very considerable Expence, it must be of great Prejudice to the several Creditors upon the said Estate, and also to the Persons who will hereafter be entitled to the beneficial Interest therein: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that he may have Leave to be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Trent and A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufac-Mersey, &c. turers, and others of the Town of Derby, and Parts ad-Caoal. jacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others of the Town of Gainsborough, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others of the Town of Grantham, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others of the Town of Next ark, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to make Navigable the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with some short ' Cuts connecting the rewith, from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, with several short Cuts branching therefrom; and the Petitioners also find that a. Bill is depending in the House for enabling the several Companies of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradley Heath, in Vol. 40.

the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County; and submitting to the House, that if such Application for making Navigable the said Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with the said several Cuts therefrom, should meet with the Sanction of Parliament, it will render the Completion of the intended Coventry Canal, from Atherstone to Fazeley, unnecessary, and every Communication intended thereby (if completed) and also by the said intended Bill for making a Navigable Candl from Fradley Heath to Fazeley, will be effected, and at a much less Expence, with the Advantage of larger Boats, with greater Accommodation for the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, as well with respect to an easier Tonnage and Freight, as to greater Safety and Dispatch,* and unattended with the Loss of a large Quantity of rich and valuable Land, and without the Inconvenience of the Separation of Property, which must necessarily arise from the making a new. Canal: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that when such Bill, for making Navigable the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, shall be presented pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petitioa of the Glass Manufacturers of London; Commercial Bristol, Navcastle, and Glasgow, was presented to the Intercourse House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners wlt reJ*n ' conceive that a Commercial Arrangement with Ireland is of very great Importance to this Kingdom, and to the Bj'itish Empire at large, but they have great Reason to believe that the Resolutions of the Irish Parliament, now under the Consideration of this House, will not put the Two Kingdoms upon Terms of Equality, but will, if passed into a Law, eventually prove highly detrimental to the Manufactures and Commerce of Great Britain, and particularly to the Manufacture in which the Petitioners are engaged; and that the Petitioners wish not, nor do they mean, to object to or oppose, any System which can or may be adopted for the Purpose of putting both Kingdoms upon Terms of Equality in respect to their Manufactures and Commerce, but, on the contrary, would chearfully and warmly support such System, but the Petitioners apprehend, that, unless Ireland will consent to pay equal Duties with Great Britain on all her Imports, and an equal Excise on her Manufactures,* and internal Consumption, for the Support of the Empire at large, and that the same Regulations and Laws be adopted and made respecting the Exports from both Kingdoms, as . well from one to the other, as from each to Foreign Parts, no Terms of Equaliza-' tion can be settled between the Two Kingdoms; and that if Terms of Equalization were to be settled between the Two Kingdoms as before mentioned, the Petitioners verily believe Ireland would still have and enjoy manifest arid great Advantages over Great Britain, inasmuch as His Majesty’s Subjects in this Kingdom are burthened with many very heavy and grievous Taxes, which the Petitioners apprehend and believe they are in a great Measure exempt from in-Ireland; and, moreover, the Manufacturers of Ireland\ from their local Situation, will have a great Advantage over the Manufacturers of this Kingdom, in sending their Manufactures to Foreign Markets, and are or may be, as the Petitioners believe, supplied with Coal, the Produce of that Country, the Petitioners having been credibly informed, that that Species of Fuel has been Jbund in various Parts of'

io D Ireland \

838 i2° Aprilis* A. 1785*

Ireland; and that the tetitiohers are informed, and have strong Reason to believe, that many Manufactories are already brought to Perfection, and carried on in Ireland with greater Success, than in Great Britain, particularly in the Article of Glass, a great deal of which is now, and has been for some Time last past, illegally brought to and used in England, to the very great Detriment of the Petitioners; and that if the Resolutions above mentioned should be adopted in the Mouse, and passed into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive, and do verily believe, that unless some

Seat Alterations are made in the Laws imposing uties upon Glass in Great Britain, that the Manufacture thereof will be totally annihilated in this Kingdom, and removed to Ireland, from whence this Country can and will be supplied with Glass at a much cheaper Rate than the Petitioners, or any other Manufacturers in this Kingdom, can possibly do: And therefore praying, That the Resolutions above-mentioned and referred to may not be passed into a Law; and that the Petitioners, by themselves or Counsel, may be heard on the Subject of this Petition, at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit

Scotch General Murray presented to the House, according

Distillery. 10 Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation of Com, Spirits in small Stills in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant licences to Persons, living in the said Counties, or Districts, to distil Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be printed;

It passed in tfee Negative.

Transpor- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the tation of House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Convict*. N° j Order of Council, declaring that the Convicts whose Names are therein contained, who had been sentenced to be transported to Parts beyond Seas, shall be conveyed or transported for the Terms of their several Sentences to Africa: And also,

N° 2. Order in Council, declaring that the Convicts therein mentioned, who have been sentenced to be transported to America, shall be conveyed or transported for the Terms of their several Sentences to Africa.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Kirkwall, The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being &c. Election, again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a

new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir Adam jFergusson, Baronet, and the Lord Maitland, being added, the same was called over, and is as follows:

Richard Slater Milnes, Esquire, John Grant, Esquire* the Honourable William Henry Bouverie, John Thomas Ellis, Esquire, John Clevland, Esquire, Sir James Duff, Baronet, Clement Tudway, Esquire, David Murray, Esquire, Sir Francis Sykes, Baronet, Thomas Bbothby Parkyns, Esquire, William Augustus Spencer Boscazven, Esquire, Edward Phelips, Esquire, George Boncyer, Esquire, Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet, the Lord Maitland.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petitions of John Sinclair, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Tregony journed Consideration of the Motion, made upon Fri- Ejection day last, That the Lord Viscount Lewisham have

Leave to withdraw the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, so far as the same purports to be the Petition of him the said Lord Viscount Lewisham.

And Robert Kingsmill, Esquire, One of the Sitting Members, in his Place, having acquainted the House, that he consented, for himself and the other Sitting Member, thereto;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 3d Day of March last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Tuesday the 3d Day of May next, might be read

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, so far as the same purports to be the Petition of him the said Lord Viscount Lewisham.

Ordered, That the said Lord Viscount Lewisham have Leave to withdraw the said Petition, so far as the same purports to be the Petition of him the said Lord Viscount Lewisham.

A Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of con- Controver troverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Election Parliament, was read a Second Time. 1 nals*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to en- Pilchard quire into the State of the Pilchard Fisheries, and Fisheries, consider of the most effectual Means of securing and improving the same; and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir William Lemon, Sir William Molesworth, Mr. Eden, Sir Francis Basset, Mr. JoUiffe, Sir John St. Aubyn, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Praed, Mr. Powis, Mr. Call, Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Buller, Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Elliot,

Mr. Ryder, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Young, Mr. Duncombe,

Mr. Grenville, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Dempster, Mr. Steele, Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Rolle, Mr.

Secretary

Payments

into

Exchequer*

Middlesex

Sessions.

Abingdon

Navigation*

Staffordshire, frc. Canal.

Leave of Absence.

Exeise Offices — Duty on Customs.

25 Geo. III. 120 A. 839

Secretary at War, Mr, ffoldsworth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, Hants, and Wilts: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ’and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, atl Account of Payments into the Exchequer, by the Receiver-General of the Customs, from Lady Day 1775 to Lady Day 1785, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year, and each Quarter; together with the Totals of each Year.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Newgate, for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Neztgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term and Sitting of the King’s Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Traders, of the Borough of Stafford\ was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, at some Place at or near Kempsjord, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of particular Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to permit the same to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal in the Parish of Kempsjord, in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House, by the Company of Proprietors of the Stafford-shire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, for Leave to bring in a Bill, to enable them to lower and regulate the Tonnage, upon their said Canal, without the Interposition of Commissioners; and the Petitioners apprehend, that if a Bill shall be passed, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, the same will be a Means of reducing the Price of Coal, as well as the Carriage of Merchandize, which will be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Satterthwaite have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Affairs.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Vol. 40.

A List of the additional Number of Excise Officers employed in the County of Lancaster in consequence of the Taxes imposed the last Session of Parliament upon bleached and dyed Cotton Stuffs, and on Licences for bleaching and dying the same; together with the Salaries paid to the said Officers.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was redd.

Ordered, That the said Account The referred to the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, is referred.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exchequer upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed bim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

r

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Supply BUI; to resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, Exchequer upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by ° s#

Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbei't took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wheu the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Cotton w'hole House, to consider further of the Petition of Trade, the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale,

Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lan* caster, Chester, and Derby.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr.

12° — -13° Apr Ms.

A. 1785.

Mr. Blackbume took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Cotton and Caliico Manufacturers and Printers in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Counties adjacent, and had closed the Evidence in Behalf of the said Petition; and that be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

And the House being informed, that some further Evidence was necessary for the Information of the Committee, and that the said Evidence was now attending, and ready to be examined;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Cooper do forthwith attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Faulder do forthwith attend the said Committee.

OrderedThat Mr. Thomas Wildin do forthwith attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Simeon Aykroyd do forthwith attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Woodward do forthwith attend the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses; and that he was directed, by the Committee, to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others interested in the Fustian Trade in the Towns of Manchester, Salford\ Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorley, Stockporti Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster\ Chester, and Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. John Leese do attend the said Committee, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Cooper do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Faulder do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonathan Gulstone do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 13* die Aprilis;

Anno 25* Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1785.

Praters.

Frodington, A/T1L Jervoise reported from the Committee, to ^c; xVA whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the

nc osure. Commons and Waste Lands, called Frodington, otherwise Fraddinglon, otherwise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common and Wastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Port sea, and County of Southampton, was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 12 Acres of Land, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, and who is out of the Kingdom; and also the Proprietor of 6 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietor of about 2 Acres, who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Land, the Proprietors whereof are entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, is 746 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An TimMd Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, Dra"£-within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An c<k<

Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Arable Fields, and the Down or Common called Colernc Down, within the Parish of Colenie, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also, >

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Fee*,k f Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which Offices‘ are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and prin- Abin^ cipal Inhabitants of the Town of Monmouth, in the N|V1F County of Monmouth: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Inhabitants of the Town of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal at some Place at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of particular Advantage to the Petitioners:

And therefore praying the House to permit the same to pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to

idgeman’s

ime.

unstead, ic. Poor.

Gibraltar Prise Money.

Newnham’s

Estates.

Tunstead, &c. Poor.

25 Geo. III. 130 Aprilis. 841

to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kemps ford, in the County of Gloucestei', be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable John Simpson, lately called John Bridgeman, Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Simpson, pursuant to the Will of William Simpson, Esquire, deceased, and also to bear the Arms, belonging to the Family of Simpson, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. *

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wodehouse, Sir Edward Astley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir George Hoxcard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for authorizing the Prize Agents, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing the said Garrison all such Sums as shall remain or come to their Hands of the Bounty allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a* Mortgage made by John Newn-ham, Esquire, of Part of his settled Estates in Sussex, pursuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, and for enabling him to make a further Mortgage of his settled Estates, according to such Decree, and for discharging both Incumbrances with the Produce of his Estates vested in Trustees to be sold, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddocke, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is soliciting in Parliament for incorporating the aforesaid Hundreds, for the better Maintenance of the Poor within the same; and, the Petitioners having taken this Matter into Consideration, and being sensible that the Increase of their Poor’s Rates, for some few Years past, hath not been owing so much to any Neglect or Misapplication in the Disbursements, as from other Causes, which, in the general State of Things, have been unavoidable, they now look forward with Hope chearfully to provide for the necessary Support of their Poor, at a less Expence than if incorporated, and are perfectly satisfied in their present Situation, and fully persuaded it will not be for the Interest of the said Hundreds at large so to be incorporated, nor have a general Tendency to the better Maintenance of the Poor within the same, an Institution the Petitioners by no Means approve, nor can, with any Vol. 40.

Degree of Satisfaction, assent to: And therefore praying, That the Rill may not be allowed to pass, contrary to the Petitioners most earnest Wishes, and, they conceive, against their Rights and Privileges, in an equal Claim of being heard.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk, is committed.

The Hous5e being informed that Mr. Bruere, from Excise the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; Eruptions, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Return of the several Outgoings and Deductions from the Gross Amount of the Excise, for the Year ending Midsummer 1784, distinguished under their several Heads, with the Amount of each, so as to account for the Difference between the said Gross Amount and the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Rill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Exchequer raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche- BlUs* quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Ditto, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, w*as committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Cotton to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, Land' Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers,

Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton,

Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury,

Chorley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

10 E The

843 13° Apritis. A. 1785.

Seaford

Election.

The Hddse rdaalved itfeelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ml*. Biackbufne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, That they had examirtbd several other Witnesses; and had also Heard Counsel, and examined a Witness, in Support of* the Petition of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures in Glasgow, in Behalf of the Linen Printer*, and Muslin Manufacturers, Members of the said Chamber, in Glasgow, and the Neighbourhood, and had closed the Evidence in Behalf of the said Petition; and that he was directed, by the Committee, to ihdye, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevenni^ht, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorky, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en te Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby.

A Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and Thomas Alves, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That an Election of Two Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Sea ford, in the County of Sussex, came on there the 29th Day of March last, at which Election the Petitioners, Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, Sir John Henderson, Baronet, the Right honourable Henry Flood, and Lazvrence Parsons, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners were elected by a Majority of legal Voters, but that Joseph Gouldsrnith, Esquire, who acted as Bailiff and Returning Officer at the said Election, in taking the Poll was guilty of the grossest Partiality and Injustice towards the Petitioners, by arbitrarily rejecting the legal Votes of several Persons who offered to vote for the Petitioners, and by admitting other Persons to vote for the said Sir Peter Parka* and Sir John Henderson who had no legal Right to, vote, and in many other Respects the said Joseph Gouldsrnith was guilty of unwarrantable Practices, as well previous to as during the said Election; and that several Persons, who voted for the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, had previously asked, received, and taken Money, and other Reward, and had agreed, or contracted, for Money, Gift, and Reward, to give their Votes in the said Election, and had been guilty of other illegal and corrupt Practices, by Means whereof their Votes so given are, and ought to be declared to be, void; and that the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, by themselves, or some Person or Persons employed by them, or One of them, did, by Gift or Reward, and by Promise, Agreement, or Security for Gift or Reward, corrupt and procure several Persons to give their Votes in the said Election, and, by the said and other undue Means the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson were returned to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, in Prejudice of the Petitioners (who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned) in Prejudice of the legal Electors of the said Town and Port, and in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 28th Day of June next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

2

A Petition of thq. several Persons whose Names are Seaford thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and PortslcclioB-of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That an Election of Two Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, came on there the 29th Day of March last, at which Election Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, Thomas Alves, Esquire, Sir Peter Parkw, Baronet, Sir John Henderson, Baronet, the Right honourable Henry Flood, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire, were Candidates; and that the Petitioners, being entitled, by Law, and by the Usage and Constitution of the said Town and Port, to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the same, did, at the said Election, tender their Votes on Behalf of the said Sir Godfrey Webster and Thomas Alves, but that Joseph Gouldsrnith, Esquire, who acted as Bailiff and Returning Officer at the said Election, and who was manifestly in the Interest of, and voted for, the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, arbitrarily and unjustly rejected the Votes of several of the Petitioners, and admitted several Persons to vote for the said Sir Peter Parka' and Sir John Henderson who had no Right to vote in the said Election, and was guilty of various other unwarrantable Practices, as well previous to, as at, and in relation to, the said Election; and that the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Hen dcrson, by themselves, or some Person or Persons employed by them, or One of them, did, by Gift or Reward, or by Promise, Agreement, or Security for Gift or Reward, corrupt or procure several Persons to give their Votes in the said Election, and, by the said and other undue Means the said. Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson obtained a Majority of Votes on the Poll, and were returned accordingly to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and of the said Sir Godfrey Webster and Thomas Alves (who were duly elected, and ought to have been returned) gnd in open Defiance of the Law and Freedom of Elections: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall, upon Examination, appear to be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty!s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices as in former Cases were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records* as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

R*

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Trent and enable the Company of Proprietors of the Naviga- Mersey tion from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company Caoa’ of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County* and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mei'sey, is committed, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

/Mr.

Roads in Scotland.

Army

Pensions.

2,5 Geo. III. *3° 4priUb

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of compleating the Branch of Road in North Britain, from Ballantraey in Ayrshire, tQ Strwrqer, ii* QoUmOik for % Ye^r 178^: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to

the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1785: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Subsidies due to the H*9 Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, and to the Reigning Duke SubildlM' of tyr^mwick, for the Year } 78^.

And the Titles of ithe said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of compleating the Branch of Road in North Britain, from Ballantrae, in

Ayrshire, to Stranraer, in Galloway, for the Year 1785.

Charge of compleating the Branch of Road from Ballatforae, in Ayrshire, to Stranraer, in Galloway, for the Year 1785 - - .

Wgr Office,

13th April 1785.

Geo. Yonge.

800-----

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers,

for the Year 1785.

Nynpjyry- Rank of their late Husbands. Rate of Pension. Charge. TOTAL.

£- £ s. d. £ s. d.

30 Widows of Colonels, each - 50 1,500

30 Lieut. Colonels, each - 40 1,200

27 Majors, each 30 810

170 ... Captains, each - 26 4,420

217 Lieutenants, each - . - 20 4,340

162 - - - ' Ensigns, &c\ &ca. &c\ &c\ &c*.

&c*. each - iG 2,592

1 Physician - 30

637 Total - - - 14,892 — — '

On Account for the Pensions of such Widows as may be added to the

Establishment before the 25th December next - 1,000

15,892 — —

The Amount of 12 (I. in the Pound, allowed to the Paymaster of the

Pensions, qs above stated - 744 12 —

Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per Annum - - 100

Fees to the Auditor, on passing the Annual Account ' .82 10 — 927 2 —

In all - - 16,819 2 —

Sums applicable towards the above Expenceviz1.

Voted on the Estimate for Guards and Garrisons for J 785 - 2,984 .19 :6

Deductions on foe Pay of Marine Corps - ‘ 896 .15 — , 3,7 91 *4

Remains to be prov, s? 1 1 & -0 Q 13.927 7 6

,-i!..!

N. B. The N° 162, above mentioned, includes the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, Surgeons, and of the Soli- citors to the Foot Guards, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of Ensigns Widows.

War Office,

13th April 1785.

Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 40. ESTIMATE

844

13* Aprilis.

A 1785-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Subsidies due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel and tn *u n

Duke of Brunswick, for the Year 1785. Re,gnm"

Charge of the Subsidy due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, from 25th £. s. d. December 1784 to 27th May 1785, both inclusive, being 154 Days, at the Rate of 502,237 Banco Crowns per Annum - 50,989 2 7

D" to the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, from 25th December 1784 to 10th October 1785, being 290 Days, at the Rate of 64,500 German Crowns per Annum ----- 18,302 6 11

Total -

To make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted for 1784, on the above Account;

Annual Subsidy ... 120,850 17 4

Voted for 1784 - 69,861 14 9

Difference to be made good

In all

L

I- i. I

69,291 9 6

50,989 2 7

120,280 12 1

War Office, 13th April 1785.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordwed, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

British The Order of the Day being read, for the House

Fisheries, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried " on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Do-<c minions in Europe, and for securing the Return of " the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the " said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the " Fishing Season

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Commercial The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Intercourse a Committee of the whole House, to consider further with Ireland, of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses; and that he was directed, by the Committee, to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an km-Account of the Dates of the Days when the several Manufacturers were examined before the Lords of the Committee of Council appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Siokin; Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, k That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Wanting next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ma* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Itasli

ection.

'ford

action.

25 Geo. III. Aprilis.84$

Jovis, 14* die Aprilis;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Right honourable George Gordon, commonly called Lord Strathaven, and John Curtis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Salt ash, in the County of Cornwall, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Forty Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides w ere called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked; the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Name of John Pollexfen Bastard, Esquire, being drawn, he wTas nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Fifty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Eight, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Ten, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Sixteen, on . Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Seventeen, on Account of their having already in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members named John Strutt, Esquire, to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of Henry Flood, Esquire, and Larvrence Parsoyis, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That on Tuesday, the 29th Day of March last, 1785, the Election of Two Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, was held and proceeded upon by Joseph Gouldsmith, Esquire, the Acting Bailiff* and Returning Officer of the Place, Vol. 40.

and, at the said Election, the Candidates were, Sit Peter Parker, Baronet, Sir John Henderson, Baronet, Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, Thomas Alves, Esquire, Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire, and that the said Joseph Gouldsmith, in proceeding upon the said Election, acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson, and against the Interest of the Petitioners, by illegally receiving the Votes of Persons who had n6 Right to vote, and by rejecting the lawful Votes of others, tendered on Behalf of the Petitioners, and by so unjustly conducting the Election, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners, as to give a colourable and fraudulent Majority on the Poll to all the other Candidates against them, in consequence whereof, he has returned the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Hen-dersm as duly elected; and that a great Majority of Persons, duly qualified to vote, tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, by whom the Petitioners conceive themselves to have been duly elected, and ought to have been returned, although the said Acting Bailiff arbitrarily and illegally refused to receive such Votes in their Favour; and that, at and before the said Election, various Acts of Bribery, and other corrupt Practices, were committed by the said Sir Peter Parker, Sir John Henderson, Sir Godfrey Webster, and Thomas Alves, Esquire, in order to procure themselves to be returned; and, on the said Election, many Persons were admitted who had no Right to vote, and many were rejected who had a Right to vote, and undue Influence and Corruption, of various Kinds, were practised, whereby the Petitioners were prevented from being returned, as they ought to have been: And. therefore praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem proper.

A Petition of Samuel Lower, John Howell, John Towner, Thomas Beane, William Hasting, James Woolgar, and John Woolgar, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants and Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, having a Right to vote for Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, w’as also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have by Law, a Right to vote in the Election of Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port; and that, on Tuesday, the 29th Day of March last, 1785, the Election of Two Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, was held and proceeded upon, by Joseph Gouldsmith, Esquire, the Acting Bailiff and Returning Officer of the Place, and, at the said Election, the Candidates were, Sir Peter Parker, Baronet, Sir John Henderson, Baronet, Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, Thomas Alves, Esquire, Henry Flood\ Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, Esquire; and that the said Joseph Gouldsmith, in proceeding upon the said Election, acted with great Partiality in Favour of the said Sir Peter\ Paidcer and Sir John Henderson, and against the Interest of the said Henry Flood and Lawrence Parsons, Esquires, by illegally receiving the Votes of Persons who had no Right to vote, and by rejecting the lawful Votes of the Petitioners, and others, tendered on Behalf of the said Henry Flood and Lawrence Parsons, and, by so unjustly conducting the Election, to the Prejudice of the said Henry Flood and Lawrence Parsons, as to give a colourable and fraudulent Majority on the Poll to all the other Candidates, against them the said Heory Flood and Lawrence Parsons' in consequence w'hereof, he has returned the said Sir Peter Parker and Sir John Henderson as duly elected; and that a great Majority of Persons* duly qualified to vote, tendered their Votes for the said Henry Flood and Lawrence Parsons, who, the Petitioners conceive, were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, although the said Acting Bailiff arbitrarily and illegally refused to receive such Votes in their Favour; and that, at and before the said Election, various Act9 of Bribery, and other corrupt,

10 F Practices

Seaford

Election.

Kirkwall, &c. Election. — Attendance of a 'Witness under Arrest.

846 14- Jprilis. A1785.

Practices, were committed by Sir Peter Parker, Sir John Henderson, Sir Godfrey Webster, and Thomas Alves, Esquire, in order to procure themselves to be returned, and the Petitioners, by these, and other unwarrantable Acts, have been deprived of their Rights: And therefore praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem proper.

And the said 'Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 28th Day of June next, at the same Time that the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and Thomas Alves, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of Two Acts, made in the 10th and 11th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices as in former Cases were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Mr. Phelips, from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petitions of John Sinclair, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return far the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall, informed the House, That Major General Charles Ross, having been summoned to attend the said Committee, had returned an Answer by Letter, stating, that he was under Arrest, and did not think himself at Liberty to comply with the Order of the said Committee, without Permission from His Majesty.

Then Two Letters from Major General Charles Ross to the Chairman of the said Select Committee, dated this Day, together with a Letter from William Fawcett, Esquire, Adjutant General of His Majesty’s Forces, to the said Major General Ross, dated the 28th Day of February last, were delivered in at the Table, and read; and are as followeth; viz.

Sir,

Having just received your Order of Yesterday’s Date, for me to attend the Committee sitting on the Merits of the Kirkwall Election, I must inform you, Sir, that being under Arrest, and having only Li^ berty, through His Majesty’s most Gracious Indulgence, to go out for the Preservation of my Health, or upon my own private Affairs; therefore, I have a Doubt of the Propriety of my attending the Committee, which otherways I would obey with the greatest Readiness; and I have the Honor to be, with much Respect,

Sir,

Duke-Street, Your most humble

Westminster, and most obedient Servant,

14th April 1785. Charles Ross.

Edward Phelips, Esquire.

Edward Phelips, Esquire.

Sir,

notwithstanding the Inclination I feel to shew the greatest Deference to the Opinion of the Committee, yet, from the inclosed Letter from the Adjutant General on the Subject of my Arrest, I cannot think myself at Liberty to attend the Committee without the King’s Royal Permission. I am, with great Respect,

Sir,

Duke-Street, Your most humble

W1zstmimter, and most obedient Servant,

Thursday, Charles Ross.

14th April 85.

Great George Sti'eet, 28th February 1785.

Sir,

I was Yesterday honoured with your Letter of the sanje Day’s Date, together with its Enclosures, on the Subject of your present Arrest; concerning winch I have received His Majesty’s Commands to acquaint you, that you have His Royal Permission to consider yourself as much at large, during the Continuance of it, as any Attention, due either to your Health, or to your private Affairs, may render necessary; — only taking Care to attend the Court Martial, which has been appointed for your Trial, when required — and to conform in other Respects to the established Usage of the Service on Occasions of this Nature.

I have the Honor to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Wm Fatccett,

Adj* Gen1.

Majf Gen1 Ross.

And it appearing to the House, from the said last mentioned Letter, that Major General Ross, although under Arrest, had His Majesty’s Permission to consider himself as much at large as any Attention, due either to his Healthy or his private Affairs, might render necessary;

Resolved That Major General Charles Ross ought tp have obeyed the Summons of the said Select Committee, and that he do attend the said Committee, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of the Land Owners of the Manor of Richmai Richmond, otherwise West Sheene, in the County of P«. Surrey, and the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Rick mond and Kew, situate within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, ond for making npw Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid, and for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein; and Setting forth, that the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that Their Majesties intend, and are willing, to give up and relinquish all Right and Title to the Commons, or Soil of the Commons, called Pest House Common, arid The Hill Common, comprized within the said Manor, in order that such Parts of the said Commons, as may appear necessary, should be appropriated for building a proper Workhouse thereon, for the Use of the said Parish of Richmond, and that They likewise intend to assist the said Parish in

completing

Googh

25 Geo. III. 140 Afrilis. 847

Completing the same; and that the Petitioners are the principal Persons having a Right of Common within the said Manor, and are extremely desirous that the Commons aforesaid, or Parts thereof, should be inclosed, and appropriated for the Purpose before mentioned, the said Commons having been productive of little or no Benefit to any Persons for a long Time past, as well from their Vicinity to the City of London, as from their limited Extent, and the uncultivated State in which they have been suffered to remain; and Alleging, that the Footway leading from the North Eud of the Town of Richmond to the Hamlet of Kcw, along the Side of the Gardens, now in the Occupation, and, for the most Part, the Property of His Majesty, known by the Name of Love Lane, is seldom frequented, and does not afford a nearer and better Communication with any other Town, for the Purposes of Trade, or mutual Convenience, than may be had either by the public Highway, called Kew Lane, or by the Footway and Towing Path on the Side of the River Thames, both of which were raised by His present Majesty, and are still maintained at His Expenqe, and have been so raised and made

food within these few Years past; and that the said ’ootway, for these Reasons, and in this Manner, neglected, and, being extremely dangerous, from its great Length and Privacy, affords a safe Retreat for idle and disorderly Persons, and is become a real Nuisance to the Inhabitants residing near it, and particularly inconvenient to His Majesty, whose Gardens it intersects and divides for upwards of a Mile, and, the Inclosure of the said Bye-way will not be attended with Inconvenience to any Persons whatsoever; and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe that His Majesty will cause the said Footway to be shut up and discontinued at His own Expence, and will also make good, and keep in Repair, a new Communication from the said Footway to the public High Road, So as to answer every good Purpose which the said Footway is capable of producing: And therefore praying, That full and proper Powers may be given by and enacted in the said Bill, as will enable Their Majesties to grant, for themselves and their Successors, and that the said Parishes of Richmond and Kew may be impowered to inclose and cultivate, so much of the said Two Commons of the said Manor before described, as may be granted to them respectively by Their Majesties, and to appropriate Part of the Ground, Garden, and Fields, on which the said Work-house is to be built, and the Poor supported; and that His Majesty may he enabled to shut up the Footway leading from Richmond to Kew, as before described, at such Points as shall appear proper, at each End, with a Provision to require the Possessors of the Lands, on both Sides the said Footway so to be shut up, to make good, and keep in Repair, a new Communication or Footway, at the Point on the Richmond Side, at which the former one was discontinued, to the public Highway, called Kew Lane, with such further Relief and Assistance in the Premises, as shall appear to the House fit and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ambler, the Lord Mahon, &c.: And they are to meet T.o-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of James Hunter Blair, Esquire, Lord Provost, and of John Grieve, Esquire, for themselves and the other Members of the Town Council of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for opening an easy V o l. 40.

and commodious Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country, Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty, on the North, and enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, for that Purpose, for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same, for rebuilding or improving the University, for enlarging the public Markets, and Communications thereto, for regulating certain Taxes, for lighting the said City, for providing an additional Supply of Water, and for extending the Royalty of the said City; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend it would be proper to enable the Trustees for the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh to levy and collect an additional Sum of One Shilling Sterling, Yearly, from all and every Person or Persons who shall possess a House, or House and Offices, within the Middle District of the said County, at or above tire Sum of £.15 Sterling of Yearly Rent: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Adam Fergusson, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants and principal Manufacturers of Broad Cloth, in the County of Gloucester, in Behalf of themselves and many Thousand others employed by them in the several Branches of the said Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a large and very extensive Capital is employed by the Petitioners, in the Manufacture of Broad Cloths, and the Support of the Inhabitants of that most populous Country depends, in a great Measure, on the Prosperity of this particular Branch of the Woollen Manufacture; and that the Petitioners have attended, with the utmost Anxiety, to the Propositions admitted by the Irish Parliament, and now lying before the House to be passed into a Law, as a final Regulation of Commerce between the Sister Kingdoms: Relying on the good Disposition of His Majesty’s Ministers, the Petitioners have hitherto rested in confident Assurance that such Modifications would have been admitted as aj-e es? sential to the Trading Interests of the Petitioners, and the Petitioners beg Leave to assure the House, that they have too high a Sense of the natural Rights of Men, to wish to lay any Restraints on their Irish Brethren, unworthy People living under a Government free as that which they themselves enjoy; and, the Petitioners, therefore, most readily admit, " That " it is highly important to the general Interests of " the Bj'itish Empire, that the Trade between Great Britain and Ireland be encouraged and extended as " much as possible, and, for that Purpose, that the " Intercourse and Commerce be finally settled' and " regulated on permanent and equitable Principle^, " for the mutual Benefit of both Cowries, but loaded as this Country is, with an enormous Debt, and heavy Taxes, they are apprehensive that the Advantages of cheap Provisions, low Wages, and, comparatively, no Taxes, will enable the Irish Manufacturer to undersell the English at almost every Market, and even our own: They conceive it to be the mutual Interests of both Kingdoms, that the proposed System of Commercial Intercourse should be founded on such Principles of Justice and real Equar lity, as may finally remove all Jealousy and Misunderstanding; and with the utmost Concern, therefore,

Commercial Intercourse. with Ireland.

Ayr Bridge.

Anm Navi* gatiun.

Supply Bill;

Exchequer

BUli.

Ditto.

848 I46 Aprilis. A. 1785.

they learn, from the Declaration of His Majesty’s Ordered That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Ministers, that the ultimate Decision of this impor- Lords, and desire their Concurrence, tant Question depends on the Facts of the specific

Propositions in their present unqualified State, which A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Ipswich, Propositions (however admissible as Preliminaries to others, of the County of Suffolk, was presented to *oads* a further Treaty) appeal* to the Petitioners, to be the House, and read; Setting forth. That, in pursu-much too crude and indefinite as a final Adjustment: ance of Leave given by the House, on the 4th Day And therefore praying, That the Propositions for re- of March last, Notice of the Application to Parlia-gulating the Trade with Ireland, now before the ment, for repairing the Road from Bulcamp, through House, may not pass into a Law, until their various Wangford, Wrent ham, Pakefield, and Loivestoft, to the Effects shall have been minutely investigated, and Turnpike Road at South Town, otherwise Little Yar-

well-grounded Objections obviated by just and mu- mouth, in the said County, instead of the Road from

tual Concessions, and the Petitioners (with due Sub- Bulcamp aforesaid, to Beccles, comprised in a Bill now mission to the more enlightened Judgment of the depending in the House, for amending and keeping House) humbly suggest, that permanent Accommoda- in Repair the Road leading from Ipszvich to Beccles, tion would be most effectually promoted by a Conference and from the Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Commissioners to be nominated by the respective -of Darsham, through Halesworth, to Bungay, in the Parliament of each Country, in full Confidence that the County of Suffolk, has been given at the last Easter House will adopt such Measures as will avert the im- Quarter Sessions for the said County, in such and the pending Danger. like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn-

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, pike Bills: And therefore praying, That Provision may

to whom it is referred to consider further of so much be made in the said Bill,* for amending and repairing the of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses said Road leading from Bulcamp, through Wangford, of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, Wrentham, Pakefield, and* Lowestoft, to the Turnpike as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial ’Inter- Road at South lawn, otherwise Little Yarmouth, afore-course between Great Britain and Ireland; said, instead of the said Road from Bulcamp to Beccles.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson be added to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a amine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall - Bill for re-building the Bridge across the River of Ayr, appear to them, to the House:

at the Town of Ayr. And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Mr. Grigby,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

An ingrossed Bill for amending and improving the at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Navigation of the River Amn, from Houghton Bridge, in and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Records.

Pallenham Wharf, in the Parish of Wisborough Green,

in the said County, and for continuing and extending the A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Navigation of the said River Arun, from the said Wharf, thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain Bridge, called other interested Persons, was presented to the House,

Newbridge, situate in the Parishes of Pullborottgh and and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by the Wisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex, was Votes, that Application is made for Leave to bring read the Third Time. in a Bill for inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ground, called Rothwell Haigh, in the West Riding be, An Act for amending and improving the Navi- of the County of York; and that the Petitioners are gation of the River Arun, from Houghton Bridge, in entitled to depasture upon the said Piece or Parcel the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to of Ground, Horses, Oxen, and other Cattle, during Pallenham WharJ, in the Parish of Wisborough Green, the Summer (that is to say) to put them in on Saint in the said County, and for continuing and extend- Helen's Day, and to take them forth on Michaelmas ing the Navigation of the said River Arun, from the Day, every Year, at a certain fixed Price, which is said Wharf, called Pallenham Wharf, to a certain very small and inconsiderable, and are otherwise greatly Bridge, called Newbridge, situate in the Parishes of interested in the same, and are apprehensive, that if Pullborough and Wisborough Green, in the said County such‘ Bill should pass into a Law, the Right, Estate, and of Sussex. Interest of the Petitioners and others, will be greatly

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzherbert do carry the Bill to prejudiced: And therefore praying, That their Petition the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. may be taken into Consideration; and that they may be

heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, Bill, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the.

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read Table, until a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer the Third Time. of the Petition of the Right honourable Charles Philip

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Lord Stourton. be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One A Petition of the Working Silk Weavers of Spital Comm thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five. Fields, and its Environs, was presented to the House, Intern

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are ex- wilh Ij Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ceedingly alarmed at the Resolutions which have

passed the Irish House of Commons, respecting the An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, Regulation of Trade and Commerce between this by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year Country and Ireland, now under Consideration of the One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read British Parliament, which, if passed into a Law, the the Third Time. Petitioners fear will be very injurious to the Silk Ma-

Resobced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title nufactories of this Kingdom, and more particularly be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by so, as the Articles made use of in preparing and Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year manufacturing the Silk Branch are cheaper in Ireland,

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five. and the Duty lsyd thereon much lower, by which

Means

25 Geo. Ill* Aprilis. §40

Means this Country will be overstocked with Irish Goods smuggled, and which the Petitioners conceive will prove destructive to their Trade; and Representing to the House, that, in Consequence of the very heavy Duty on Silk, the Petitioners Trade has* been in a very declining Situation for several Years, which, with the additional Duty on that Commodity last Session, has so lessened their Home Consumption, that, for Want of Employment, the Consequence is, Poverty and Distress are deluging like a Torrent the whole Trade, and, if the Irish Resolutions should pass into a Law, their Trade is irretrievably lost and ruined, and Emigration and Depopulation must be the dreadful Consequence, the only Alternative left to fly from the Iron Jaws of extreme Misery and Want; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to state to the House, that the Nature of their Business is such as obliges them to bear a greater Share of the Burthen of the State than many other Manufacturers, for, although their Wages are much lower than many other Mechanics, yet they are obliged to occupy Houses of greater Rent and Taxes, particularly in the Articles of Window and Candle Tax, which since the additional Duty laid on those Articles, together with the increasing Parochial Dues, particularly Poors Rates, occasioned by the great Decay of the Silk Trade, that Poverty and Distress pervade the Streets, whereby Numbers are daily obliged to have Recourse to the Relief of a Workhouse, or are obliged to leave their Native Country, and thereby depriving the Community of many useful Subjects, and furnishing Foreign Nations with Arts and Mysteries, which, in the End, may prove exceeding prejudicial to the Trade, Commerce, and Revenue of this Country: And therefore the Petitioners beg Leave to lay their Distresses before this august Assembly, the only Saviours that can revive their drooping Trade, humbly imploring, in Behalf of themselves, and Thousands yet unborn, That the intended Propositions respecting Ireland may not pass into a Law, to the Ruin of their Trade, and that a few of the Petitioners may be permitted td prove the Allegations of this Petition at the Bar of the House, and that they will adopt such Measures as they shall think most conducive for promoting and encouraging the British Manufacture in all its Branches, whereby Thousands of His Majesty’s loyal and dutiful Subjects (Numbers of whom have chearfully fought the Battles of their Country, and are ready to step forth, if Occasion shall require, to face the Enemies of their Native Land) will be relieved from the greatest Misery and Distress.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

Donnington Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according

upon Baine to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain

Inclosure. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Donnington upon Baine, in the County of Lincoln: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bedford The Lord Midleton reported from the Select Com-

Election. mittee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford; That the said Committee met this Morning, at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of

Yesterday, and George Dempstei\ Esquire (One of the Members of the said Select Committee) not attending, the Committee continued to sit for One Hour, and then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House being informed that Doctor James Carmichael Smyth, Physician Extraordinary to His Majesty* attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath as to the present State of Mr. Dempsters Health; and informed the House, that Mr. Dempster had been taken exceedingly ill, and was unable any longer to attend the said Committee.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said George Dempster, Esquire, be discharged from any further Attendance on the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do proceed, Tomorrow Morning, pursuant to jtheir Adjournment, in the Consideration of the said Petition, not* withstanding the Absence of the said George Dempster,

Esquire.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being Saitasfc again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to at- Election, tend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with d new List of the Names of the Thirteen' Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of John Pollexjtn Bastard, and John Strutt,

Esquires, being added, the same wras called over; and is as follows:

Dalhousie Weitherston, Esquire, Sir Philip Hales,

Baronet, the Honourable William Grimston, William Sot heron, Esquire, William Middleton, Esquire, William Jolliffe, Esquire, John William Egerton, Esquire,

Henry Beaufby, Esquire, Philip Metcalfe, Esquire,

John Galley Knight, Esquire, Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire, Thomas Samuel Jolliffe, Esquire, John Pollexfen Bastardy Esquire, John Strutt, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Right honourable Oebrge Gordon, commonly called Lord Strathaven, and John Curtis, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner*

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of Controverted Elections.

The Lord Midleton also reported from the Se- Bedford lect Committee, appointed to try and determine the Election Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew Committee-St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford; That he was directed, by the Committee, to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the House of Commons to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His. present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of " Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament."

The House w'as moved, That the said Act might be read.

And the same being read;

The Lord Midleton moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill 10 G to

Crickl&de

Election*

Election* — Conduct of Returning Officers.

850 14" Jprilis. 1785.

to citable the House of Commons to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the €i Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament:" And that the Lord Midleton and Sir James Erskine do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Sinking the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Fuo(1’ and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1785, of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1785, of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

1,

The Monies remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day<of April 1785, of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, amount to the Sum of Seven hundred and Two thousand Five hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny.

Exchequer, the 14th Day

of April 1785, John Hughson,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion made upon Monday last, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneage, and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of, the House, withdrawn.

And the Question, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Resolution, " That the Conduct " of the Returning Officer, in taking the Poll, and " making the Return, at the last Election of Mem-u bers to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was partial and 11 illegal, whereby a colourable Majority was obtained " on the Poll for Mr. Adamson and Mr. Core," being again proposed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to search the Journals of this House, touching the Usage of the House in Cases of Reports of Committees of Privileges or Elections, respecting the Conduct of Returning Officers; and to report the same tq the House.

And a Committee , was appointed of Mr. Wyndhm Grenville, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Johnston, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. JoUifft,

Mr. For, Mr. Martin, Mr Gascoyne, Mr. Neville, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Wilberfotce, Mr. Marsham, Mr. Eden,

Mr. Dundas, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Attorney General, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. James Grenville, Mr.

Rolle, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Sheridan, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Drake, Mr. Steele, Mr. Hunt, Sir William Dolben, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Brett, Mr, Eliot,

Mr. Powncy, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,. Mr. Buller, Mr. Aubrey, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Powys, Mr. Bearcroft, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Popham, Mr. Scott; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker* Chamber. (V

k]

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Control whole House, upon the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of na Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Neville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neville reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Neville accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed bim to report to thq House; and he read the Report

25 Geo. III. 14’ — \ 8st

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, under such the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Rules and Regulations as the House shall think Report was read. proper.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Said Ordered\ That the said Petition be referred to the Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be Consideration of a CommitteeAnd that they do exsufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further shall appear to them, to the House.

Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next. And it is referred to Mr. 1'Master, Mr. Berkeley,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Cham-Morning) Ten of the Clock. ber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and

Records.

Veneris, 15° die Aprilis;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItH Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

I Abingdoti A PETITION of the Grand Jury for the I Navigation. f\ County of Carmarthen, assembled at the Great

1 Sessions held at Carmarthen the 24th Day of March

1785: And also,

A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of Brecon, at the Great Sessions for the said County, held at Brecknock the 29th Day of March 1785, and other Gentlemen then and there assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Grand Jury for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, assembled at the Great

Sessions held at Carmarthen the 24th Day of March

1785:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, at some Place at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of Advantage to the said several Counties, and those adjacent: And therefore praying the House to permit the same to pass into a Law'.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time.

Cheltenham, A Petition of several acting Commissioners and fcc. Hoads. Mortgagees of the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, to Pewsdown Ash and Corn bend Beeches, and also, from a the Town of Cheltenham, to a certain Place in the

* Road from Tczvkesbury, in the same County, called

Piss’s Elm, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave given by the House, upon the 28th Day of February last, Notices were given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holclen for the County of Gloucester, and, by Advertisements in the Newspapers, called The Gloucester Journal, in the Month of March last, of Application having been made to Parliament for consolidating the said Turnpike Roads with certain other Roads intended to be made Turnpike Roads, upon the Terms mentioned in such Application: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, and to enlarge the Term mentioned in a certain Act, passed in the 14th Vol. 40.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill to Exeter Poor, render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, is committed, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ah Saint Mary Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watch- Magdalen, ing the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and p^g° SC^ Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, called The Waterside Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain Parts of and belonging to the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the County of Kent, within the said Waterside Division of the said Parish, therein mentioned; without any Amendment:

And also, #

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Uxbridge Act for taking down the present Market House, and Market certain other Buildings, in the Town of Uxbridge, for'1 ouse’ c# the Purpose of widening the High Street, and for paving the Footways, and lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercers Bridge and High Bridge, and for rebuilding the said Market House, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia, for defraying the Charge of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sunderland for the better Preservation und Improvement of the Port, &c. River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Meriden Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Inclosure. Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Meriden, in the County of Waiwick, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act Egleston for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Moors, IncIosure* Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Egleston, in the County of Durham; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Traders, and Commercial others, in the Burgh of Hamilton, was presented to

the

Frodington, &c. luclo-sure.

Lizard

Inclosure.

85a 15° Aprilis. 1785.

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been greatly and justly alarmed at the Resolutions lately passed in the Parliament of Ireland, respecting the proposed Commercial Treaty between that Country and Great Britain, now transmitted to the British Parliament for their Discussion and Approbation; Resolutions which at once appear to them to be partial, and no ways calculated to produce the Equality and Reciprocity which is held forth as the Basis for such a Treaty; and that the Petitioners are convinced, were these Resolutions to be adopted, and pass into a Law, most of the Manufactures of this Country must be greatly injured, if not entirely annihilated, and our Manufacturers and Traders be put to the disagreeable Necessity of transporting themselves to distant Climes, there to procure that Livelihood for their Families which cannot then be had at Home, to the certain Hurt of this Country, and of His Majesty’s Revenues; and that, before Ireland can be entitled to the many and important Advantages to be derived by them from these Resolutions passing into a Law, they must, in Reason and Equity, bear their Proportion of the Burthens and Taxes imposed upon the Manufacturers, Traders, and others, of Great Britaini, then will that Equality and Reciprocity take Place, which ought to be the Basis: And therefore most earnestly soliciting the House, That these Resolutions be not passed into a Law', at least that they shall be so altered and amended, that the Manufacturing Interests of this Country will not be in any Degree hurt or prejudiced thereby; and that Care will be had for securing the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, called Frodington, otherwise Frdddington, otherwise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common and Wastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Portsea, and County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, called Frodington, otherwise Frad-dington, otherwise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common and Wastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Portsea, and County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Jeixoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Pill for dividing and inclosing a certain Waste or Common, called Lizard Common, within the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w’ere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pemberton’* to enable William Pemberton, Esquire, and his first and N» other Sons, and their Issue, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Cludde, pursuant to the Will of Edward Cludde, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Hilly &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The House w’as moved, That the Order, made Bancroft upon Friday last, " That Leave be given to bring in D?lrg D " a Bill for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in C0Ve'7‘

" Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and As*

" signs, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying, staining, printing, and painting " certain valuable Colours, throughout His Majesty’s " Kingdom of Great Britain, for a limited Time," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying, staining, printing, and painting certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time: And that Mr. Edejiy the Lord Beauchamp, and Mr, Greville, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Loveden Loveden presented to the House, ac- St&tin cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Pro- 4c.Ca»L prietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal I

Navigation, to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the I

said Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone presented to the House, AyrB%. according to Order, a Bill for re-building the Bridge across the River of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr: And the same was received; and read the f irst Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that John Bettcsxcorth, Tregon? Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining olElttlioik an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Trt gony, in the County of Cornwall, desires to withdraw his said Petition;

And a Motion being made, That the said John Bettcsivorthy Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Ilughson, from pr,^i the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House; pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Michaelmas 1783 to Christmas Eve 1783, and from Michaelmas 1784 to Christmas Eve 1784; together with the Totals: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Christmas Eve 1783 to the 5th of April 1/84j and from Christmas Eve 1784 to the 5^ of April 1783:

And also,

An

Googh

aj Geo. III. *5° Apr ills, 855

An Account of the Produce of the several Taxes imposed by any Act of the last Session of Parliament, as far as the satne can be rtiade up; distinguishing the Produce of each Tax: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Several Taxes imposed by any Act passed in the Year 1783, as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing the Produce of each Tax.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts w*ere read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

mina- The House being informed that Mr. Cottrell, Onfe 1 before of Clerks of the Privy Council, attended at the 3C1' Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Dates of the Days when the several Manufacturers were examined before the Lords of the Committee of Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

n and A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen in* of the Borough and Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, Justices of the Peace of and for the said Borough, assembled at the General Quarter Session of the Peace, held by Adjournment, iii and for the said Borough, and the Liberties thereof, at the Guildhall there, on Monday the lith Day of April 1785, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining; amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and " ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn " and Grain, within several Ports and Places therein ic mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are apprehensive that the said Bill will greatly discourage Agriculture, and be very injurious to the Landed Interest of this Kingdom, and to the County of Norfolk in particular: And therefore praying, That the same may not pas9 into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Jbrdshire, A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal. Stourbridge Navigation, wa,s presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Canal, from or near Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and Two Collateral Cuts, the one from a Place called The Fens, upon Pensnct Chace, and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, as therein mentioned, and to raise the Sum of £. 30,000, for the Purpose of carrying the said Act into Execution, and, by another Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to raise the further Sum of ' 10,000, for the Purpose of completing the said

Undertaking; and that the Petitioners, irr‘pursuance

Vo l. 40.

of the said fifst-mefttionied Act, madfc fend completed Staffordshire, die said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the same have been rendered navigable for more than Five Years lfefet past; fend that the Petitioners have raised the Sum df £. 37,500 by Calls upon the Proprietors, which hath been expended in making and completing the said Navigation, together with all the Income and Profits arising therefrom, amounting to several Thou-? sand Pounds, and the Petitioners have riot received any Dividends, or Return, for their Monies so advanced, and expended in the said Undertaking; and that, by a Clause in the said first-mentioned Act, the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire fend TVor-cest&'shii'e Canal Navigation Were authorized to impose a Tonnage upon all Coals brought down the said Stourbridge Navigation, and which should be navigated upon the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, not exceeding Two Pence a Ton' per Mile, instead of One Penny Halfpenny a Ton per Mile, which they were before authorized to take on all Coals and Merchandize navigated on their said Canal, and the said last mentioned Company were! also authorized to lessen and reduce the Tolls, Rates; fend Duties, upon any Part of their said Canal, and for any Distance they should think fit, provided such Reduction was made with the Consent of the major Part of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of art Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for making the Said Staffordshire and I Forces ter shire Caiial Navigation, assembled for that Purpose, of which Assembly Twertty-one Days Notice, at least, is required to be given in One of the Birmingham Newspapers, and that there be Twenty-One Commissioners, at least, present at such Meeting; and that such additional Tonnage on Coals brought down the Stourbridge Canal, into the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, w*as submitted to by the Petitioners, on Account of the Collieries lying on the Stourbridge Canal being nearer the Severn Market than the Bilston, Cose Icy and Tipton Collieries, and navigating a less Distance on the said Staffoi'dshire and Worcestershire Canal, but under an express Agreement in Writing, on the Part of the Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, that the Pow er of lessening and reducing such Tonnage, as well as the Tonnage on all other Coals navigated upon the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, should be placed by the Legislature under the Controul of Commissioners, whose Qualification is £. 100 a Year Real Estate, in order to prevent any Partiality or Injustice being exercised, by the said Staffo?'dshire and Worcestershire Canal Company, in Favour of any particular -Collieries from which Coals might be sent on their said Canal, in Prejudice to other Collieries navigating ort the said Canal, the Petitioners being well satisfied that, so long as such Power of Reduction remained under the Controul of the Commissioners, the Petitioners, and the other Persons interested therein, would at all Times be safe in the Exercise thereof; and that, as soon as the said Stourbridge Canfel became navigable, the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Forcestershire Canal, on their own Authority, and without calling in the said Commissioners, in direct Violation of the said Clause and Agreement, took upon themselves to reduce the Tonnage upon all Coals navigated on the said Canal, except what came down the Stourbridge Canal], at the sfeme Time that they imposed and collected the full Duty of Two Pence a Ton per Mile on all Coals navigated from the said Stourbridge Canal, into the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and that aftenvafds, at a Meeting held the1 21st Day of March 1780, a* Reduction was made, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, of One Penny a Ton per Mile, on all Coals navigated on the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, from the Distance of Sixty Yards ftofo the East 10 II Wing

Staffordshire

&c. Cso&L

854 150 Apriiis. 1785.

Wing Wall of the River Stour Aqueduct, near Stour-ton, in the County of Stafford, for the Space of Eight Miles towards the Junction of the said Canal with the Birmingham Canal, and which w as to continue for the Term of Two Years, and no longer; and that such Reduction of Tonnage was made in Favour of the Bilston, Cosclcy, and Tipton Collieries, from an Apprehension that such Collieries, without such Allowance in their Favour, would not be able to send down Coals, as theretofore, to the Severn Market, and that the Collieries on the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals would engross that Part of the Coal Trade, but such Reduction was then expressly made for a limited Time only, in order that proper Relief might be given to such of the Parties who found themselves aggrieved at the Expiration of such Term; and that such Reduction of Tonnage, so made in Favour of Coals sent from the Bilston, Coseley, and Tipton Collieries, with the additional Tonnage imposed by the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Company, on all Coals coming down the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, operated so far in Prejudice of the Collieries lying on the said last mentioned Canals, as, in Effect, to exclude them from a Competition with the Bilston, Coseley, and Tip-ton Coals, in the Severn Market; and that, at a subsequent Meeting of the said Commissioners, holden on the 19th Day of March 1782, pursuant to public Advertisement, an Order, or Proposal, having been laid before them, by the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Car.al Company, to continue the said Reduction of Tonnage upon Coals navigated on the said Canal, within the Distance specified in their former Order, the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting, after having duly weighed and considered the same, did, by a Resolution, or Declaration in Writing, signify their Dissent thereto, and reject the same accordingly, which said Resolution, or Declaration, was signed by Fifty-four Commissioners, being a very large Majority of the Commissioners present at such Meeting; and that, in Consequence of such last mentioned Resolution of the said Commissioners, the Tonnage upon Coals navigated on the said Staffoi'dshire and Worcestershire Canal hath ever since remained upon the Footing the same was originally placed by the Legislature, and the different Collieries, which send Coals down the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, have been enabled to bring their Coals to Market without Prejudice to each other, and the Public and the Petitioners have been benefited thereby; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House from the said Company of Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them, without the Interposition of Commissioners, to lowTer and regulate the Tonnage upon their Navigation, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner as they should, from Time to Time, see necessary; and, if such Bill should pass into a Law, it would be in the Power of the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal to lower the Tonnage partially upon Coals sent down their Ganal, from the Bilston, Coseley, and Tipton Collieries, so as totally to exclude Coals being sent from the Collieries on the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, and the Controul of the Commissioners interposed by the Legislature, under the express Agreement of the Parties, to prevent any such Partiality or Injustice, would be taken away, by Means whereof the great Object of the Petitioners, in making the said Stourbridge Navigation, in order to bring Coals into the Severn Market, would be defeated, and the Petitioners will be obliged to sit down, after having sunk upwards of £.50,000 in such Undertaking, with the Prospect of very little, if any, Return therefrom, whilst the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal are receiving very large and regular

Dividends from their said Undertaking, and the Owners and Proprietors of Mines lying on the said Stourbridge and Dudley Canals will be greatly injured, and the Public lose the Benefit of being supplied with Coals therefrom: And therefore praying the

House to take thq Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worccstei'shire Canal Navigation to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Middlesex a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Sessions. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impowder the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Nezvgate, for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Nezvgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term and Sitting of the King s Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an ScottsDyki Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Road* present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scotts Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Douglas, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjoum-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. ment.

Sir James Erskine presented to the House, according Bedford to Order, a Bill to enable the House of Commons to Election authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try and CommIt* determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in " ParliamentAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Scotch last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation Distill*

of

Supply*

Leave of Absence.

British

Fisheries.

Ways and Means.

25 Geo. III. is? Aprilis855

of Com Spirits in small Stills; in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences to Persons, living in the said Counties or Districts, to distil Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mandat/ Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred, and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1783 to the 24th of December 1784, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose also acquainted the House, That he was' directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Chai'les Gould have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, for the Recovery of his Health.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encou-

ragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in " Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said " Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the " Fishing Season."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hopkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 40.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Commercial whole House, to consider further of so much of His Intercourse Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Par- Wllh lre aud‘ liament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the' Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Petition of the Manufactu* rers and Dealers in British Manufactures of the City of London, and other Cities and Towns of Great Britain, whose Names are thereunder written; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself intQ a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so muck of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the Lord Maitland have Leave to Edinburgh make a Motion, it being near Eleven of the Clock. Clt^’

And he moved the House accordingly, and presented to the House,

A Petition of William Moffat, of Threepwood,

Esquire.

And the said Petition was read; Taking Notice of the Bill for opening an easy and commodious Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas for that Purpose, for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same, for rebuilding or improving the University, for enlarging the public Markets and Communications thereto, for regulating certain Taxes, for lighting the said City, for providing an additional Supply of Water, and for extending the Royalty of the said City; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Proprietor of Tenements and Subjects affected by the said Bill, and conceives himself highly aggrieved by sundry Clauses in the said Bill, more particularly the Petitioner conceives, that his Tenements and Subjects ought not to be comprehended therein, as not falling within the Space necessary or requisite for any of the Purposes contained in the Bill, and can only be introduced for raising a Fund for the Emolument and Profit of the City of Edinburgh, at the Expence of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be allowed to be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Clauses of the said Bill as affect the Petitioner, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upoa his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said . Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

18° Aprilis.

A. 1785.

Luntc, 18* die Aprilis;

Auno 250 Georgii III*" Regis, 1785. Praters.

Wykehani, A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys

&c. and Mr. Thomson:

Inclosure. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Wykeham and Ruston, in the Manor of Wykeham, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Gibraltar A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Rose Fuller, and John

Prize Money. Bowman, Esquires, Agents for the Gibraltar Head Money and Prize Money, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for authorizing the Prize Agents, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing the said Garrison all such Sums, as shall remain or come to their Hands, of the Bounty allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War; and Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Agent, or Agents, to be appointed by the Officers of the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the Bounty Money therein mentioned, and, the Petitioners have been legally appointed Attornies and Agents for receiving such Bounty Money, and have received Bills on the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy for the same, agreeable to the Directions of the said Act, and they have also received Money for the Value of the Ship Saint Miguel find Stores, and also for a certain Quantity of Stores delivered into His Majesty’s Storehouses at Gibraltar, for all which Monies, and for such other Monies as they may hereafter receive on Account of the said Garrison and Naval Department, the Petitioners are ready to account to the Parties entitled thereto, upon the shortest Notice; and that, in paying the Money so by them received as aforesaid to the Officers and Men entitled thereto, the Petitioners have pursued the usual Practice and Course of Payment which has been established many Years in paying Navy Prize Money, and have regularly paid all such Persons as have been able to ascertain their Claims; and that the Petitioners have never heard of any reasonable Complaints of their Conduct in the transacting of this Business, and therefore are greatly surprized and concerned to find it is alledged in the said Bill, that great Inconveniencies and Difficulties have arisen in the Mode of Payment of the said Bounty Money by the Petitioners, on account of their limiting their Attendance to the First Friday in every Month, and that such Inconveniencies and Difficulties might be obviated, if the said Bounty Money and Prize Money were to be paid by the Regimental or other Agents, to the different Corps belonging to the said Garrison, who are or may be in constant Attendance; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to assure the House, that, so far from limiting their Attendance to the First Friday in every Month, as is alledged in the said Bill, they have given almost a regular Daily Attendance at their Offices for paying the said Bounty Money; and that, as the Petitioners are not conscious of having acted in any Manner contrary to the Trust reposed in them by the Persons by whom they have been legally appointed Attornies and Agents as aforesaid, they hope they shall not be divested

of that Trust until it shall have been proved to the House, that they have abused it, as the same would convey to the Public a Reflection upon their Conduct and Characters, And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration; and that they may be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and in Justification of their Conduct and Characters, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That die said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if the^ think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second TinJe upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Clive reported from the Committee, to whom Bishop’s the Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed by Castle, &c. virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth 1*oads* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending and widening several Roads u leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from tc Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at TVestbury, and " from Brocton to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley,

(( in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery," and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. James Matthews being examined, said, That there is now owing, on the Shropshire Division of the Roads, the Sum of £3,600. And

Mr. Charles Gardner Humphreys being examined, said, That there is now due, on the Montgomery Division of the said Roads, the Sum of £.1,800. — And both Witnesses being further examined, said, That the Roads cannot be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the said Act is amended, some of the Exemptions repealed, and some further Powers given to the Trustees, and the Term of the Act be enlarged.

— That the several new Roads described in the said Petition are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be* effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be of great Benefit to all Persons having Occasion to make use-of the said Roads, if the Repair thereof were put under the Direction of the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution.

Mr. Matthews being further examined, said, That about Three Miles of Road, near Longden, in the said County of Salop, directed to be repaired by the said Act, might be better repaired if the same was put under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty^ for repairing several Roads leading from or near to the Town of Shrewsbury: and that he had applied to the Acting Trustees for the Care of these Roads, and also to all the Creditors under that Act, who are consenting thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging $ 'tho

5 Geo. III. 18° Aprilis. 857

the Powers, of an Act* made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brocton to the Turn Dike Road at Min-sterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomeiy; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near the Foul Lane End Turnpike at Bishop's Castle, to Nor bury, and from the said Foul Lane End Turnpike, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bishops Castle to Ludlow, and from Clun to Naoton Green, and from the Red House, in the Parish of Lydbury North, to the Turnpike Road leading from Clun to Newton Green, and from Clungunford to Lingen Bridge, and from Montgomery to Kerry, and from Montgomery to Brynyderzven, and from The Blue Bell, in the Parish of Churchstoke, to the Farm in the Parish of Kerry, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery: And that Mr. Clive and Sir George Comewall do pre* pare, and bring in, the same.

Wigton, &c„ Mr. Annesley, from the Select Committee, who were fetation. appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of George Johnstone, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of IVigton, Whithorn, New Galloway, and Stranrawer, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Dalrymple, Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Wigton, Whithorn, New Galloway, and Stranrawer.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Kirkwall, Mr. Phelips, from the Select Committee, who were so.Etection. appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petitions of John Sinclair, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Ding-wall, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Charles James For is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch, Tain, and Dingwall.

And the said Determination was ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Reading A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Streets. thereunto subscribed, being Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the County of Os ford, on Behalf of themselves and many other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find a Bill has been lately brought into the House, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets of Reading, in which there is a Clause impowering the Commissioners therein to be named to erect a Turnpike Gate, or Bar, upon every Public Carnage and Horse Road leading into the said Town, and at such other Places, within One Mile thereof, as they shall judge proper, and to take certain Tolls thereat at particular Times, which, together, make a very considerable Part of the Year; and that, in an Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from Reading, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and through other Places in the said Act mentioned, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford, is a Proviso which declares, that nothing therein contained shall extend to impower the said Trustees to erect or set up any Gate or Turnpike within Three Miles of the said Town of Reading, or on or across Sonning Bridge; and Alledging, That, about Nine Years ago, it was judged proper to raise Vol. 40.

and repair Part of the Public Carriage Road between the End of Fryer Street, in Reading, to Caversham Bridge, in the said County of Oxford, at which Spot the said Turnpike Road from Reading to Hatfield commences, and many of the Petitioners, concluding the y were secure from any Toll by Means of the above-mentioned Proviso, largely contributed, some their Money, and others the Labour of their Teams and Servants, towards raising and repairing the said Road, and therefore trust that the House will not suffer them and the Public to be burthened with a Toll not applicable to the Repairs of the said Road, and which Road many of them voluntarily and largely contributed towards the making: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such Part of the said Bill as gives Power to the Commissioners to erect such Turnpike Gates, or Bars, and to take Toll thereat, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks$ for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates Tunstead, in the Parish of North Walsham, in the County of &c. Pour. Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Timstcad and Happing, in the County of Norfolk; arnd Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having taken this Matter into serious Consideration, and in their present Situation, with a large commodious House lately built, at a great Expence, for the better Maintenance of the Poor within the said Parish, and from which every reasonable and desirable Expectation may be formed, ao conceive that their being included in the said Bill will be materially injurious to them: And therefore praying,

That a Clause may be inserted to exclude the Town of North Walsham.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to lpswieb,&c. w’hom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Roads, and others, of the County of Suffolk, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Peter Jermyn being examined, said, That in pursuance of Leave given by this House, on the Fourth Day of March last, Notice of the Application to Parliament for repairing the Road from Bulcamp through Wang ford, Wrentham, Pakefield, and Lowestoft, to the Turnpike Road at South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, in the said County, instead of the Road from Bulcamp aforesaid to Beccles, comprized in a Bill now depending in this House, hath been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions for the said County, in such Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And he produced to your Committee a Copy of the said Notice.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Rond leading from Ipsu'ich to Beccles, and from the said* Road to Beech Lane, in the Parish of

10 I Darsham,

Upper Clat ford, &c. Inclosure.

Kdinburgh

City.

Bridport

Market

House.

858 18° Aprilis. A. 1785.

Darsham, through Halestoorth, to Bungay, in the Fair Days, together with an additional Toll on the County of Suffolk, is committed, That they have Power several Stalls and Standings erected on Market Days, to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending, and and Fair Days, will create a proper Fund for defraykeeping in Repair, the Road leading from Bulcamp ing Part of the said Expence: And therefore praying* through Wangford\ Wrcntham, Pakcjicld\ and Lowes- That Provision may be made in the Bill for laying on toft, to the Turnpike Road at South Town, otherwise such Tolls, and for the Application of them in Aid of . Little Yarmouth, in the said County, instead of the a Rate on the Inhabitants of the said Town, under /

Road from Bulcamp to Beccles aforesaid. such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meets

and that it will be an additional Convenience and . Mr. Thistlethxcayte presented to the House, accord- Safety to the Inhabitants and Persons resorting to the ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Town, if Power was given to remove Nuisances,

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, and to prevent and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of the like for the future, and to restrain the Inhabitants Upper Clatford, in the County of Southampton: And and other Persons from roofing any future Buildings the same was received; and read the First Time. in the said Town with Thatch: And therefore also

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. preying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for

those Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Edmonstone do make Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Report from the Committee, to whom the Peti- Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition ' tion of James Hunter Blair, Esquire, Lord Provost, of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of and of John Grieve, Esquire, for themselves and the the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, is other Members of the Town Council of the City of referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Edinburgh, was referred. Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to

Sir Archibald Edmonstone accordingly reported from them, to the House, the said Committee, That the Committee had exa-. mined the Matter of the said Petition; which they A Bill for better watching* lighting, and cleansing St.Catherim had directed to be reported to the House; and he read such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catherine, near the Middlesex, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, as are StrC€te* in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; not included in the Provisions of certain Acts, passed and is as followeth; viz. in the Seventh and Ninth Years of His present Majesty’s

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Reign, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances Walter Ross being examined, said, That in order to therein, was read a Second Time, enable the Trustees of the High Roads in the County Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder-of Edinburgh effectually to repair such of the Streets or man Wilkes, Mr. Mainwaring, See: And they are to Roads, as lie within the Middle District of the said meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the County, it will be proper to enable them to collect an Speakers Chamber, additional Sum Yearly upon the said District, over and

above what is now levied by Law on Account of the Mr. Hwigerford presented to the House, according to Osgathorp Statute Labour, such Sum to be applied for the Pur- Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Inclosure, pose of repairing the said Streets or Roads. Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waste

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Commit- Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgathorpe, tee, to whom the Bill for opening an easy and comtno- in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; dious Communication from the High Street of Edin- and read the First Time.

burgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the

North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, The House being informed that the Electors of Newtown Houses, and Areas, for that Purpose, for widening the Borough of Newtown, otherwise Frankville, in the IsleofWij and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, who have Election. Avenues leading to the same, for re-building or im- petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election proving the University, for enlarging the public Mar- and Return for the said Borough, desire to withdraw kets and Communications thereto, for regulating cer- their said Petition;

tain Taxes, for lighting the said City, for providing And a Motion being made, That the said Electors an additional Supply of Water, and for extending the have Leave to withdraw* their said Petition;

Royalty of the said City, is committed, That they have Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion *

Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for enabling the be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Trustees of the Middle District of the High Roads

in the County of Edinburgh to collect an additional Lord Geoi'ge Ctrcendish reported from the Commit- Aahbon Yearly Sum upon the said District, over and above tee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees Road, what is now levied by Law on Account of the Statute appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Labour, for the Purpose of repairing the Streets or Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

Roads in the said District. " An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal " Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridport, in the County u and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place called of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; " Opancood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley,

Setting forth, That Application hath been made to " in the County of Derby," was referred; That the the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for removing Committee had examined, and found that the Standing the Shambles, or Butcher Row, erecting a Market Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774,

House, and enlarging the Market Place, in the said relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with;

Borough of Bridport, and likewise for paving, light- and that the Committee had examined the Matter of ing, and watching the Streets in the said Town; and the said Petition; and had directed him to report the Alledging, That the effecting the several Objects of same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he the said Petition will be attended with a considerable read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Expence, and it is conceived that an additional Toll it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was readj at the principal Avenues of the Town on Sundays and and is as followeth; viz*

1

\Vimborne

Minster.

Earl of

Leicester's

Estates.

Staffordshire, &c. Canal.

25 Geo. III.

18° Apr.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Goodwin being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof and borrowed the Sum of £3,800 upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due; and that unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be further continued* and some Amendments made thereto for the Appointment of additional Trustees, the said Road cannot be kept in Repair, nor the Money owing be repaid* for which the Tolls are but a very small Security.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing " the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of 4t Dei'by, over Betpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike " Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or ts near a Place called Opetiwood Gate, and from Bcl-i€ par Bridge to Ripley, in the County of DerbyAnd that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare* and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bankes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Common Meadows, and for draining and improving certain Common Moors within the Parish of Wimborne Minster, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Kent and Somerset, and in the City of London, devised by the Will of Thomas late Earl of Leicester, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, situate in the County of NorfoUc, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to make a Navigable Canal, within and from certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, situate at Nether ton, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Black Dclph, upon Pensnet Chace, there to join and communicate with the Stourbridge Canal Navigation; and that the Petitioners, in pursuance of the said Act, have made and completed the said Canal, and the same hath been rendered navigable for more than Five Years last past, and the Petitioners have expended, in the said Undertaking, £. 9,000, and upwards, as well as the whole Income and Profits arising therefrom, amounting to the further Sum of £ 1,800, and upwards, and have not received any Dividends, or Return, for the Monies so laid out by them; and that the great Object

Vol. 40.

of the Petitioners, ill making the said Canal, was to convey Coals from the Collieries lying on and near to the Course thereof into the Severn Market, for the better Supply of the several Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, and Warwick; and that, by a Clause in the Act for making the said Stourbridge Canal Navigation, the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal were authorized to impose a Tonnage upon all Coals brought down the said Stourbridge Navigation, and which should be navigated upon the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, not exceeding Two Pence a Ton per Mile, instead of One Penny Halfpenny a Ton per Mile, which they were before authorized to take on all Coals and Merchandize navigated on their said Canal, and the said last mentioned Company were also authorized to lessen and reduce the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, upon any Part of their said Canal, and for any Distance they should think fit, provided such Reduction w as made with the Consent of the major Part of the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act* passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for making the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation* assembled for that Purpose, of which Assembly Twenty-one Days Notice, at least, is required to be given in One of the Birmingham Newspapers, and that there be Twenty-one Commissioners, at least, present at such Meeting; and that such additional Tonnage on Coals, brought ,down the Stourbridge Canal into the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, was imposed on Account of the Collieries lying on the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals being nearer the Severn Market than the Bilston, Coseley, and Tipton Collieries, and navigating a less Distance on the Stuff fordshire and Worcestershire Canal, but under an express Agreement that the Power of lessening and reducing such Tonnage, as well as the Tonnage on ail other Coals navigated upon the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, should be placed by the Legislature under the Controul of Commissioners, whose Qualification is £.100 a Year Real Estate, in order to prevent any Partiality or Injustice being exercised, by the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Company, in Favoifr of any particular Collieries from which Coals might be sent on their said Canal, in Prejudice to other Collieries navigating on the same Canal; and that* as soon as the said Stourbridge and Dudley Canals became navigable, the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, on their own Authority, and without calling in the said Commissioners, in direct Violation of the said Clause, took upon themselves to reduce the Tonnage upon all Coals navigated on their said Canal, except what came down the Stourbridge Canal, at the same Time that they imposed and collected the full Duty of Two Pence a Ton per Mile on all Coals navigated from the said Stourbridge and Dudley Canals into the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and that afterwards, at a Meeting held the 21st Day of March 1780, a Reduction was made, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, of One Penny a Ton per Mile, on all. Coals navigated on the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, from the Distance of Sixty Yards from the East Wing Wall of the River Stour Aqueduct, near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, for the Space, of Eight Miles towards the Junction of the said Canal with the Birmingham Canal, and which was to continue for the Term of Two Years, and no longer; and that such Reduction of Tonnage was made in Favour of the Bilston, Coseley, and Tipton Collieries, from an Apprehension that such Collieries, without such Allowance in their Favour, would not be able to send down Coals, as theretofore, to the Severn Market, and that the Collieries on the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals would engross that Part of the Coal

Staffordshire, &c. Canal.

S6o 18° Aprilis. A, 1785.

Staffordshire, Trade, but such Reduction was then expressly made for &c. Canal* a limited Time only, in order that proper Relief might be given to such of the Parties who found themselves aggrieved at the Expiration of such Term; and that such Reduction of Tonnage so made in Favour of Coals sent from the said Bilston, Cosclcy, and Tip* ton Collieries, with the additional Tonnage imposed by the said Staff ordshire and Worcestershire Canal Company on all Coals coming down the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, operated so far, in Prejudice of the Collieries lying on the said Dudley Canal, as, in Effect, to exclude them from a Competition with the Bilston, Cose ley, and Tipton Coals, in the Severn Market; and that, at a subsequent Meeting of the said Commissioners, holden on the 19th Day of March 1782, pursuant to public Advertisement, an Order or Proposal having been laid before them, by the said Staffordshire and Worcester shire Canal Company, to continue* the said Reduction of Tonnage upon Coals navigated on their said Canal within the Distance specified in their former Order, the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting, after having duly weighed and considered the same, did, by a Resolution, or Declaration, in Writing, signify their Dissent thereto, and reject the same accordingly, which said Resolution, or Declaration, was signed by Fifty-four Commissioners, being a very large Majority of the Commissioners present at such Meeting; and that, in Consequence of such last mentioned Resolution of the said Commissioners, the Tonnage upon Coals navigated on the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal hath ever since remained upon the Footing the same was originally placed by the Legislature, and the different Collieries, which send Coals down the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, have been enabled to bring their Coals to Market without Prejudice to each other, and the Public and the Petitioners have been benefited thereby; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House from the said Company of Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them, without the Interposition of Commissioners, to lower and regulate, the Tonnage upon their Navigation, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner as they should, from Time to Time, see necessary, and, if such Bill should pass into a Law, it would be in the Power of the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal to lower the Tonnage partially upon Coals sent down their Canal from the Bilston, Coseley, and Tipton Collieries, so as totally to exclude Coals being sent from the Collieries on the Dudley Canal, and the Controul of the Commissioners interposed by the Legislature, to prevent any such Partiality or Injustice, would be taken away, by Means whereof, the great Object of the Petitioners in making the said Dudley Canal, in order to bring Coals into the Severn Market, would be defeated, and the Petitioners will be obliged to sit down, after having sunk upwards of £. 10,800 in such Undertaking, with the Prospect of very little, if any, Return therefrom, whilst the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal are receiving very large and regular Dividends from their said Undertaking, and the Owners and Proprietors of Mines lying on the said Dudley Canal will be greatly injured, and the Public lose the Benefit of being supplied with Coals therefrom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Coal Mines lying within, the

Parishes of Kingsrvinford and Dudley, in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester, respectively, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner, the said John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, is the Owner of very large and extensive Coal Mines, and the other Petitioners are also Owners and Proprietors of very considerable Coal Mines, situate within the said respective Parishes, and upon which Collieries have been planted, at the Expence of many Thousand Pounds, on and near to the Line of the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, and very large Quantities of Coals have, since the making of the said Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, been raised at such Collieries, and sent down the said last mentioned Canals into the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, for the Supply of the Severn Market, and the adjacent Country; and that, previous to the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal being opened, the Forges and Iron Works on the River Stour, the Salt Works at Droitwich, and a very considerable Part of the County of Worcester, were supplied with Coals from the Collieries situate within the said Parishes, and, by Means of a Communication between the said* Stafford* shire and Worcestershire Canal, and the Birmingham Canal, the Collieries lying on the said last mentioned Canal, which before never had any Intercourse wife, or. Access to, the above Markets, were enabled to send their Coals into the same by Water Carriage, and the Petitioners were almost totally excluded therefrom, and their Mines became greatly reduced in Value; and that Two several Acts, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one for making a Navigable Canal from or near die Town of Stourbridge, to join the said Staffordshire mi Worcestershire Canal at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, and Two Collateral Cuts, as therein mentioned, and the other for making a like Navigable Canal from the Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Es-. quire, situate at Netherton, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join the said Stourbridge Navigation at a Place called Black Delph, in the Pa* rish of Kingmmford, in the County of Stafford, which said Canals have been since completed, and the same communicate with the Coal Mines belonging to the Petitioners, as well as the Coal Mines of several other Persons situate within the said Parishes of Kingmn-ford’ and Dudley, and the Petitioners have been thereby restored to a Participation of those Markets which they had before furnished, and the Public have now the Advantage of being more amply supplied with Coals; and that at the Time the said Act was obtained for making the said Stourbridge Navigation, a Clause was inserted therein, enabling the Proprietor of the said Staffordshire and Worcestei'shire Canal to, impose a Tonnage, not exceeding Two Pence a Ton per Mile, on all Coals sent down the Stourbridge Canal, and navigated upon the said Staffordshire ?n\& Worcestershire Canal, instead of the Tonnage of One Penny Halfpenny a Ton per Mile, which they were before only authorized to take on all Coals navigated on their said Canal, and the said last mentioned Company were impowered to lessen and reduce the Tolls, Rates, and Duties, upon any Part of their said Canal, and for any Distance they should think fit, provided such Reduction be made with the Consent of the major Part of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for making the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire^ Canal Navigation, assembled for that Purpose, of which Assembly Twenty-one Days Notice, at least, is required to be given in One of the Birmingham Newspapers, and that there be Twenty-one Commissioners, at least, present at such Meeting; and that such additional Tonnage on Coals, brought down the said Stourbridge Canal into the^suid Staffordshire and

iVorcestenliirt

25 Geo. III. i8° Aprilis\ 861

Worcestershire Canal, was imposed on Account of the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge lying nearer the Severn Market than the Collieries on the said Birmingham Canal, and navigating a less Distance on the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and the Power of lessening and reducing such Tonnage, as well as the Tonnage on all other Coals navigated upon the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, was placed by the Legislature under the Controul of Commissioners, whose Qualification is £. 100 a Year Real Estate, and who were deemed the proper Judges to decide between the different Parties interested in such Reduction, and the Public, in order to prevent any Partiality or Injustice being exercised by the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Company, in Favour of any particular Collieries from which Coals might be sent on their Canal, in Prejudice to other Collieries navigating on the same Canal; and that, as soon as the said Stourbridge Canal became navigable, the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and JVoixestershire Canal, on their own Authority, and without calling in the said Commissioners, in direct Violation of the said Clause, took upon themselves to reduce the Tonnage on all Coals navigated upon the said Canal, except what cape down the said Stourbridge Canal, at the same Time that they imposed and collected the full Duty of Two Pence a Ton per Mile on all Coals navigated from the said Stourbridge Canal into the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and that afterwards, at a Meeting, held the 21st Day of March 1780, a Reduction was made, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, of One Penny a Ton per Mile on all Coals navigated on the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, from the Distance of Sixty Yards from the East Wing Wall of the River Stour Aqueduct, near Stourton, in the County of Stafford, for the Space of Eight Miles towards the Junction of the said Canal with the Birmingham Canal, and which was to continue for Two Years, and no longer; and that such Reduction of Tonnage was made in Favour of the Collieries lying on the said Birmingham Canal, from an Apprehension that such Collieries, without such Allowance in their Favour, would not be able to send down Coals as theretofore to the Severn Market, and that the Collieries on the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals would engross that Part of the Coal Trade, but such Reduction was then expressly made for a limited Time only, in order that proper Relief might be given to such of the Parties who found themselves aggrieved at the Expiration of such Term; and that such Reduction of Tonnage, with the additional Tonnage imposed by the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Company on all Coals coming down the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, operated so far in Prejudice of the Collieries lying on the said last mentioned Canals, as, in Effect, to exclude them from a Competition in the Severn Market with the Collieries on the said Birmingham Canal; and that, at a subsequent Meeting of the said Commissioners, holden on the 19th Day of March 1782, pursuant to public Advertisement, an Order or Proposal having been laid before them by the said Staffordshire and JWorcestershire Canal Company, to continue the said Reduction of Tonnage upon Coals navigated on their said Canal, within the Distance specified in their former Order, the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting, after having duly weighed and considered the same, did, by a Resolution or Declaration in Writing, signify their Dissent thereto, and reject the same accordingly, which said Resolution or Declaration was signed by Fifty-four Commissioners, being a very large Majority of the Commissioners present at such Meeting; and that, in Consequence of such last mentioned Resolution of the said Commissioners, the Tonnage upon Coals navigated on the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal l*ath ever since remained upon the Footing the same Voi~ 40.

was originally placed by the Legislature, and the dif- Staffordshire ferent Collieries which send Coals down the said Staff- &c* Canal. fordshire and Worcestershire Canal have been enabled to bring the ir* Coals to Market without Prejudice to each other, and the Public and the Petitioners have been benefited thereby; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House by the said Company of Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them, without the Interposition of Commissioners, to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon their Navigation, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner as they should, from Time to Time, see necessary, and, if such Bill should pass into a Law, it would be in the Power of the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, by their own mere Act, and without the Interposition and Consent of the Commissioners, to lower the Tonnage partially on Coals sent down their said Canal from the Collieries lying on the said Birmingham Canal, so as totally to exclude and prevent Coals being sent from the Collieries lying on and near to the said Stourbridge and Dudley Canals,' which would entirely defeat the great Object in making the said Canals, and the Public would be deprived of the Benefit of being supplied with Coals from the said last mentioned Collieries, and the Petitioners would be obliged to sit down and discontinue the working of their Mines, after having expended many Thousand Pounds in planting the same, without any Prospect of an adequate Return, and the said Comf-pany of Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestet'shire Canal might, as soon as they had shut up the Collieries on the said Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, independent of the Commissioners, raise thet Tonnage on the Coals sent from the Collieries on the said Birmingham Canal again to its full Denomination; and that the Petitioners submit to the House, that if the additional Tonnage of One Halfpenny a Ton per Mile, imposed on all Coals coming down the Stourbridge Canal, and navigated on the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, was taken off, and the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Company were to reduce and equalize their Tonnage on all Coals navigated on their Canal, between the Point of Junction of the Stourbridge Canal with the said Staffffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and Stourport, where the said last mentioned Canal falls into the River Severn, all Coals, sent down the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal into the Severn Market, would partake of the Advantage of such Reduction, and the Public would be greatly benefited thereby: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to ' lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to lower and regulate thp Tonnage upon the said Canal, be read a Second Time: And the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favpur of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Middlesex Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Sessions*

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Nezvgate, for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Nczvgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term 10 K and

86i

18° Jprilis.

A. 1785.

and Sitting of the King’s Bend) at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L 2. Leave out " Fifth," and insert

" Third."

1. 3. Leave out " April" and insert

" May."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Waste or Common, called Lizard Common, within the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Waste or Common, called Lizard Common, within the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fcntkh Mr. Hopkins, according to Order, reported from

laheries. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries 4t carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the " British Dominions in Europe, and for securing the " Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof,

" at the End of the Fishing Season;" that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the " Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland\ and " the British Dominions in Europe, and for securing " the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others,

" employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season;" and for repealing certain Provisions in the said Act relative to the said Fisheries.

And Mr. Hopkins moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encou-u ragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great il Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in " Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fisher-" men, Sailors, and others, employed in the said " Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the " Fishing Season;" and for repealing certain Provisions in the said Act relative to the said Fisheries: And that Mr. Hopkins and Mr. Holdsworth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Supply. Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w’as read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Eighty-three thousand One hundred and Sixteen Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty* towards defraying the extraordinary Ex peaces of His Majesty s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, and not provided for by Parliament

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Com- Doming mon Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Domington upon Baine, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Jones, from Pittm* the Receiver General of the Customs, attended at tlie1010^ Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented , Der’ to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Payments into the Exchequer, by the Receiver General of the Customs, from Lady Day 1775 to Lady Day 1785, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year, and each Quarter; together with the Totals of each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That.such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts which were presented to the House, hepnnici by Mr. Ilughson, from the Exchequer, upon Friday last, be printed, a? shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufec- TrentT« turers, and others, of the Town of Hull, and Parts CmaL adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to make navigable the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with some short Cuts connecting the rewith from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to Ather-stone, in the County of JVam'ick, with several short Cuts branching therefrom; and, the Petitioners also find, that a Bill is depending in the House for enabling the several Companies of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and from Binningham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradky Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County; and submitting to the House, that, if such Application for making navigable the said Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with the said several Cuts therefrom, should meet with the Sanction of Parliament, it will render the Completion of the intended Coventry Canal from Atherstone to Fazeley unnecessary, and every Communication intended thereby (if completed) and also by the said intended Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Fradley Heath to Faxdey aforesaid, will be effected, and at a much less Expence,

with

h

ti-r,

1

25 Geo. III. 18° Ap. 86$

with th© Advantage of larger Boats, with greater Accommodation for the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, as well with respect to an easier Tonnage and Freight, as to greater Safety and Dispatch, and unattended with the Loss of a large Quantity of rich and valuable Land, and without die Inconvenience of the Separation of Property which must necessarily arise from the making a new Canal: And therefore praying, That die House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that when such Bill for making navigable the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, shall be presented, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and also, of the Bailiffs, Commonalty, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this wmmon«fh House, do go with the Mace into the Speaker's Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon die Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; fcepresen- A Motion was maefe, and the Question being pro-tation in posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Parliament. amend the Representation of the People of England in Parliament;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 24th Day of May last, of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 19th Day of the same Month, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the Representation of the People of England in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tire Yeas, {££ Smifh . } 174-

Tellers for the Noes, { J.{£ . } 248.

So it passed in the Negative.

Preston The House was moved, That the Order, made upon

Election. the 3d Day of March last, for taking into Consideration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor, and Ralph Clayton, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being, In-Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Commercial The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Intercourse Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-\m|i Ireland. mittee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of so much of His Majesty's most

Vol.40.

Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland', might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee. f -

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Call of the the 4th Day of this Instant April, for the House to Bouse, be called over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 4th Day of May next.

The House wa§ moved, That the Order, made upo6 Controverted Thursday last for taking into further Consideration, To^ Election morrow Morning, the Report from the Committee of Trlals-the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further llegur lation of the Trials of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Tregony Friday last, for adjourning till Tomorrow Morning Election, the Consideration of the Motion, That John Bettes-woi'th, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to sit till Half an Bedford Hour after Three of the Clock on Tuesday Morning; Election

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the House of Committee, Commons to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. A?idrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford\ to proeq^d, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act. to regulate the " Trials ol Controverted Elections or Returns of " Members to serve in Parliament," be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit, Committees, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Preston

Election.

864 10° Ap^.1785.

Mercurii, 20* rfie Aprilis;

Anno 25° Georgii IIP* Regis, 1785. Praters.

rTT* H E Hour appointed for taking into Considera-X tion the Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor, and Ralph Clayton, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being In-Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Se- lect Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirty-two Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Twenty-six Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Parry, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Twenty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer being drawn, he again stated to the House the like Reasons which he offered to the House on the 14th Day of February last; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside, with the Names of those w ho were absent from the House; Two, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Eleven, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Sixteen, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members named the Honourable Thomas Pelham to serve on the said Select Committee.

And Lists of the said Forty-nine Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

A Petition of the Grand Jury and the Gentlemen Abingdoa of the County of Glamorgan, assembled at the Assizes N»'igauoi, holden at Cowbridge, for the said County, on the 5th Day of April, in the Year of our Lord 1785: And also,

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Gentlemen of the County and City of Hereford, assembled there the 19th Day of March 1785, at the Assizes;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending, for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, at some Place at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of particular Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to permit the same to pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Secern Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom EKfrto the Bill to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses, within f

the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, who pay to the Poor Rates for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within the City and County of the City of Exon; and also, the Petition'of most of the Guardians of the Poor, in the City and County of the City of Exon, and Payers to the Poor Rates there; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants, and others, Payers to the Poor Rates of the City and County of the City of Exon, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the said first-mentioned Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Support of the Bill, and had likewise considered the said Two last mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed toRol6‘ put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening several Roads 6 " leading

A

.ag Geo. III. 20° Aprilis. 5

u leading from the Town of Bidtford, in the County " of Devon" was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and i3 as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act in Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, of which the Sum of £4,650 now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads' kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Member further informed your Committee, that it is proposed to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to the Roads from. Buckland Braver to Iloldsworthy, and from near the present Turnpike Gate at Catsborough Cross to the Town of Shecpwash, and from the Cross Gate at Stoke to the Road leading to Welcombe.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Towm of Bideford, in the County of Devon: And that Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastardy Mr. Cleveland, and the Lord Motion, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Commercial A Petition of the Master Printers in Edinburgh, ntercourse whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented nth Ireland. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that certain general Propositions, as a Foundation for new Regulations of the Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland, have been voted by the House of Commons in Ireland, and are now under the Consideration of the British Parliament, and, the Petitioners are apprehensive, if the same should pass into a Law in their present Form, the most injurious Consequences would ensue to their Trade and Manufacture; that one of the principal Branches of their Business consists in reprinting Books after the Time limited to Copy Right by the Statute of Queen Anne is expired; these are all printed on British Paper, which pays a Duty of no less than about 23 pei' Cent, and this Duty, when the Paper is exported to Ireland, is drawn back, by which Means the Printers in Ireland are furnished with this Article 23 per Cent, below what is paid for the same by the Printers of this Country, and consequently, as the Price of Labour and Provisions is lower in Ireland than here, they can supply the Market with printed Books proportionably cheaper than the Printers of this Country; that formerly this was of little Consequence to the Printers here, as Books originally published in Great Britain were prohibited from coming to this Country from Ireland after being re-printed there, under severe Penalties; if, however, the Resolutions of the Irish Parliament are adopted, in their present Form, the Case will be materially altered, the Printers in Ireland, being then under no Restraint, will: not only be enabled to undersell the Printers of this

Country in a Foreign Market, but even at Home, to the

freat Detriment of their Trade and Business, as well as tuin of a numerous Body of Journeymen and their Families: And therefore praying the House to take the , Premises into their most serious Consideration, and to

- grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall

seem meet.

Vo l. 40.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Holdsworth presented to the House, according British to Order, a Bill for amending, and rendering more Fisheries* effectual, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ic the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from " Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions " in Europe, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the said " Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing Season," and for repealing certain Provisions in the said Act relative to the said Fisheries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to whom Cheltenham^ the Petition of several Acting Commissioners and Mort- Road8, gagees of the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, to Petvsdown Ash and Combend Beeches, and also from the Town of Cheltenham, to a certain Place in the Road from Tewkesbury, in the same County, called Piffs Elm, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Hughes being examined, produced to your Committee Three Newspapers, called The Gloucester Journal, of the 7th, 14th, and 21st Days of March last, in which were Advertisement^ giving Notice of an Application making to Parliament for consolidating the Turnpike Roads from Cheltenham to Pezvsdown Ash and Combend Beeches, and from Cheltenham to Piss's Elm, with certain other Roads intended to be made Turnpike.

He also produced to your Committee, a Copy of a Notice to the same Effect, which was affixed by him at the Sessions House at Gloucester, at the last Easter Quarter Sessions for the said County.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 28th Day of February last, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and others, residing in and near the several Towns and Parishes of Cheltenham,

Charlton Kings, Leckhampton, Dowdeswell, &c.; and also, the Petition of the Acting Commissioners and several Mortgagees of the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, to Pewsdown Ash and Combend Beeches, and also from the Town of Cheltenham to a certain Place in the Road leading to Tewkesbury, in the same County, called Piss's Elm, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Oi'dered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Roads from a Place called Riff's Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and from thence to Combend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Bur ford Turnpike Road, at a Place called Pewsdown Ash, and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilkenney, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painswick, and House called The Harrow, all in

10 JL the

66 2O0 Apr ills.

the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Master\ the Lord Apsley, and Mr. Blackwell, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Wool- Ordered, That Sir George Howard do make the Re-

combing. port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the several Counties of Northampton, Huntingdon, Cambridge, and the Isle of Ely, Bedford, Leicester, and Rutland; and also, the Petition of the Manufacturers of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the County of Lincoln, were severally referred.

Sir George Howard accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Robat Godby being examined, said, That the Yams spun in the Counties of Northampton, Huntingdon, Isle of Ely, Bedford, Leicester, and Rutland, have greatly decreased in their Value, owing to the fraudulent Reeling thereof, and that in consequence of the Preference given to Yams of other Counties, where Regulations have taken place under Acts of Parliament, passed for that Purpose, their Trade is in a declining State for Want of proper Regulations. — And the Witness added, that he has had a large Quantity of Yarns returned to him for being short Reeled.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Samuel Coddington being examined, said, That the Yarns spun in the County of Lincoln have greatly decreased in their Value, owing to the Want of proper Regulations to prevent the fraudulent Reeling thereof, by which Persons dealing therein chuse to purchase their Yarn in Places where they are under Regulations established by Act of Parliament. — And being further examined, he said, that he has been obliged to submit to Drawbacks after he has sold his Yarns, by Reason of the short Reeling thereof, and that Persons dealing therein have been much aggrieved by false Reeling. — And he added, that he apprehends, that if the Reeling the Yarns was put under proper Regulations, it would be of great Advantage to Trade, and to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yam, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and in the Isle of Ely: And that Sir George Howard, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Lancelot Brown, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Haseldens Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to

Wood Roads, whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts of the Second and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post on Haseldais Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath; and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Castledetis Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden; and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Ten-terden, through Robotnden, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Newenden, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the . Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed Him to repert to the House; and

A. 1785.

be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ClerkV Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for re-building the Bridge, across the River Ayr Bridge, of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Sir Adam Fergusson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ambler reported from the Committee, to whom Richmond the Petition of the Land Owners of the Manor of Poor* Richmond, otherwise West Sheene, in the County of Surrey, and the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Richmond and Kew, situate within the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is' not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, it not being intended to allot the Common proposed to be inclosed among the different Persons entitled thereto, but that the said Common is intended merely to be applied for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse, and necessary Out-buildings and Conveniences, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish of Richmond; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followT eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Stallard being examined, said, That he knows the Commons called The Pest House Common, and The Hill Common, intended to be inclosed — That the same are of little or no Use, and have been productive of very little Benefit to -the Persons interested, as well from their Vicinity to the Metropolis as from their limited Extent, and the uncultivated State in which they have been suffered to remain — That he knows the Footway leading from the North End of Richmond to Kew, along the Side of Kew Gardens, known by the Name of Love Lane, that the same is very little frequented,

Robberies having been committed therein in the Day-Time — That the Public Highway, called Kew Lane, and the Footway and Towing Path on the Side of the River Thames, are much more frequented by Persons going to and from Richmond than Love Lane, and that the Difference of the Length of the last mentioned Passage and Love Lane is only a few Yards. — And the Witness added, that he apprehends that the shutting up of Love Lane wdll be attended with no Inconvenience to any Person.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for making nesr Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid, and for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for inclosing a certain Common within the Manor of Richnumd, and for appropriating 9 Part

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Murrays

Claims.

.25 Geo. III.

Part thereof for the building a proper Workhouse for the Use of the said Parish, and for shutting up a certain Lane called Love Lane, leading from the North End of Richmond to Kew Green.

A Petition of the Ironmasters, and others concerned in the making of Iron in Great Britain, and of the Manufacturers of Iron in the several Counties of Salop, Worcester, Stafford, and Warwick, met together at their Quarterly Meeting at Stourbridge, the 8th of April 1785, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Plan for a more familiar Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland is now under Consideration, and that certain Resolutions on this Subject have already passed the Houses of Lords and Commons in that Kingdom; and that the Petitioners have the most alarming Apprehensions, that these Resolutions of the Irish Parliament would, if adopted here, be attended with very ruinous Consequences to the making and manufacturing of Iron in this Kingdom; and, that in settling a Commercial Treaty with Ireland, the Petitioners apprehend, the principal Regulations ought to be an entire Abolition of Duties on Articles the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of either Kingdom, when imported into the other, or, if Duties were thought necessary, that they should be laid ad Valorem on all Articles the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of either Kingdom, when imported into the other, and that the Duties on all Articles used in Manufactures, when imported from Foreign States, into either Kingdom, should be precisely the same; and that, at the same Time the Petitioners make these Representations, they hope the House will excuse the Liberty they take of giving their Opinion, that an Union between Great Britain and Ireland, on a liberal Plan, would be attended with far more beneficial Consequences than any Commercial Arrangement, for, they apprehend, nothing short of this will remove Jealousies respecting Trade and Manufactures, and cement the Two Nations together in indissoluble Friendship, and, in the present State of the Business, the Petitioners see so many Difficulties, that they think it indispensably necessary, that more Time should be allowed for mature Consideration: And therefore

praying, That the House will not come to any final Resolution respecting the more familiar Intercourse between this Kingdom and Ireland, till next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said . Petition be referred. to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Honourable General James Murray, Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Minorca, and Vice Admiral of the same, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner had prepared, and intended presenting, a Petition to the House, in the Beginning of the present Session of Parliament, and entrusted the same to the Care of One of the Members of the House, but that the said Member was called unexpectedly out of the Kingdom, without apprizing the Petitioner, and without the Petitioners Knowledge of his Departure, until the Time allowed for presenting private Petitions was elapsed: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave to present his Petition, notwithstanding the Time allowed by the House for presenting such Petitions is expired.

And a Member in his Place having informed the Vol, 40,

House, that he was the Member alluded to In the said Petition, and that the Allegations of the said Petition were true;

Ordei'ed, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said General James Murray.

Then a Petition of the Honourable General James Murray, late Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Minorca, and Vice Admiral of the same, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioner, during his exercising the said Offices in the Island of Minorca, judged it expedient, for the Good of His Majesty’s Service, to suspend James Sutherland, Esquire, Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court there, until His Majesty’s Pleasure should be known, and, having signified to the King’s Ministers his having so done, they were pleased to continue the said Suspension for a considerable Length of Time, and to refuse to suffer the said James Sutherland, Esquire, to return to the said Island, to exercise the said Office, without his consenting to make a public Submission to the Petitioner, and the Petitioner agreeing to receive the same; notwithstanding which, the said James Sutherland brought an Action for Damages against the Pe* titioner, for having so suspended him, and obtained a Verdict against the Petitioner, for £ 5,000, which the Petitioner has paid, together with the Costs, and other Charges, amounting to £5,536. 5 & 3 d.; and that His Majesty having been graciously pleased to take the Petitioner’s Case into Consideration, and accept his Prayer for Relief, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury did, on the 15th of December 1783, make a Minute, directing that the Amount of tho Judgment, and the Petitioner’s legal Costs, in Consequence of the said Verdict, should be ascertained, and that they would then issue Money for the Discharge thereof; and, that the Petitioner not having hitherto received the said Sum, and finding that he cannot have such Relief without the Aid and Assistance of the House, therefore prays the House to grant him such Relief, and that the said Sum of £ 5,000, and the Costs, paid by him to the said James Sutherland\ and the Petitioner’s own Costs in the said Action, together with his other subsequent Expences incident thereto, may be repaid to him.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dempster, Mr. Sheridan,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of James Sutherland, Esquire, being offered Sutherland's to be presented to the House; Petition.

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Eden presented to the House, according to Bancroft’s Order, a Bill for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Dying Dis-Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the cover^' sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying, staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the pominion of Wales,

i and

868

2o° Aprilis. A. 1785:

and Town of Berwick upon Tweed\ for a limited Time: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Menai A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the

Bridge in County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and

Road towards; Setting forth. That it appears, by the Votes, that Ireland. a potion has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Bridge over an Arm of the Sea between the Counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon, called The Streights of Menai, at a Place near Porthaethwy Ferry\ called Ynysgeint; and Alledging, that the free Navigation of The Streights of Menai is an Object of public Importance, the said Streights being navigable throughout for Vessels of very large Burthen, and frequented Annually by several Thousand Sail of Vessels loaded with different and valuable Merchandize, and the making a Bridge as aforesaid will very materially injure the Navigation of The Streights of Menaiy and thereby be detrimental to the Trade and Commerce, Maritime Strength and Revenue, of this Nation, and to the Interests of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying* That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the Bill for making a Bridge as aforesaid. k

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland, is referred.

Corn and A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Grain. and several others of the Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, was presented to the House* and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for 4t further regulating and ascertaining the Importation " and Exportation of Com and Grain, within several u Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part oi Great Britain called England; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be, in its Effects, exceedingly detrimental and pernicious: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Peitrya Sir Francis Basset reported from the Committee, to

JJoads, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of

an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His

Iiresent Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads eading from New Street, and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read die Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Harrison reported from the Committee, to whom Beverley, ac. the Petition of Sir Henry Etherington, Baronet, Joseph Drains Robinson Pease, Esquire, and of the several Persons *

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pro* prietors of Lands in Woodmansey, Thearn, Beverley,

Beverley 'Parks, Figham, Skidby Carr, and Skidby Ings, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Dickenson being examined, said. That within the said several Townships and Places mentioned in the Petition, there are divers large Tracts of Ground, which are subject to be Overflowed during a considerable Part of the Year — That they are capable of being drained, and would thereby be greatly improved — That he is an Engineer, had surveyed the Whole of the Lands, and that an Outfall may be easily made into the River Hull, contiguous to which they lie.

And being further examined, he produced to your Committee an Estimate of the Expence of the proposed Drainage, by which it appeared, that the first Cost of the main Drain will be about £. 2,500, andt together with other requisite Expenditures, will be discharged by a Payment of about Two Pounds per Acre, the Lands to be drained amounting to 1,500 Acres — That the Expence of keeping open the Drainage, and other Charges of the Commissioners, will amount to about 100 per Annum — That some of the Land is now worth but little or nothing, and that the Improvement is estimated to he from Five to Fifteen Shillings per Acre, when drained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Harrison, Sir John Thorold, Mr. Long, and Mr. Buncombe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, to whom Yarmoutl the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Bridge, k Commonalty, of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.'

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Spurgeon, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Bridge over Yarmouth Haven (being the only Entrance into the Town of Great Yarmouth, from the County of Suffolk) is a Timber Bridge, and is so much decayed, that, in the Opinion of experienced Workmen, it is necessary the same should be taken down, and a new Bridge built; and that it has been estimated that the Expence of building a safe and commodious Bridge over *the said Haven, will amount to between Three and Four thousand Pounds.

Then

25 Geo. III. 20° Apr* 869

Then, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act ie for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and €i improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; u and for depthening and making more navigable the u several Rivers emptying themselves into the said " Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein " from Accidents by Fire," was read; by which it appeared, that Part of certain Duties, or Sums of Money, are applicable towards repairing the said Bridge, during the Term of the said Act.

And the Witness further said, That the said Duties or Sums of Money are insufficient for the Purpose of re-building the said Bridge, which cannot be done, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged^ and an additional Sum of Money authorized to be appropriated for that Purpose; and that it is necessary that some Alterations should be made in the said Act. Then,

Mr. Stephen West, Engineer of Yarmouth Piers, was examined, who said, that the Expence of building a good substantial Bridge, in the room of the present Bridge, over Yarmouth Haven, will amount to between Three and Four thousand Pounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth; and for enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire: And that Mr. Beaufoy, Sir Harbord Harbordy and Sir John Jaivis, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Kiddermin- Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom

ster Church, (he Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, Baron of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and the humble Petition of the Honourable Andrew Foley, Esquire, the Survivor of the Devisees in Trust named in the last Will and Testament of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Foley, " deceased, the Reverend Thomas Wickins, Vicar of the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester aforesaid,

and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and who are Inhabitants or proprietors of Estates within the Borough or Foreign of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Rawlins being examined, said, That the Inhabitants of the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster have greatly increased for many Years past, and that the Parish Church belonging to the said Borough and Foreign (which is a firm and substantial Building) is very irregularly laid out, by which many of the Inhabitants are prevented from attending Divine Service, for the Want of being accommodated with proper Pews and Seats; and that if commodious Pews were built, and Galleries erected, within the said Church, in would be a very great Convenience to all the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Foreign.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, new pewing, seating, and erecting Galleries, and making other Alterations and Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol, 4<X

The Counsel and Ageqts before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of John Parry, Esquire, and the Honourable Thomas Pelham, being added, the same was called over; and i9 as follows:

Charles Sturt, Esquire, the Earl of Fife, Charles Brandling, Esquire, William Drake, Junior, Esquire,

Sir Herbert Mackworth, Baronet, William Pochin,

Esquire, David Howell, Esquire, the Lord Apsley, Harry Burrard, Esquire, John Bullock, Esquire, Sir John Miller, Baronet, Thomas Lister, Esquire, Thomas Berney Bramston, Esquire, John Parry, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Pelham.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clayton, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being In-Burgesses,

Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Ex- Exchequer chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ditto, for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for winchester establishing and confirming an Agreement between the College Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of EstaU* Winchester, near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, and their Lessee, and Robert Pope Blackford,

Esquire, for Exchange of certain Grounds in the Parish of JVhippingham, in the Isle of Wight, and County of Southampton aforesaid; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Tregony the adjourned Consideration of the Motion, made upon Election. Friday last, That John Bettesworth, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Coimwall, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Motion.

And the House being informed that the Sitting Members consented to the withdrawing of the said Petition;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 3d Day of Mwch last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Tuesday the 3d Day of May next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

10M Ordered\

bounty on Tar, &c.

Bedford

Election

Committee.

Tranporta-tion of Felons.

Reading

Paving.

870 20° — 2

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said John Bettesworth, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. P rest wood, from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar; presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of all the Rewards, or Premiums, paid upon the Importation of Tar, Pitch, or Turpentine, from America, since the Year 1718, to the present Time; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the House of Commons to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. Johh, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order beng read accordingly;

The, said Bill was' read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Proceedings have been had in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the effec-if tual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders; " and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;" and to report their Opinion to the House, what further Measures may be necessary to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Effect.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Fox, Mr. Burke, Mr. Ord, Mr. Pop ham, Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Dempster, General Burgoyne, Mr. Eden, the Lord Maitland\ Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Marsham, Mr. Douglas, Sir John Eden, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Francis, Mr. Sinclair, Mr. Luttrell, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Smith, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Dundas, Mr Sheridan, Mr. Ambler, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Baring, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Lygon, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Powys; and all Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants, in the House: And that they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; and for removing Incroach-tnents, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future;

i° Aprilis. A. 1785.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 4th Day of May next

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Land Tax resolve itself into a Committee of the w’hole House, Commission, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners to puters-in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the €t Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-five;" together with those uamed in Three former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Cotton a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur-Trade, ther of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,

Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others, interested in the Fustian Trade, in the Towns of Manchester, Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton Bury, Chorley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Controverted whole House, to whom the Bill for the iurther Regwla- k|ect,oa tion of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns *n of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to llis Majesty.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whoje House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 21° die Aprilis;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItil Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Wootton tion the Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wootton Bassett, in the County of Wilts, being come;

The

25 Geo. III. 21 ° Aprilis. 871

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a A'Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hotford and Mr. Bishop of Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of Anguish: ' Hereford’s,

the said Petition. Mr. Speaker, &c* Estalc*

The Serjeant at Arms was directed,- by Mr. Speaker, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act' to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require for confirming an Exchange agreed upon between the* the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Lord Bishop of Hereford, and the Right honourable

Business of the House. Charles Lord Sommers, of certain Estates in the County’

And he went accordingly. of Hereford; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence

And being returned; of this House.

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One And then the Messengers withdrew, hundred and Five Members being found to be present; . Mr. Hunger ford reported from the Committee, ta Melton

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers ^Io^bray in to the Bar. of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present 1 oa 8‘

And the Door of the House being locked, the Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consi- the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and deration. from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses, and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Thirteen Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Walker Iieneage, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Abel Moysey, Esquire, being drawn, he w as nominated to serve on the said Select Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirty-five other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Six, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Eight on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; Eleven, on Account of their then serving on Select Committees; and Ten, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

Lists of the said Names were delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

r Poor. Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Vol. 40,

in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, writh the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Clive presented to the House, according to Bishop’s Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Casl,ei&c-and enlarging the Powers, of an Act made in the Road8, Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, arid from Brocton to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near the Foul Lane End Turnpike, at Bishop's Castle, to Norbury, and from the said Foul Lane End Turnpike to the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle to Ludlow, and from Clun to Newton Green, and from the Re<^ House, in the Parish of Lydbury North, to the Turnpike Road leading from Clun to Newton Green, and from Clungunford to Lingen Bridge, and from Montgomery to Kerry, and from Montgomery to Brynyderwen, and from The Blue Bell, in the Parish of Churchstoke, to the Farm, in the Parish of Kerry, in the Counties of Salop and Mont- k gomery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of for confirming an Exchange agreed upon between the ljcre.lonls* Lord Bishop of Hereford and the Right honourable &c# stdle' Charles Lord Sommers, of certain Estates in the County of Herefbr'd, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mi*. Powys reported from the Committee, to w hom Banbury, &c. the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Koad. putting in Execution the Powers given and granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in or about the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the County of u Oxford, through Daventry and Cottesbach, to the.

" South Endof Mill Field,1 in the Parish of Lulterworth, in the1 County of Leicester," was referred;

That the Committee had1 examined,1 and found that

the

872 2f° Aprilis. . 1785.

the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April

1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the Notices to be given in the public Newspapers, but that no Notices were affixed upon the Doors of the Sessions Houses of the several Counties in which the Roads do lie, by Reason of the Agent not being acquainted with the Standing Order in that Respect; but it appeared that the Terra of the Act is near expiring, and that there is a Debt of £.1,278, besides an accruing Interest, due to the Assignees of the Estate of Thomas Holled, a Bankrupt, which Principal Sum the Assignees have consented to sell for £. 500, and several Gentlemen, Friends, and Trustees of the Road, have agreed to purchase the same at that Price, and to charge the said Road with such Principal Sum of £. 500 only, provided an Act can be obtained for the Renewal of the Term, whereby there will be a Reduction of £. 778 Principal, besides an Annual Saving of £.38. 18s. for Interest; and that it further appeared, that, in case such Act cannot be obtained in the present Session of Parliament, the Assignees will probably be obliged to sell the said Debt to other Purchasers, whereby the Tolls will continue charged with the whole Principal Sum of £. 1,278, besides Interest; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry Bagshaw Harrison being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sura of Money, which has been laid out according to the Directions of the said Act — That the Sum of^£. 1,876 now remains due, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

The House was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 25th Day of April 1774, " That " after this Session of Parliament, before any Petition " is presented to this House, for making a Turnpike " Road, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act " of Parliament passed for that Purpose, Notice of " such intended Application to Parliament be given at " the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which " shall be held for every and each County or District " through which such Road passes, or is intended to " pass, at the Michaelmas immediately preceding the " Session of Parliament in which such Petition is to be presented," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the said 25th Day of April,

" That this Notice be given, by affixing to the Door u of the Sessions House where such General Quarter " Sessions are held, a printed or written Paper, describing the Parishes through which the said Road u passes, or is intended to pass, and that such Notice u be also printed in some One. Newspaper of the '* County, or if there is no such Paper printed for (i that County, then in the Newspaper of some near <l or adjoining County, Three Times, at least, in the (t Months of August and September, or either of them,

<c immediately preceding the Session of Parliament in " which such Petition is to be presented," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Wootton The Counsel and Agents Before mentioned, being

Basset, &c. again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend

Election. the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, ^which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of John Walker Heneage and Abel Moysey, Esquires, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Rogers, Esquire, Sir William Lemon, Baronet, the Earl of Tyrconnel, John Smyth, Esquire, the Lord Delaval, John Fenton Cawthorne, Esquire, John Call,

Esquire, William Clive, Esquire, Edward Phelips,

Esquire, Gabriel Steward, Esquire, Walter Sneyd\

Esquire, Thomas Powys, Esquire, Sir John Honywood,

Baronet, John Walker Heneage, Esquire, Abel Moysey, . Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of George Tierney, Esquire, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Ordered, That the said Report from the Commit- Banbury,& tee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees Road, appointed for putting in Execution the Powers given and granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in or about the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Banbury,

" in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and " Cottesbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the " Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester," was referred, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. jFitzherbert presented to the House, according Arundel to Order, a Bill fqjr the better paving, cleansing, and Paving, lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Beatifoy presented to the House, according to Yamw Order, a Bill for building a new Bridge over the BndSe Haven of Great Yarmouth, and for enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Adam Fergusson reported from the Committee, to Edii whom the Bill for opening an easy and commodious citJ Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, for that Purpose, for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same, for re-building or improving the University, for enlarging the Public Markets and Communications thereto, for regulating certain Taxes, for lighting the said City, for providing an additional Supply of Water, and for extending the Royalty of the said City, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Moffat, of Threepwood\

Esquire,

Clifton

Dartmouth

Hardness

Election.

Abingdon

Navigation.

Staffordshire, &c. Canal.

Sidlesham

Inclosure.

Cricklade

Election.

JJritish

Fisheries.

25 Geo. III. 210 Aprilis873

Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that John Henry South-cote, Esquire, who has petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Clif ton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, desires to withdraw his said Petition;

And a Motion being made, That the said John Henry Southcote, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Common, in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the County of Sussex? And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Question, proposed upon Thursday last, That the House do agree with the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneage, and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, in the Resolution, " That " the Conduct of the Returning Officer, in taking tf the Poll, and making the Return, at the last Elfec-" tion of Members to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was " partial and illegal, whereby a colourable Majority " was obtained on the Poll for Mr. Adamson and Mr. " Coxe," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Eu-Vo l. 40.

" rope, and for securing the Return of the Fishermen,

" Sailors, and others, employed in the said Fisheries,

" to the Ports thereof, at the End of the Fishing " Season," and for repealing certain Provisions in the said Act relative to the said Fisheries, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Cotton the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Trade, referred to consider of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, Bleachers, and others interested in the Fustian Trade in the Towns of Manchester,

Salford, Bolton, Leigh, Warrington, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton, Bury, Chorley, Stockport, Macclesfield, and Chapel en le Frith, and in the Boroughs of Wigan and Newton, and of the respective Neighbourhoods of those Towns and Boroughs, in the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby, That be was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens,

" printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain,

" and for granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs " bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and upon " the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with,

" Cotton, not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in " Foreign Parts," and to repeal so much thereof as imposes Duties on Cotton Stuffs, made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, not being printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens, printed, painted,

" stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and for granting " certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in " Great Britain, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and upon the Importation of Stuffs " made of, or mixed with, Cotton, not painted, printed,

" stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts," and to repeal so much thereof as imposes Duties on Cotton Stuffs, made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, not being printed, painted, or " stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Middlesex to impowrer the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Session-Gaol Delivery of Newgate, for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term and Sitting of the King s Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this

10 N House

o

A. 1785,

Bedford

Election

Committee.

Plate Glass Manufacture.

Crown

Debtors.

21

22

Aprilis.

House hath agreed to (he same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the House of Commons to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of BedfordI, to proceed, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted " Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Mainwaring accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of their Sureties: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Manufacturers and Dealers in British Manufactures, of the City of London, and other Cities and Towms of Great Britain, whose Names are thereunder written, and had closed the Evidence in Behalf of the said Petition; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 22* die Aprilis;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

A, PETITION of the Commissioners appointed . by, and for putting in Execution, an Act of Parliament made for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricldade, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kemp ford, in the County of Gloucester; and Setting forth, That the said Canal will be a Diversion not only of the ancient and natural Course of Navigation from Leach-lade to Abingdon, by the River Isis, but of the Trade and Business carried on between those Places by Means of the said Navigation, and will, in its Consequences, deprive the Whole of the River Navigation of a considerable Stream of Water, and be otherwise injurious to the same; and that an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to improve and complete the Navigation of the said Rivers from London to Cricldade, in the County of Wilts, and the said River Thames has been considerably improved and amended from London to Mapledurham, in the County of Oxford; and, that when the Amendments and Improvements are carried throughout the remaining Course of the said Rivers Thames and Isis, agreeably to the Intention of that Act, the said Navigation from Leachlade to Abingdon will, in the Opinion of able and experienced Surveyors, be rendered safe, cheap, and easy, by the Expenditure of a Sum of Money considerably less than the Expence of making and completing such Navigable Canal: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by jthemselves or 3 Counsel,

Abingdon

Navigation.

Pemberton's

Name.

Winchester College, &c. Estate.

Dsgathorpe

nclosure.

Ipper

llatford

nclosure.

ichmond

oor.

rothwark, c. Roads.

25 Geo. III. > 22° Aprilis. 875

Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in they think fit. the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said -at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate the said Petition. aforesaid, to Witchcross, in the County of Suss&vy is

committed.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House British

An Act to enable William Pemberton, Esquire, and his to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Fisheries.

First and other Sons, and their Issue, to take, use, and upon the Bill for amending, and rendering rnoie ef-bear the Name and Arms of Cludde, pursuant to the fectual, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Will of Edward Cludde, Esquire, deceased, was com- Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- " for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; " from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Do-and that the Committee had directed him to report the " minions in Europe, and for securing the Return of Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he " the Fishermen, Sailors, and others, employed in the delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. " said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof, at the End of

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. " the Fishing Season," and for repealing certain Pro-

Resolved That the Bill do pass. visions in the said Act relative to the said Fisheries, be

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to now read, the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath And the said Order being read accordingly;

agreed to the same, without any Amendment. The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement Mr. Holdsworth took the Chair of the Committee,

between the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mary Gollege of Winchester, near Winchester, in the Mr. Holdsworth reported from the Committee, That County of Southampton, and their Lessee, and Robert they had gone through the Bill, and made several Pope Blachford, Esquire, for Exchange of certain Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Grounds in the Parish of Whippingham, in the Isle of to report, when the House will please to receive the Wight, and County of Southampton aforesaid, was read same.

the First Time. Ordered\ That the Report be now received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr. Holdsworth accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the had made to the Bill, and which they had directed Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waste him to report to the House; and he read the Report Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgathorpe, in in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time. the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hun- Report was read. gerford, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall Chamber. be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the

House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Ordered, That the several Papers which w’ere pre- Transpor-Commonable Places, within the Parish of Upper Clat- sented to the House by Mr. Brielzcke, from the Office tation of ford, in the County of Southampton, w as read a Second of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, Felons. Time. upon the 14th Day of February last, be referred to the

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thistle- Committee, w ho are appointed to enquire what Pro-thzvayte, Mr. Jercoise, &c.: And they are to meet ceedings have been had in the Execution of an Act,

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Chamber. present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the effectual

" Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, and Ordered\ That all have Voices who come to the " to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal Part of an " Cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,"

Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, and to report their Opinion to the House, w hat further for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Measures may be necessary to carry the Purposes of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and said Act into Effect.

other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for Ordered, That the List of Convicts now on Board the making new Provisions for the Relief and Employ- Justitia Hulk, sentenced to hard Labour on the River ment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, Thames, be referred to the said Committee, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Ordered, That the several Returns which have been

Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of made to the Order of the House, of the 3d Day of Richmond, aforesaid, and for the Removal and Pre- February last, c< That there be laid before this House, vention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroach- " an Account of Persons convicted of Felonies or meats therein, is committed. " Misdemeanors, and now under Sentence of Impri-

" sonment in the Gaols and Houses of Correction in Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- " the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, mittee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing " Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, and Sussex, specifying the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman " their respective Crimes, the Time when, the Term Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of " for which, and by what Court, each Person has been Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to " imprisoned, together with an Account of the Allow-Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, <c ance made for the Maintenance of such Persons, and through Stockwell to Brixtm Causeway; and from " in what Manner they are employed," be referred to Nexvington to the East End of Peckham Lane; and the said Committee.

Vol. 40. Sir

1

Wool-comb-

ing.

Holbrooke

Inclosure.

Ashborne, &c. Road.

JIaselden's Wood Road.

Leave of Absence.

Exeter Poor.

22° Aprilis. 1785.

Sir George Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abases committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Holbrooke, in the Parish of Duffield, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and lead the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " widening and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, " to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and " Chesterfield to Dei'by, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby:' And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from The White Post, on Haseldens Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Castlederis Oak, in the Parish of Bid-denden, and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Newenden, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that no Person shall pay more than One Toll in a Day.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from The White Post, on Haselderis Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath, and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Castledens Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden, and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Newenden, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Holdsworth have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, on his private Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, on his private Aflairs. '

Mr1. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses

within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout'; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Herbert Mackworth, from the Select Committee, Preston who were appointed to try and determine the Merits Election, of the Petition of Michael Angelo Taylor and Ralph Clayton, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being In-Burgesses, Inhabitants within, and Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for, the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Sir Henry Hoghton, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Burgoyne, Esquire, is duly elected a' Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Preston.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Factors, and Corn and others, concerned in the Importation and Exportation, Grain-and in the manufacturing, of Corn and Grain, within the Town and Port of Southampton, and the Creeks thereto belonging, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, An Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports " and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe with Concern, that, by certain Clauses in such Bill, the Powers delegated to Grand Juries, at the Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties, by divers Acts of Parliament, to enquire and present, on their Oaths, the Prices of English Corn and Grain, in order to regulate the Importation of Foreign Grain, are to be totally annihilated, and that, instead thereof, a new System is intended to be substituted, by vesting in a, single Individual, in the City of London, a Power to inspect the Weekly Returns of the Co nfactors at Mark Lane (by many of whom he is to be elected and maintained) and to compute and form, from thence, the Average Prices, which being laid before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, and afterwards published in the Gazette, are to be deemed (without the least Respect to the Difference and Fluctuation of the Average Prices in any other Part of the Nation) the general Average Prices of this Kingdom, and the Importation and Exportation of Com

2$ Geo. III. 2a0

and Grain, as well at London as at every Out Port, are to be accordingly governed thereby; and that, the Petitioners apprehend, if such Clauses should pass into a Law, the most grievous Injuries and Distress would result therefrom to many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects, and it would open a Door to Monopoly, Partiality, and Inconvenience: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent the Clauses above-mentioned from passing into a Law; or permit the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, if the Nature of their Case shall require the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Menai Bridge in Road towards Ireland.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders, and Owners and Masters of Ships, of the Port of Saint Ives> was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Bridge or Embankment over an Arm of the Sea, between the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, called The Sir eights of Menai, at a Place near Port ha-et/m-y or Bangor Perry, called Ynysgeint: And Alledging, That the free Navigation of The Streights of Menai is an Object of public Importance, the said Streights being navigable throughout for Ships of large Burthen, frequented by some Thousand Sail in the Year, and in particular by many Vessels, which on certain Winds, have a secure and speedy Passage there, when they could not otherwise proceed to their Destinations; and that the making a Bridge or Embankment as aforesaid will very materially injure, if not totally ruin, the Navigation of the said Streights, and thereby be detrimental to the Trade and Commerce, Maritime Strength, and Revenue of this Nation, and to the Interests of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making a Bridge or Embankment as aforesaid may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemeu, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland, is referred.

Anglesey A Petition of the Inhabitants of a certain District, Road towards the County of Glamorgan, called Goncer, was pre-Ireland. sented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the present Turnpike Road leading from Swansea to Ro~ silly, over the Northwestern Part of Fairzcoods Common, leaves a considerable Part of the said District of Gower without any Communication with the said Road; and that, if a Branch of Road was made from or near the Fifth Mile Stone, on the said Road leading from Sxca?isea to Rosilly, over the Common, through the Parishes of Bishopsten, Penard, and I 1st on, to the Opening of a certain lioad, by the Smith’s Shop, leading to Kilvrough, it would be of very great Public Utility, and give several Parishes a Communication that are now totally unconnected with the Turnpike Road: And therefore praying, That the said Branch may be inserted in the Bill for regulating Turnpike Roads in the County of Glamorgan.

A Petition of the Creditors of the Swansea District of Turnpike Roads, in the County of Glamorgan, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are the principal Creditors on the Tolls of the Swansea Distinct, and think it will be of great Benefit to the Public in general, and to a considerable Part of the Inhabitants of the said Vql. 40.

District in particular, if a Branch of Road was made from or near the Filth Mile Stone, on the present Turnpike Road leading from Swansea to Rosilly, over Fairwoods Common, to the Opening of the Rond leading to Kilvrough, by the Smith’s Shop, through Part of the Parishes of Bishopston, Penardand I Is ton; and that, as far as the Petitioners are concerned in the said Tolls, they think it would tend to improve them, and accommodate a large Part of the Country: And therefore praying, That the said Branch of Road may be inserted in the Bill for regulating the Turnpike Roads through the County of Glamorgan.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Glamorgan, and other Inhabitants residing in the said County, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the same, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Newtown, journed Consideration of the Motion, made upon Isle of Wight, Monday last, That the Electors of the Borough of ^ectio11, Newtown, otherwise Frankville, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

And Mark Gregory, Esquire, the Sitting Member, having, in his Place* acquainted the House, that he' consented to the withdrawing of the said Petition;

The House was moved, That ‘the Order, made upon the 3d Day of March last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Thursday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Electors have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the House of Commons Bedford to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try and Election determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Commitlee-St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bcclf'ord, to proceed, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the House of Commons to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty^, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of -Members to serve in " Parliament."

Ordered, That the Lord Midleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufac- Trent, Tame, turers, and others, of the Town of Atherstone, in the , SfC* Canab County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to make Navigable the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with some short Cuts connecting the rewith, from Burton upon Trent, in the County of io O Stafford,

Banbury

Road.

878 aAprilis. A. 1785.

Stafford\ to Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, with several short Cuts branching therefrom; and the Petitioners also find, that a Bill is depending in the House, for enabling the several Companies of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from The Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County; and submitting to the House, that, if such Application for making navigable the said Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with the said several Cuts therefrom, should meet with the Sanction of Parliament, it will render the Completion of the intended Coventry Canal from Atherstone to Fazeley unnecessary, and every Communication intended thereby, and also, by the said intended Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Fradley Heath to Fazeley aforesaid, will be effected, and at a much less Expence, with the Advantage of larger Boats, with greater Accommodation for the Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, as well with respect to an easier Tonnage and Freight, as to greater Safety and Dispatch, and unattended with the Loss of a large Quantity of rich and valuable Land, and without the Inconvenience of the Separation of Property, which must necessarily arise from the making a new Canal: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that when such Bill for making navigable the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, shall be presented, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution the Powers given and granted by an Act of Parliament, passed in or about the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in " Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry " and Cottesbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester/’ was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 13th Day of December 1781, of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Tenth Year of " her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Eleventh te Year of his late Majesty King George the First,

" and in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty " King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining the Road from Hartford to " Northjlect and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to " Chalk, and from Northfeet to Chalk, and from " thence to the Stone’s End, near the Parish Church " of Stroud, in the County of Kent;" and also, the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteeth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and " Powers of Three Acts, passed in the First, Ninth,

" and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and " enlarging the Road leading from the House called c< The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of Saint Margaret,

" in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein " mentioned, in the County of Kent," were severally referred, might be read.

And 'the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term, and explain and amend the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and " widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in " Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry " and Cottesbach, to the South End of Mill Field\ in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester;*

And that Mr. Powys and Sir James Langham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Lends tab* thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and bock-others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, ^iTCim Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being near the Towms of Portsmouth, and Portsmouth Common, in the Island of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, adjoining or contiguous to His Majesty’s Fortifications there, and comprized within an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

" and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better se-

curing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and Stores at " Portsmouth and Chathamand also comprized within a certain other Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Lands,

" Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for " better securing His Majesty’s Docks, Ships, and " Stores at Portsmouth and Plymouth; and also, for " re-vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

" and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton, Cornwall, and Devon, in the former Proprie-c< tors thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Property of the Petitioners, comprized in the above-mentioned Acts, is various and different, some consisting of Buildings, some of Land, and others of both Buildings and Land; and, the Petitioners severally suffered great Damage in their respective Properties by the Restrictions contained in the first-mentioned Act, to various and different Amounts, according to the Circumstances of their respective Cases; and that by a Clause in the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for reimbursing the Proprietors of the above-mentioned Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the Damages suffered by them in consequence of the Restrictions contained in the said Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty (which last Act is repealed by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty) the awarding such Damages is referred to the sole Consideration of the Commissioners for putting the last mentioned Act into Execution, or any Five or more of them, widiout the Medium or Inquest of a Jury; and that the Petitioners severally attended the said Commissioners at their Meeting, held under the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, according to the Directions of the said Act, and proved their respective Cases, and the Damages severally sustained by them in consequence of the Restrictions contained in the said Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, but the said Commissioners awarded them no Damages; and that the Clause in the above-mentioned Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, referring the Damages suffered by the Proprietors to the sole Consideration of the Commissioners, without the Interference of a Jury, provides that the Award of the said Commissioners shall not he final, unless the 7 1 sams

25 Geo. III. . 22° Ap879

same be agreed to by the Proprietors; for, by the said Clause, it is expressly enacted, " That the Award of " the said Commissioners (if agreed to by the said Proprietors) shall be final and conclusive to all Intents " and Purposes and that act the Meeting of the said Commissioners above-mentioned, on the said Commissioners awarding the Petitioners no Damages, the Petitioners did severally and immediately, as their respective Cases were determined, cause Notice to be given to *the said Commissioners, that the Petitioners did not agree to the Award of the said Commissioners, and that the Petitioners would apply to the House for Relief in their respective Cases: And therefore praying, That their Cases may be enquired into, and the Damages severally sustained by them assessed by a Jury of the County of Southampton; or that such further or other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners, as the Merits of their respective Cases may require, and as to the House shall seem meet and fitting.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the Hous j, pur- Half Pay. suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1785.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1785: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1785: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Battalions of Foot, for the respective Periods therein mentioned, in the Year 1784.

And the Titles of the said Estimates jvere read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1785.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces for 365 Days, from 25th £ s. d. £ s. d.

December 1784 to 24th December 1785, inclusive* - 5 55 10 10 202,772 14 2

For Allowances to Officers of the Reduced Horse - - - — 4 2 76 — 10

For the Annual Allowances to Seven Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th

Troops of Horse Guards, at £.10 per Annum each - - - - 70 — —

For 18 Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7d.

per Diem each - - - — 10 6 12 6

Total . - I- 203,110 7 6

Deduct Poundage, at 6d. in the Pound - - - . - 5.071 4 4

Remains to be made good - - - £- ,198,039 3 2

War Office, 22d April 1785.

Geo. Forge.

Vol. 40.

ESTIMATE

88o

2 2° Aprilis: A. 1785.

Estimates. ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces,

for the Year 1785.

Diem. For 365 Days.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, from 25th De- £ * d. C s. d.

cember 1784 to the 24th December 1785, inclusive - 150 6 10 54,874 14 2

Deduct Poundage, at 6d. in the Pound - - - - i,37i 17 —

Remains to be made good - 53,502 17 2

For D°, for D° Time - -- 1216 4,297 4 9

To make good a Deficiency on the Charge, from 25th October 1783 to 24th December following, at D° ---- D*, for 366*, for the Year 1784, at D° - - . f 0 736 11 6 4,3o8 11 3 Total > - £. 5,045 3 9 62,845 4 8

War Office, 22d April 1785.

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the -late Scotch Brigade, in the

Service of the States General, for the Year 1785.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785, inclusive -

Deduct Poundage, at 6 d. in the Pound.

Remains to be made good - % t

Per Diem. For 365 Daya,

1. s. d. £’ d.

9 18 8 3,625 13 4

*» 90 12 10

I- 3,532 — 6

War Office,

2 2d April 1785, Qeo.

estimate

Adjourn-

ment,

Ways and Means.

5 <?EO. III. AV^5° 4

v " /' .: ‘ ‘ ' i ;r :*( &

ESTIMATE of the Charge of several Battalions of Foot, for the respective Periods undermentioned;

in the Year 1784. :t; 1

1' ' t dumber T *

% of Numbers. Charge. TOTAL.

e Days.

’Pay of the Commission, Non-commissioned Officers,

and Private Men of the following Corps; viz1. r

‘Lord Say and Sele's Regiment of Foot, from 25th June r _ j r 0 rl

1 1784 to 24th December following, both Days in- L- s- £'s-

elusive - -- -- - 183 471 4,207 15 9!

Major General TVynyard*s, from 25th June 1784 to

20th July following ---- 26 471 597 16 7'

Sir John JVroltesley s, from 25th June 1784 to 27th

July following - - - - 33 471 758 15 8

Colonel John Campbell's, from 13th to 24th May - .*

1784 - - 12 568 336 18 3 r '

Colonel Gunnings, from 25th June 1784 to 6th July

following ---- -- 12 569 350 8 8

Total for Pay - - 2,550 6,251 14 nk

Cloathing - *- - - - i>°33 19 '7

Agency - - - 122 18 2{

Allowances to Captains, Surgeons,

and Paymasters - ‘ -: — 329 5

In all - - - - c -7,737 18 ii

N.B. There, is a Saving on the Charge made in 1783, for Ten Battalions and Five Companies of Foot, transferred to the Establishment of Ireland, amounting 1 to £. 12,089. *8. out of which the Charge borne on this. Estimate may be

defrayed.

War Office, „

<.. April 1785. . Geo. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resqlved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Amount of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer ou the 5th Day of April 1785, of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

V OL. 40. *

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Steele also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will not, in this Session Election of Parliament, take into Consideration any of the Petitions. Petitions presented to this House, complaining of an undue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament, which are appointed to be heard, after the Petition of John Henry Southcote, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the

- 10 P Borough

﻿Product of Taxes.

Ditto*

Ditto*

Ditto.

Elections —

County

Voters.

Elections — Bribery and Expence.

dickering

luclosure*

Supply,

88a 22" — 25

Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Christmas Eve 1784 to the 5th of January 1785; stating and distinguishing the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 25th of March 1785 to the 5th of April 1785; stating and distinguishing the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Christnms Eve 1783 to the 5th of January 1784; stating and distinguishing the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents.

Aprilis. A. 1785.

Reigning Duke of Brunswick, for the Yean 1^85, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resotccd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the £th of March 1784 to the 5th of April 1784; stating and distinguishing the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents.

A Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Commm'nl whole House, to consider further of so much of His Intercourse Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of ^Ireland, Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mony ing next, Ten of the Clock.

being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, which Bill was, upon the 12th Day of this Instant April, re-committed to the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of compleating the Branch of Road in North Britain, from Ballantrae, in Ayrshire, to Stranraer, in Galloway, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Subsidies due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, and to the

Lunce, 25° die Aprilis;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Exchange agreed upon Hereford*, between the Lord Bishop of Hereford and the Right fcc. Eitoit honourable Charles Lord Sommers,- of certain Estates in the County of Hereford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Cocks, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Or- Bideford der, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Roads* enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

as Geo. III. as° Aprilis. 883

Yarmouth A Bill for building a new Bridge over the Haven Bridge, &c. of Great Yarmouth, and for enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening, and making more navigable* the several Rivers emptying the m-. selves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Beau-foy, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Bishop's A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Castle, &c. enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Eighth Road. Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at Westhury, and from Brocton to the Turnpike Road at Alins ter ley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near the Foul Lane End Turnpike at Bishop's Castle to Norbury, and from the said Foul Lane End Turnpike to the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle to Ludlow, and from Ciun to Newton Green, and from the Red House, in the Parish of Lydbury North, to the Turnpike Road leading from Clun to Newton Green, and from Clungunford to Lingen Bridge, and from Montgomery to Kerry, and from Montgomery to Brynyderwen, and from the Blue Bell, in the Parish of Churchstoke, to the Farm in the Parish of Kerry, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clive, the Lord Clive, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Com and A Petition of the Merchants concerned in the Cram. Corn Trade, of the Town and Port of Great Yarmouth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation " of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are convinced, the said Bill has been framed evidently with a View to create a Monopoly of the Com Trade in Favour of the Cornfactors of London, to the Prejudice of the Landed Interest of the Kingdom in general, especially of the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, to the great Injury of the Corn Trade in the Out Ports of different Counties, and particularly to that of the Town and Port of Great Yarmouth: And therefore praying, That the same may not be passed into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the several dangerous and partial Regulations contained in the said Bill.

Ditto* A Petition of the several Merchants, and others,

concerned in the Importation and Exportation, and in the Manufacturing, of Corn and Grain, within the County of Southampton, and the Creeks thereto belonging, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice' of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe with Concern, that, by Voi. 40.

certain Clauses in such Bill, the Powers delegated to Grand Juries, at the Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties, by divers Acts of Parliament, to enquire and present, on their Oaths, the Prices of English Cora and Grain, in order to regulate the Importation of Foreign Grain, are to be totally annihilated, and that, instead thereof, a new System is, intended to be substituted, by vesting in a single Individual, in the City of London, a Power to inspect the Weekly Returns of the Corn Factors at Mark Lane (by many of whom he is to be elected and maintained) and to compute, and form, from thence, the Average Prices, which being laid before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, and afterwards published in the Gazette, are to be deemed (without the least Respect to the Difference and Fluctuation of the Average Prices in any other Part of the Nation) the general Average Prices of this Kingdom, and the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, a3 well at London as at every Out Port, are to be accordingly governed thereby; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if such Clauses should pass into a Law, the most grievous Injuries and Distress would result therefrom to many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects, and it would open a Door to Monopoly, Partiality, and Inconvenience: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent the said Bill from passing into a Law; or permit the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, if the Nature of their Case shall require the same.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

A Bill for more effectually preventing Deceits and 'Manufacture Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, of Cordage, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Manufacturers ^and Inhabitants commercial of the City of Coventry, and the adjacent Manufac- intercourse, turing Parishes, was presented to the House, and with Ireland, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the Resolutions brought before the House, respecting the Commercial Regulations now depending betwixt Great Britain and Ireland, which, if carried into Effect, vrill be very injurious to the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and more particularly to the Manufacture of Ribbands carried on in the City and Neighbourhood of Coventry, and that the Duty on Raw and Thrown Silks, imported into Great Britain, is much higher than in Ireland, and, the Petitioners having been informed, that it is not intended to equalize the Duty, by subjecting the Irish to the same Duty on the Importation of Silk as is paid in Great Britain, but by laying a Duty on Irish manufactured Goods when imported into this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners have no Doubt that this Mode of equalizing the Duties will be very injurious to the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain, as it will give great Encouragement to Smuggling; the equalizing Duty, added to the Protecting and Excise Duties, amounting to a very large Proportion of the Value, and Silk Goods, especially the Article of Ribbands, being more peculiarly exposed to Smuggling, on account of their small Bulk, in Proportion to their Value; and that the Duties on the Materials

Cheltenham, tyc. lioads.

African

Coiiipany.

Leave of Absence.

Scotch

Distillery.

*5

taed in difing Silk considerably lower in Ireland, than, in Great Britain, which, together with the cheaper Price of Labour and Provisions, as well as their ‘Parliamentary Bounties, and Exemption from Excise, must consequently give the Irish a decided Advantage over the British Manufacturer: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent the aforesaid Resolutions from passing into a Law; atad that the House will permit the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, in Support of their Allegations.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Master presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending the Roads from a Place called Piss ’$ Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road, at a Place called Pcu'sdown Ash, and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilken-ney, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to JHath, at or near Painszoick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Rutherfoord\ from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door; be was called ill; and, ; at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1783, The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa; distinguishing every Article of Expence H under its; proper Title: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1783, Orders and Regulations:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, "1783, Cursitqr Barons Report.’*

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read,

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers Qf this Session,

Ordered, That Mr. David Murray have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for the Recovery of his Health.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation of (Join Spirits in small Stills in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences to Persons, living in the said Counties, or Districts, to distill Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences.

1 ^1785.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair, " /

General Murray took tfto Chair of the f v

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

General Murray reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

OrderedThat the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. *

Sir Joseph Mtvwbey reported from the Committee, Newuham’s to whom the in grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate.

An Act for confirming a Mortgage made by John Nexcnham, Esquire, of Part of his settled Estates in Sussex, pursuant to a Decree of the High Court of r r Chancery, and for enabling him to make a further Mortgage of his settled Estates, ’according to such Decree, and for discharging both Incumbrances with the Produce of his Estates vested in Trustees to be sold, w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the NewSamm City of New Sarum, was presented to the House, and* Council read; Setting forth, That great Complaints have fre- House>&c* questly been made against Persons carrying Chairs for Hire to and from several Parts of the said City*

Close of the same, and Neighbourhood, for Misbehaviour, and also for demanding unreasonable Pay, qnd, . , .

at present, there is no Power in the Magistrates to licence; or regulate such Chairmen: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to introduce a Clause for the above Purpose in a Bill, in Parliament now petitioning, for building a Council House, and regulating the Tolls of the Fairs and Markets of the said City, in such Form and Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this'

Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them,' to the House.

An ingrosjsed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers, Melton of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Mowbray Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads; Roads, from Mellon Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to , the Guide Post in Saint Margarets Field, Leicester, and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, and other $oads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass And that the Tills be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads, from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lut* taworth, in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. liungerford do carry the Bill tQ tbf Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . ..... ..... Y

2 Mr.

25 Geo. III. 25* Aprilis. 885

Pickering Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to

Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of the se-h veral Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

on Behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of Messuages and Cottages, Lands and Estates, within the Township of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Petition; and had also made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: W'here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rothwell Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according Haigh In- to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain

closure. Open Tract of Land, or Parcel of Uninclosed Ground,

called or known by the Name of Rothxvell Haigh, within the Parish of Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other interested Persons, which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of this Instant April, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Beverley,&e. Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to

Inclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving certain Lands, Grounds, Carrs, and Common Pastures, in Woodmansey, Theame, Wed, and Skidby, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Beverley,&e. Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Drainage. Order, a Bill for draining, preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Edinburgh An ingrossed Bill for opening an easy and , commo-

City. dious Communication from the High Street of Edin-

burgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn-Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas for that Purpose; for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same; for re-building or improving the University; for enlarging the public Markets, and Communications thereto; for regulat-Vol. 40.

ing certain Taxes; for lighting the said City; for providing an additional Supply of Water; and for extending the Royalty of the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for opening an easy and commodious . Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, for that Purpose; for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same; for re-building or improving the University; for enlarging the public Markets, and Communications thereto; for regulating certain Taxes; for lighting the said City; for providing an additional Supply of Water; for extending the Royalty of the said City; and for levying an additional Sum of Money for Statute Labour in the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual several Exeter Poor. Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there* and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Phelips, from the Select Committee, who were Wootton appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti- Basset tion of George Tierney, Esquire, complaining of an Election* undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wootton Basset, in the County of Wilts, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable George Augustus North is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wootton Basset, in the County of Wilts.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable Robert Seymour Conway is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wootton Basset.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Bill for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Bancroft's Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Dying Dis-the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the cove,y*

Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying, staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours throughout that Part of His Majesty’s Kingdom of '

Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eden, the Lord Beauchamp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the Election House, of Friday last, " That this House will not, Petitions.

10 Q in

88(5

5° Aprilis.

A. 1785.

Election " in this Session ef parliament, take into fconsidera-Petition9. tion any of the Petitions , presented to this House, te complaining of an undue Election or Return of " Members to serve in parliament, which are ap-u pointed to be heard, after the Petition of John Henry Southcote, Esquire, complaining of an undue cC Election and Return for the Borough of Clifton u Dartmouth Hardness\ in the County of Devon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

'the House was moved, That the several Orders, appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the Several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns of Meihbers to serve in Parliament for the District df Boroughs of Queens ferry, Sti?iing, Inner-keithing, Dunfermline, and Culross; for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Dunbai', North Hawick, Lauder, anti Jedburgh; for the Borough of Hindon, |q the County of Wilts; for the County of rife; for tile Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk; for the City and County of the City of Bristol; for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon; for the Burghs of Dunifries, Sanquhar, Annan, Loch-maben, and Kirkcudbright; for the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster; for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset; for the City of Westminster; and for the Town and Port of Seaford, In the County of Sussex, might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the same were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of Colonel James Francis Erskine, of Forrest, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Queensferry, Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dunfermline, and Culross, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 1st Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough of Lancaster', in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and also, the Petition of John Lozvther, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 4th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Johnstone, complaining'of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Jedburgh, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 5th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Hands and Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and other Voters in the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 6th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir John Henderson, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Fife, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 7th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 8th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Daubeny,

Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, severally complaining of an undue, Election and Return for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 11th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 12th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Augustus Sel-wyn, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan,

Lochmaben, and Kirkcudbright, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 13th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 14th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Johnstone,

Esquire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Smith,

Esquire, John Pearson, Clerk, Edward Williams, Gentlemen, John fudge, Senior, George Haiwrey, and George Brooks, Electors of the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset, on Behalf of themselves and others the Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 15th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the City of Westminster, on Behalf themselves and several Thousand others, Electors for the said City; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many Thousand other Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and many Thousand other Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City and Liberty, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 18th Day of July next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster,

Baronet, and Thomas Alves, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parson Esquire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Lower, John Howell, John Towner, Thomas Bean, William Hasting,

James Woolgar, and John Woolgar, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants and Electors of the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, having a Right to vote for Barons to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Town and Port, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the 19th Day of July nexk at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. Gilberty according to Order, reported from the Supply.

1 Committee

GeO. III. $5 ° Apri887

Comfeittefe of the "whole House, *6 Whtftft it w&s referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-nine thousand Two hundred Ninety-one Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Subsidies due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassely and to the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, pursuant to Treaty, for the Year 1785.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Nine hundred Eighty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted on Account, for the Annual Subsidy due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, pursuant to Treaty, for the Year 1784.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand and Twenty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the Year 1785.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Charge of compleating the Branch of Road in North Britain from Batlantrae in Ayrshire, to Stranraer in Galloway, for the Year 1785.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ways and Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from Meang. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read ih his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi%.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Seven hundred and Two thousand Five hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1785, of the Surplus of the Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Dumfries Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire.of Dumfries, in the room of Sir Robert: Laurie, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Knight Marishall of Scotland.

Gibraltar The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Priae Money. Reading of the Bill for authorizing the Prize Agents, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing the said Garrison, all such Sums as shall remain or come to their Hands of the Bounty allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War;

Vol. 40.

'Ordered, Th&f the said Bill be tioW read a Second Time.

Then the Coufnsel against thfe Bill was called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Stephen Fuller, Rose Fuller, and John Bowman, Esquires, Agents for the Gibraltar' Head Money and Prifle Money, was also read*

And then the Counsel was directed to withdraw.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Assent Usher of the Black Rod: to Bilb.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission* for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House ill the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Howe, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for making Tw o additional Docks and Piers in or near the Port of Liverpool.

An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham.

An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Timberland, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for taking down the present Market House, and certain other Buildings, in the Town of Uxbridge, for the Purpose of widening the High Street; and for paving the Footways, and lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town* and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for changing the Course of the Road between Mercers Bridge and High Bridge', and for re-building the said Market House.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, and Passages, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, called The Waterside Division, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for lighting and watching certain Parts of and belonging to the Turnpike Road leading from the East End of New Street, in Southwark, to Deptford, in the County

Gibraltar

PrizeMoney.

888 250 Aprilis. A. 1785.

County of Kent, within the said Waterside Division of into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said the said Parish, therein mentioned. Bill.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr.

Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Montagu:

West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to Mr. Speaker,

the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Lizard Middleton, in the County of York. Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Waste, or Inciosure.

An Act to enable the Right honourable George Evelyn Common, called Lizard Common, within the Parish of Viscount Falmouth, and others, and the Guardians of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop; with-their Issue Male, to make Leases of the Estates in out any Amendment: And also,

Cornwall, devised by the Will of Hugh late Viscount The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Arun Falmouth, deceased, and also to grant Sets and Leases Act for amending and improving the Navigation of Navigation, of the Mines therein. the River Arun from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of

An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Counties of Houghton, in the County of Sussex, to Pallenham Wharf,

Kent and Somerset, and in the City of London-, devised in the Parish of IVisborough Green, in the said County, by the Will of Thomas late Earl of Leicester, deceased, and for continuing and extending the Navigation of in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money the said River Arun from the said Wharf called Pal-arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, lenharn Wharf, to a certain Bridge called New Bridge, situate in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the situate in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough same Uses. Green, in the said County of Sussex; without any

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Amendment: And also, and Common Arable Fields, and the Down or Common The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An prodington called Colerne Down, within the Parish of Colerne, in the Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and inclosurr. County of Wilts. Waste Lands called Frodington, otherwise Fraddington,

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the otherwise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common and Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor Wastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Portsea, of Egleston, in the County of Durham. and County of Southampton; with some Amendments;

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence Common Meadows, Heath, and Waste Lands, lying of this House: And also, .

within the Manor and Parish of Meriden, in the County The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Holt's of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for for vesting Two Thirty-sixth Shares of the Navigation Estate, that Purpose. of the River Douglas, alias Asland, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing* the several Lancaster, Part of the settled Estates of Edxcard Holt,

Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the the Townships of Wykeham and Ruston, in the Manor Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands of Wykeham, in the North Riding of the County of and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the York. same Uses; to wffiich the Lords desire the Concurrence of

An Act to enable William Pemberton, Esquire, and this House: And also, his First and other Sons, and their Issue, to take, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Lord King'* use, and bear the Name and Arms of Cludde, for vesting in Trust, for Peter Lord King, and his Estate, pursuant to the Will of Edward Cludde, Esquire, Heirs, the Inheritance, in Fee'Simple, of a Messuage, deceased. or Dwelling House, in Dover Street, in the County of

Middlesex, devised and limited by the Will of Thomas Then the Counsel against the Bill for authorizing Lord King, deceased, and for settling a Farm, Lands, the Prize Agents, appointed by the Officers of the and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, in lieu Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will; to which Corps composing the said Garrison, all such Sums as the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House, shall remain or come to their Hands of the Bounty And then the Messengers withdrew’, allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of

War, was again called in and heard, and examined The Lord Beauchamp, from the Select Committee Saltash several Witnesses in Support of the Petition against the who w^ere appointed to try and determine the Merits Election, said Bill, and went through his Evidence. of the Petition of the Right honourable George Gordon,

And then he was directed to withdraw. commonly called Lord Strathaven, and John Curtis,

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill. Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return

And a Motion being made, and the Question being for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, proposed, That the Bill be committed; informed the House, That the said Select Committee

The House was moved, That the Report, which, have determined, upon the 6th Day of this Instant April, was made That the Right honourable Charles Jenkinson, the from the Committee to whom the Petition of Lieu- Sitting Member, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in tenant General , Sir Robert Boyd, Knight of the Bath, this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in and Lieutenant Governor of Gibraltar, in Behalf of the County of Cornwall

his Brother Officers and Soldiers of the Garrison of And also, That the said Select Committee have Gibraltar, who, by a Vote of Parliament, were entitled determined,

to receive Head and Prize Money for the Floating That Charles Ambler, Esquire, the Sitting Member,

Batteries destroyed on the 13th of September 1782, and is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Par-for the Spanish Ship of War Saint Michael, which was ' liamentfor the said Borough of Saltash. taken the October following, was referred, might be And the said Determinations were ordered to be again read. entered in the Journals of this House.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect General

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the Progress made by Mr. Cunningham, One of the Index to of the whole House. Persons appointed to make a General Index to the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Journals of this House; and to report the same, with Sevennight, the 3d Day of May next, resolve itself their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And

as Geo. III. 35 6 Ap889

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alderman

Sawbridge, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Dempster, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Page, Mr. Honywood, Mr. Brett, the Earl of Surrey, Mr. Marsham, Mr. Eden, the Lord Maitland\ Mr. Powys, Mr. Bramston, Major Grant, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, Mr. Salt, Mr. Penrud-docke, Mr. Popham, Mr. Drake, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Jenkinson, the Lord Beauchamp, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Buller, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Alderman Nexviiham, Mr. Long; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Plate Glass The Order of the Day being read, for the House Mauufac- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houses uras‘ to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Means. Resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resblved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Commercial Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Intercourse resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, with Ireland. to consjder further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Glass Manufacturers of London, Bristol, Newcastle, and Glasgow, and had closed the Evidence in Behalf of the said Petition; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Fees, cVc. Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords of Public to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commis-

Offices. sioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist ill the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur

Voi~4(k

to them for the better conducting and managing the Business* transacted in the said Offices, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Wyndham Grenville reported from the Committee who were appointed to search the Journals of this House, touching the Usage of the House in Cases of Reports of Committees of Privileges or Elections, respecting the Conduct of Returning Officers, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had examined the Matters referred to them, and bad searched Precedents for that Purpose; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee appointed to search the Journals of this House, touching the Usage of the House in Cases of Reports of Committees of Privileges or Elections, respecting the Conduct of Returning Officers,

Having, in Obedience to the Commands of the House, carefully examined the Journals with respect to the Matter referred to them, beg Leave to report* That they have found a great Variety of Cases relating thereto; but, as they conceive that these differ from each other in several very essential Points, they have thought it their Duty to state to the House the Substance of each, referring to the Journals themselves for the whole Proceedings at large, which could not have been here inserted without swelling this Report to an unreasonable Size. They have also thought it right to class them under such general Heads as might, in their Opinion, tend to give a clearer View , of the Subject; observing, however, with respect to this Arrangement, that in many of the earlier Cases it is Matter of much Difficulty and Doubt, because the whole Pro^ ceedings were not at that Time entered on the Journals, but only such Notes and Abstracts of them as were made by the Clerk.

And, a a the Order of this Arrangement depends on the different Forms in which Reports have been made to the House from the Committees of Privileges and Elections, they think it right, in the First Instance, to state, that the earliest Entry which they find on the Journals, of the Appointment of any suck General Committee, occurs In the Proceedings of the 2 2d of March 1603; though there is Reason to believe that the Practice began somewhat earlier. The Committee then appointed, was a Select Committee for Matters of Privileges and Elections, consisting only of particular Members named by the House. And Ibis Mode of Appointment was continued till 1673, when an Order was made (October 30th) That all who came should have Voices; which Order has since that Time always been adopted.

Your Committee now proceed to state the different Cases upon your Journals, under the following general Heads:

I". Cases where the House has proceeded against Returning Officers, on Reports from Committees, containing Resolutions respecting only the Merits of the Return or Right of Election, unaccompanied by any other Matter.

II\ Cases where the House has proceeded against Returning Officers, on Reports from Committees, containing Resolutions eliminating the Returning Officer, but unaccompanied by any State of the Case, or of the Evidence produced before them.

IIP. Cases where the House has proceeded against Returning Officers, on Reports from Committees, containing Resolutions respecting only the 10 R Retort*

Elections — . Conduct of Returning Officers.


Elections — Conduct of Returning Officer*.

850

25° Apri

A. 1785.

Return or Right of Election, but accompanied either by the State of the Case as it appeared to them, or by the Evidence produced before them.

IVth. Cases where the House ha3 proceeded against Returning Officers, on Reports from Committees, containing Resolutions criminating such* Returning Officers, together with the State of the Case, Qr the Evidence produced before them.

FIRST HEAD.

Cases where the House has proceeded against Returning Officers, on Reports from Committees, containing Resolutions respecting only the Merits of the Return or Right of Election, unaccompanied by any other Matter.

Wycombe, May 5th, 1660. Report received respecting the Double Return, with the Resolutions of the Committee thereon. — The Mayor ordered to attend to amend the Return. — May 9th, The Mayor amends’ the Return, and the House resolve, 44 That the Mayor be committed to the Serjeant at Arms, 44 until further Order, for his Abuse in making a false Return."

East Loo, May 5th, 1660. Report received, That the Mayor had made a Double Return, and that none of the Persons so returned ought to sit till the Merits were determined. — House resolve, 44 That the Mayor be summoned to appear at the Bar of the House, to answer his Misdemeanor in making an insufficient Return of Members; and that he bear the Charge of the Summons." — May 26th, A Petition from the Mayor read, and the House resolved, " That the Mayor be discharged from his further Attendance, 44 he paying the Charge of the Summons."

Lestzcithiel, May 5th, 1660. Report received, That the Mayor had made a Double Return, and that none of the Persons so returned ought to sit till the Merits were determined. — House resolve, " That the Mayor " be summoned to appear at the Bar of this House, to answer his Misdemeanor in making an insufficient Return of Members; and that he bear the Charge of " the Summons." — June 4th, Farther Report received, and resolved, 44 That the Mayor be discharged from further Attendance or Restraint."

Scarborough, June 21st, 1660. Report received, That the Petitioner was duly elected. — the House resolve, " That, in regard of the Misdemeanor of the Bailiffs, in returning Mr. Ledgard, though he had 44 a lesser Number of Voices, and neglecting to return Mr. Thompson, though he had a greater, both the Bailiffs be forthwith sent for, in Custody, 44 by the Serjeant." — July 11th, A Petition from the Bailiffs read, and ordered, 44 That the Bailiffs be discharged."

Bristol, October 30th, 1666. Report received, That Sir Humphrey Hooke w as duly elected, and ought to sit. — Ordered, 44 That the now Mayor, heretofore Sheriff, of Bristol, be committed to the Custody of the Serjfeant at Arms, for his Misdemeanor in making a false Return." — October 31st, Mayors Petition rjad, and resolved, 44 That the Mayor be discharged."

SECOND HE A Dt

Cases where the House has proceeded against Returning Officers, on Reports from Committees, containing Resolutions criminating the Returning Officer, but unaccompanied by any

State of the Case, or of the Evidence produced before them.

Gloucestershire, April 17th, 1640. Report received touching the Election; they found many Misdemeanors in the Carriage of that Election, and therefore the Committee was of Opinion, the Sheriff was to be sent for, as a Delinquent, by the Serjeant. — Ordered, upon the Question, 44 to be sent for, as ao*

44 cused to be a Delinquent, by the Serjeant" — April 21st, A Member undertakes for his Appearance, and the Warrant for bringing him by the Serjeant at Arms is respited.

Westbury, November 26th, 1680. Report received touching the Election and Return. — Chairman informs the House of several Miscarriages and Misdemeanors committed by the late Mayor in the Election. Ordered, 44 That the said Mayor be sent for,

44 in Custody of the Serjeant, to answer, at the Bar of the House, for the great Misdemeanors by him committed." — December 15th, Ordered, 44 That the late Mayor of Westbury, in Custody of the Serjeant,

44 be brought to the Bar* and do receive the Censure of the House, upon his Knees, and be then discharged" — which was done.

Barnstaple, December 24th, 1680. Report received respecting the Persons duly elected. — Chairman further acquaints the House with several Misdemeanors by the late Mayor, at the said Election. Ordered, 44 That the late Mayor be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer at the Bar for the Misdemeanors." — January 3d, Mayor’s Petition read; Ordered 44to 44 be brought to the Bar on the Morrow."

TH.IRD HEAD.

Cases where the House has proceeded against Returning Officers, on Reports from Committees, containing Resolutions respecting only the Return or Right of Election, but accompanied either by the State of the Case as it appeared to them, or by the Evidence produced before them.

Oxford, February 9th, 1620. Report received, containing a Resolution, That the Petitioner was elected; and stating the Case, that the Mayor and Magistrates had made a Pre-election, and returned the other Candidate. — The House agreed, and ordered, 44 That the Mayor shall be sent for, by the Serjeant, for his Misdemeanor."

Brecknockshire, July 25th, 1661. Report received, touching the Difference between Sir Herbert Price and Sir Henry IViUiams in the Election; several Miscarriages therein; and the Opinion of the Committee, That the Election was void, which was agreed to by the House. — Debated, concerning the Sheriff being sent for — Adjourned. — July 27th, Ordered, 44 That the Sheriff do attend in the next Meeting of the Parlia- nient, to answer his Miscarriage in the Election, and be it the Charge of the Summons." — November 22d, The Sheriff ordered to be discharged of further Attendance."

Plympton, October 27th, 1666. Report received, stating the Manner of the Double Return, with Committee’s Opinion of it. — Ordered, 44 That the High Sheriff and Under Sheriff of the County, and the Mayor of the Town, be sent for, in the Custody of " the Serjeant at Arms, or his Deputy, for their Misdemeanor and Abuse in making the Returns." — November 29th, Committee report, That the Petition against the Sitting Member is withdrawn. — Ordered, 14 That the Sheriffs and Mayor be discharged."

Corfs

)gl(

25 Geo. III.

'25°

s.

Corse Casile, April 12th, if)7g.Report received respecting the Merits of the Election, and stating the Evidence of Witnesses in the present Case. — -Ordered, 44 That the Mayor be sent for, in the Custody of the Serjeant, to answer his Miscarriages in the Return-

44 ing of Members."---- May 12th, Mayor’s Petition

read, praying to be discharged from Confinement-Called to the Bar, and reproved by the Speaker, and ordered to be discharged.

Stockbridge, Novmbe?' 15th, 1689. Report received, declaring the Election void, and stating the Case and Evidence; which proving Bribery in the Bailiff and others — Ordered, 44 That the Bailiff, fyc. be sent for, 44 in Custody of the Serjeant, for giving and taking Bribes." — November 27th, Bailiff’s, &;c. Petition; ordered to be discharged — Called to the Bar, and severally reproved for their Offences by the Speaker, and discharged.

Bedford, April 12th, 1690. Report received respecting the Merits of the Election, and stating the Evidence and the Case as it appeared to the Committee. — Ordered, 44 That the Under Sheriff of the County be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant, 44 for his Misdemeanor touching the Return." — Ordered, 44 That the Mayor of Bedford be taken into 114 the Custody of the Serjeant, for his Misdemeanor in the Election." — April 22d, Sheriff’s Petition fread; ordered to be brought to the Bar. — 23d, Upon his humble Acknowledgment and Submission, ordered to be discharged. — 28th, Mayor discharged on petitioning.

Nezvark, January 11th, 1699. Report received, containing Three Resolutions respecting the Merits and Right of Election, and also stating the Case, and the Evidence produced to the Committee. — Ordered, 44 That the late Mayor, for his irregular Proceedings at the Election, be taken into the Custody of the Ser- jeant" — January 23d, Mayor’s Petition read; ordered to be brought to the Bar. — 24th, Brought to the Bar, and on his Knees reprimanded; — Ordered to be discharged.

Coventry, February 24th, 1701. Report received respecting the Merits of the Return and Election, and stating the Whole of the Case and Evidence produced to the Committee. — The House resolve, 44 That the Sheriffs are guilty of a False and Double Return, 44 and of divers indirect Practices in the Election, 44 and the Under Sheriff of divers illegal and par- tial Proceedings." — Ordered, 44 That the said She- riffs and Under Sheriff be taken into Custody of the Serjeant."--They abscond.

Sudbury, January 19th, 1702. Report received respecting the Merits of the Election, and stating the whole Case and Evidence produced to the Committee. — The House resolve, 4fc That it appears to this House, 44 that the late Mayor was, at the last Election, guilty of great Violence, and many indirect Practices." — Ordered, 44 That the said Mayor be, for his said Offences, taken into Custody."

Saint Ives, December 8th, 1702. Report received, stating the Case and Evidence, and containing Two* Resolutions: — The First respecting the Right of Election, which the House amended and agreed to The Second, that the Sitting Member was duly elected. The House disagreed, and resolved, 44 That 44.the Petitioner was duly elected;" and resolved, 44 That the Mayor is guilty of making a False Re- turnAnd ordered, 44 That the said Mayor be, 44 for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the

44 Serjeant at Arms."--December 16th, A Petition from the Mayor read — He is ordered to be brought to the Bar. — December 17th, Mayor brought to the

Vol. 4(X

Bar, and received a Reprimand from the Speaker, and Election* —

ordered to be discharged. Conduct of

Returning

Ilchester, January 28th, 1703. Report received re- Officer*, specting the Merits of the Election, and stating the whole Case and Evidence produced to the Committee. — The House resolve, 44 That it appears to this House, that the late Bailiff hath been guilty of arbitrary and illegal Proceedings in the late Elec- J

44 tion."-^Ordered, 44 That the said Bailiff be taken into Custody"

Norwich, December 6th, 1705. Report received, containing Two Resolutions respecting the Merits of the Election, and stating the whole Case and Evidence produced to the Committee. — The House resolve,

44 That the late Mayor, by printing and publishing a 44 Bye Law, 8$c. S$c. in the late Election, is guilty of an illegal and arbitrary Proceeding." — Ordered,

44 That the said Mayor be, for his said Offence,

44 taken into the Custody of the Serjeant" — December 13th, Mayors Petition read. Ordered to the Bar. —

December 14th, Brought to the Bar, and on his Knees received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker. — Ordered to be discharged.

Tavistock, February 3d, 1710. Report received containing Three Resolutions — 1st, That Henry Manaton not duly elected; 2d, That James Bulteel the Petitioner duly elected; 3d, That the Petitioner hath fully made good the Allegation of the Petition relating to the tampering with the Witnesses: And stating the Case and Evidence produced to the Committee. — House agreed, and resolved, 44 That the Port- reeve was guilty of many corrupt and indirect Practices in relation to the Election." — 44 That the said Portreeve be, for his said Offence, taken into the

44 Custody of the Serjeant at Arms."----- December

2 ad, Upon Report from the Serjeant, that he had not paid his Fees — Ordered, 44 to be again taken into Custody."

Shaftesbury, January 24th, 1719. Report received, containing Two Resolutions — 1st, Mr. Benson not duly elected; 2d, Sir Edward Des Bouverie duly elected: And stating the whole Case and Evidence produced to the Committee — The House agree, to the Resolutions, and resolve, 44 That the Mayor was guilty of arbitrary and illegal Practices at the late Election, 8?c" — Ordered, 44 That the said Mayor be,

44 for his illegal Practices, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant.

FOURTH HEAD.

Cases where the House has proceeded against Returning Officers, on Reports from Committees, containing Resolutions criminating such Returning Officers, together with the State of the Case, or the Evidence produced before them.

Cardigan, April 13th, 1604. Report received, stating the Case of the Election, and Conduct of the Sheriff, and that he ought to be censured. — Ordered,

44 That Mr. Speaker should direct his Warrant to the Serjeant of the House, for attaching the Body of the Sheriff, $c"

Leicestershire, February 7th and 8th, 1620. Report received respecting the Merits of the Election, with a State of the Case and Evidence, and containing the Resolutions of the Committee, That the Return of the Sitting Members be certified, and the Sheriff be sent for, and abide the Censure of the House. —

The House agree, and order the High Sheriff and u Under Sheriff both to be brought to the Bar as Delinquents."* — Mr. Speaker chargeth him as a

great

%3 35° A

Electiona-r great Offender to this House end the State, .$c.

Rfturoin^ That, knowing Sir George Hastings to be elected by

Offers?5 the greatest Number, he refused to return the felec-r #r tion of Sir Gdarge, chbSe, dhd returrtbd another. — Heard in his Defence — Under Sheriff heard — tetirfed — They brought to the Bar again, and kneeled- Then the High Sheriff willed by Mr. Speaker to stand bp — That this a House of Justice and Mercy — ^Confessed) hi* Offence — that is soriry for it, and prayeth Pardon; which proaounfced by the Speaker. — The Under Sheriff pardoned.

WtriCkzUea, March jd, 1623. Report offered con-tJcrfting tVindhtlMa. — No Opteion «$ven at the Com-teittee, bat proved by Three Witnesses, That thi Mayor ntftabiy rftisdemeanod himself, <ffc. <§*c. Corn-ftiktoe tfetWght fit this Mayor should ba sent fot. — Ordered, " The Maydr of WihcM&ea shall be aent for

by a Messenger/* — March 18th, Farther Report d&Stofidf* Itffe Election void, #M stirffog the MiSde-meaOOrs of the Mayor, and propouhefthg his Punishment, vits, " To be comrttftfed to the Serjeant, and " then to Wiake Ms Stibitrfsifion in this House, and

tMeti afterwards in the Cdddtry.’ — House agree, and resolve, upon Question, "That tile Mayor hafth " comini,tied a Contempt and Misdemeanor against " this House; sliaU therefore Stapd committed tiU *e Saturday Morning, to majee his Submission here at " Bar, apd in the Town.7’ — Resolved, upon Question*

" That Paul IVimatpi (the Mayor) shall be called in* u and heard before Sentence," — Called in, and brought, to tlje Bar, apd kneeled — Demanded what he could say for himself — Mr. Speaker gave him his Charge — His, Defence, <§*c. heard — Resolved, upon (Question, " That the Two Tilfens ought to have " Voice in the Election" — The Mayor brought to the Bar again, and Mr. Speaker pronounced his Sentence upoo him.

Carnfaitigeshtre, March #h, 1623. Report received, containing these Resolutions: 1st, That the Eteetion ?of the Two Knight? there void; 2d, That the Return made by the Sheriff, of Persons not, elected, a Misdemeanor: And their Opinion to have the Sheriff

sent for. — The Hopse agree, and order, upon Question, That this Under Sheriff shall be sent for by the Segeatit at Arms, to x attend this House. — March 15th, A Petition from the Under Sheriff read. — 16th, Under Sheriff brought to the fear, and charged — His Defence heard — Withdraws — Witness brought in and examined. — Resolved, upon Question, " That this " Under Sheriff shall be committed to the Serjeant’s 44 Custody till Thursday next;" — " That, making his 41 Submission then at the Bar, and Acknowledging his " Offence, he shall be discharged." — " That this 4‘ Under Sheriff shall make a further Submission, u openly, at the next Quarter Sessions to be holden in the County, and acknowledge his Fault"

York City, April 4th* 1628. Report received, Stating several Misdemeanors in Two Aldermen and the Two Sheriffs. — Upon Question, " The Two Aldermen to be sent for as Delinquents" — Upon Question, " The Two Sheriffs to be sent for as Definquents."^-4/>n7 29th, Further Report, stating Alderman Hoyle duly elected, and concerning the Sheriffs and Aldermen sent for from York, — stating their Offences, and that One Sheriff and One Alderman to be discharged per the Opinion of the Committee — Upon Question, " To be discharged" — Upon Question, " The other Sheriff and Alderman " to be committed to the Serjeant, during the Plea-41 sure of the House; to make Submission and Acknowledgment gf their Offence at the Bar on their u Kuees; to pay the Charges of the Witnesses which " came up about the Election." — 30th, Called to the JBar, and Judgment pronounced by the Speaker,

'prills. A. 1785.

Coventry, Afrit 9th, 1628. Report received, stating the Case of Two Indentures returned, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; and that the Committee thought fit that the Sheriff' should, at the fear of the House, acknowledge his Error. — Upon Question, " Resolution agreed to" — Upon Question,

" That Ojae of the Sheriffs be called to the Bar, and u acknowledge his Error in not returning Mr. Greet " and Mr. Purefey, being elected by the major Part # " of the Electors." — Called in, and charged- by Mr. Speaker; he pleadeth Ignorance, and that he was ftiisled by the Statute 1st Henry 5th — Withdrawn, and called in again: and kneeling at the Bar, Mr. Speaker teilelh him, The House is pleased, upon Acknowledgment of his Error, to remit him from further Punishment

East Grinstead, April 24th, 1640. Report received* stating a Complaint, that the Bailiff did threaten, before the Election — Ordered, upon the Question,

" Bailiff shall be sent for, by the Messenger of this u House, as a Delinquent, for Misdemeanors by " him committed at, before, and since the Election."

Mdrhrw, November 9th, 1640. Report received^ stating the Case, and containing the Opinion of the Committee: 1st, That Mr. Boriacc, returned in both Indentures, ought to sit: 2d, That Mr. Hobby, returned in the other, ought to forbear: 3d, That the Under Sheriff hath committed a Misdemeanor, and ought to be sent for as a Delinquent. — House agree — *-Resolved, " That the Under Sheriff shall be sent for " as a Delinquent" — Bailed December 3d.

Tewksbury, November 9th, 1640. Report received, stating the Case of the Returns; the Committee conceive it fit, that all the Four Persons returned forbear to sit till the Election be determined; and that the Bailiff be sent for as a Delinquent, for returning Two Indentures, the one contrary to the other. — House agreed, and resolved, " That the Bailiff be sent for,

" by a Serjeant at Arms, as a Delinquent" — December 3d, Resolved, upon the Question, " That the Bailiff " formerly sent for as a Delinquent, and now in Custody, shall forthwith be discharged."

Chichester, May 21st, 1660. Report respecting the Right of Election, and stating the Misconduct of the Mayor. — Ordered, That the Mayor be forthwith committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms till further Orders — Called to the Bar, and his Charge and Sentence pronounced by the Speaker. — May 24th, Resolved, That the Mayor, now in Custody, be discharged and set at Liberty.

Haslemere, May 20th, 1661. Report received respecting the Merits of the Election, and stating, that the Bailiff had said, he could return whom he pleased, &c. — House resolve, " That the Serjeant at Anns do " bring the Bailiff, in Custody, to the Bar of this " House, Tomorrow Morning, to answer his Misdemeanor in making the Return, and amend the " Return of the Writ." — May 21st, Brought to the Bar, and reproved; and, appearing very ignorant, and craving Mercy, was commanded to withdraw — Brought again, and humbly craving Mercy and Pardon on his Knees, ordered " to be discharged from " Custody.*’ v

Northainpton, June 13th, 1661. Report received, stating the Election void, and divers Miscarriages by the Mayor, touching the Election, $c. — Ordered, " That the Mayor, for his Miscarriages in the Election, §c> be committed to the Custody of the Ser-4< jeant; and that the Serjeant do apprehend and take " him into Custody." — 20th, Reprimanded, *nd‘ discharged.

Chippenham,

2$ Geo. III.

2 50 Ap

Chippenham, June 20th, i6Gi. Report received, stating the Election void, and the Miscarriages of the Bailiff. — Resolved, " That the Bailiff be sent for iii " Custody, to answer his Miscarriage at the Election;

" and his Insolence before the Committee, SCc. and " that the Serjeant, or his Deputy; do apprehend and " bring him up in Custody*" — June 27th, Brought to the Bar, and upon his Knees humbly acknowledged his Miscarriages, and begged the Pardon of the House. — Resolved, Upon the Question, " That " his Submission be accepted," and ordered to be discharged.

AmershdWi, November 6th, 1669. Report received, Stating that a Return was made by a Constable hot duly qualified, and that the said Constable had committed a Misdemeanor. — Ordered, " That the Constable be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at cc Arrlis, and brought to the Bar upon his Misdemeanor in making a false Return." — November 17th, Constable's Petition read; the Matter debated — brought to the Bar, and ordered " to attend the " Committee of Elections on that Day Sevennight," and discharged.

Ilaslcmcre, November 11th, 1680. Report received respecting the Election and Return, and stating the Misdemeanor of the Bailiff. — House agree, and order, " That the Bailiff be sent for in Custody of the " Serjeant at Arms, to answer at the Bar for the " Misdemeanors by him committed in the Election."

— November 26th, brought to the Bar, censured, and discharged.

Bristol, December 20th, 1680. Report received, containing Two Resolutions; 1st, That Sir Robert Cann was not^duly elected; 2d, That Mr. Henley was duly elected. — House disagree to the 2d, and declare the Election void. — Chairman also reported, That the Mayor and Sheriffs did, at the Time of the Election, impose an Oath upon the Electors before they came to give their Votes. — Ordered, " That the said Mayor and Sheriffs " be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms." — They abscond.

Dartmouth, November 28th, 1689. Report received respecting the Right of Election, and stating the Mis-demeanbrs of the Mayor in making Freemen illegally. — House agree, and order, " That the Mayor be sent for in " Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for his Misdemeanors touching the Election." — December' 4th, Mayor’s Petition read; ordered to be discharged — Brought ty the Bar, reproved, and discharged.

Weymouth, March 17th, 1710. Report received, stating the Case, and containing Resolutions, That the Election was void, and that the Mayor was guilty of several arbitrary and illegal Practices. — House agree to the Resolutions, and order, " That the Mayor be " taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for the " said arbitrary and illegal Practices." — March 29th, Mayor’s Petition read; ordered to be brought to the Bar. — April 2d, Brought to the Bar, reprimanded, and discharged.

Corse Castle, January 21st, 171S. Report received, Electioni — stating the Cake of the Election,. and Evidence pro- Conduct of duced; and containing the Resolutions of the Committee^.That the Petitioner was duly elected, and that >c the Mayor was guilty of divers arbitrary and illegal Practices in the Election, and of a Contempt in not obeying the Orders of the Committee, for the producing of the Charters of the Borough, in his

Custody.----- The House agree to all the Resolutions,

and order, " That the Mayor be, for his said arbitra- ~

" ry and illegal Practices, and for his said Contempt;

" taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms."

— January 31 st, Mayor’s Petition read — he is ordered to be brought to the Bar. — February 2d, Brought to the Bar, reprimanded by the Speaker; and discharged.

Shoreham, January 29th, 1771. Report received, stating that the Conduct of the Returning Officer, id taking the Poll, and making the Return at the last Election, was illegal. — Ordered, " That the Returning " Officer do attend this House ow Thursday the 14th of c< February." — February 8th, Returning Officer called in — his Charge read — directed to withdraw — called in again; and having said, That he was not guilty of the Charge contained in the said Resolutions, the Original Poll taken at the Election was produced, and John Browne examined in Support of the Charge: And then the said Hugh Roberts, the Returning Officer, was heard in his Defence; and having proposed to produce Evidence in Support of what he had alledged in his Defence, he was again directed to withdraw. — February 12th,

Called in again, and produced several Witnesses, who were examined in his Defence. — Directed to withdraw.

— Resolved, " That Hugh Roberts, the late Returning " Officer, $c. having, &;c. <SfC. hath thereby acted " illegally, and in Breach of the Privilege of this " House." — Ordered, " That the said Hugh Roberts " be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the c< Serjeant at Arms." — February 13th. A Petition from the Returning Officer read. — Ordered to be brought to the Bar Tomorrow. — February 14th, Brought to the Bar, where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody.

Having thus reported the Substance of the different Cases in which the House have proceeded against Returning Officers on the Ground of Reports from Committees of Privileges or Elections, your Committee proceed to state Instances which they have found on the Journals, of a contrary Nature. Of these, your Committee have found only Four, which are as follow:

Grimsby, May .5th, 1675. Committee report the State of the Case, and Two Resolutions; 1st, That Sir Christopher Wj'ay is duly elected; 2d, That the Sheriff of Lincolnshire be sent for in Custody for making

an undue Return.---- On Question, the House agreed

to the First, and disagreed to the Second, of these Resolutions.

Southwark, February 7th, 1711. Report received, containing Three Resolutions; 1st, That the Bailiff could not, under the Circumstances there stated, proceed to a Scrutiny; 2d, That Edmund Halsey not duly elected; 3d, That Sir George Matthews duly elected; — and, stating the whole Case and Evidence

produced to the Committee.---- The House agree to

the Three Resolutions, and then resolve, " That the " Bailiff was guilty of arbitrary and illegal Proceedings, in Breach of the Privilege of the House, " and tending to the Subversion of the Freedom of " Election." — Ordered, " That the said Bailiff be, " for his said Offence, taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms."

Vol.. 40.

Clithero, February 2d, 1693. Committee report the Evidence and Resolutions respecting the Merits of the Election — The House disagree — A Motion being made to send for the Sheriff in Custody, it passed in the Negative.

Arundel, Februwy 22d, 1693. Committee report the Evidence and Three Resolutions; 1st, Respecting the Right of Election; 2d, Lord Waulen not duly elected; 3d, Mr. Cook duly elected. — House agree — Motion being made to send for the Mayor in Custody, it passed in the Negative.

Bedford, April 16th, 1728. Committee report the Case and Evidence with Four Resolutions, respecting 10 S the

§94 2 5° —

the Merits of the Election; to which the House agreed. It was then moved, That the Mayor, by not returning Mr. Metcalfe, was guilty of a manifest Violation of the Laws, and Breach of Privilege — The< House divided, and it passed in the Negative.

Your Committee think it proper to add, That there are a great variety of Cases on the Journals, where the House have not proceeded against Returning Officers, when Committees have reported against the Return, and even when they have accompanied their Report with Evidence which appears to affect the Returning Officer; but your Committee conceived it to be as useless, as it would have been difficult, for them to have enumerated every such Case, as an Attempt of that Nature would have required an In-' vestigation of the Whole of the Evidence reported on > each Case.

Your Committee have found, That on the nth of January 1694, a Select Committee was appointed by the House, "to inspect Precedents;" what Censures have " been inflicted upon Officers making false Rer " turns, and to report the same." And that on the 6th of Febrtmy following the y made a Report, containing only the Case of York above reported. They were then directed to examine further; and in the next Session a similar Committee was appointed, but it does not appear that any further Report was made.

Your Committee having now stated to the House, the Whole of what they have been able to discover on the Subject referred to them, have only to request the Indulgence of the House for any Omissions which may have been made in the Course of so extensive a Research into a Subject, dispersed over every Part of the voluminous Records of the House.

Ordered', Jhat suCha Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Cricklade The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Election — Thursday last, for further adjourning, till Tomorrow Conduct of Morning) the adjourned Debate on the Question, pro-Officer!"8 posed upon the 14th Day of this Instant April, That the House do agree with the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Hencage, and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, in the Resolution, " That the Conduct of the Returning Officer, " in taking the Poll, and making the Return, at the last " Election of Memflfers to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was u partial and illegal, whereby a colourable Majority was " obtained on the Poll for Mr. Adamson and Mr. Coxe" might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Friday Morning next. *

j

Cardiff A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and

Roads. other inhabitants of the District of Cardiff,\ in the County of Glamorgan, residing near to the Roads within the said District herein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That continuing of the Turnpike Road from the Six Mile Stone, on Caerphilly Common, on the Road from the Town of Cardiff\ to the Town of Caerphilly, and from thence to join with the Monmouthshire Turnpike Road at Bedxvas Bridge, and from th^ Turnpike Road at a Place called Nant Garw, to the Town of Caerphilly

’ Apr ills, A. 1785.

aforesaid, containing, in Length, about Four Miles and Three Quarters, will be of very great public Utility, and render a more easy Access from the County of Monmouth, through the said Town of Caerphilly to Cardiff‘aforesaid, and very beneficial to both Towns and adjacent Country, and give several Parishes and Places a Communication that are now totally unconnected with the Turnpike Road: And therefore praying, That the said Roads may be inserted in the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town " of Cardiff] and several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan," and for altering, repairing, and widening certain other Roads within the said , County.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Cardiff other Inhabitants of the District of Bridgend, in the Uowls* County of Glamorgan, residing near to the Road within the said District herein after mentioned, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That continuing of the Turnpike Road from the Town of Bridgend\ to the Village of Langexvidd, in the said County, containing, in Length, Four Miles, would be of very great public Utility, and give several Parishes and Places a Communication, that are now totally unconnected with the Tiirnpike Road: And therefore praying, That the said Road may be inserted in the Bill fori enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, " Art " Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Car*

" diff] and several other Towns and Places in the " County of Glamorgan " and for altering, repairing, and widening certain other Roads within the said County.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentle-men, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Glamorgan, and other Inhabitants residing in the said County, is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the same, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord King's for vesting in Trust, for Peter Lord King, and his Estate. Heirs, the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of a Messuage or Dwelling House, in Dover Street, in the County of Middlesex, devised and limited by the Will of Thomas Lord King, deceased, and for settling a Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will, was read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 26° die Aprilis;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Oakhamp* tion the Petition of Humphry Minchin, Esquire; Election, and also, the Petition of Christopher Cunningham Viclcry,

Noah Carturight, John Youlden, Henry Gale, Joseph Harris, Henry Jole, William Jole} John Lane, John

Limebcar,

25 Geo. III.

26° Apr

895

Limcbear, William Weekes, Edward Pall ridge, Thomas Earle, and Thomas Gliddon, Electors of Members to 'serve in Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, in Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the same Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to go with the Mace to the Places adjacent, and require the immediate Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr, Speaker, and One hundred and Twenty-two Members being found to be present;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked, the Clerk was directed, by Mr. Speaker, to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Names of all the Members of the House were, by the Clerk, taken out of the Box (which had been before prepared) and put into Six Glasses; and were then drawn by the Clerk in the usual Manner, and read by Mr. Speaker to the House.

And the Names of Six Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable William Wyndham, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Thirty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Parry, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Select Committee, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members; and his Name was set aside.

And the Names of Eleven other Members, then present, w>ere drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That, in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Seventeen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside with the Names of those who were absent from the House; Three, on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, which they had before verified upon Oath; Three, on Account of their being Members against whose Returns Petitions were depending; and Eleven, on Account of their having already, in this Session of Parliament, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Members, so drawn as aforesaid, and not excused or set aside, being complete;

Lists of the said Names tfere delivered by the Clerk to the said Counsel.

And the Door of the House being opened;

The Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, called Froditigion, otherw ise Fraddington, otherw ise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common and Wastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Portseat and County of Southampton.

And the said Amendments. w'ere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Vo 1. 40.

Pr. 35- L 3. After " only’’ insert, " save and except the said Vicar and his Successors."

1. 4,"(Leave out " and Vicar and his Sue*

& 5.J " cessors."

1.J6. Leave out " their," and insert "his."

Pr. 3G. J. 28,1 Leave out " or Vicar and his Succes-& I " sors," and in 1. 29. leave out 29.J " their," and insert " his."

1. 30, j Leave out " them respectively," and & 31.J insert " him."

Pr. 38. 1. 24, After " whatsoever" insert " Pro-1 " vided always, That no such Exchange or Exchanges shall be " made by the said Vicar and his ts Successors, without the Consent " and Approbation of the Lord

" Bishop of Winchester for the " Time being, signified under his " Hand and Seal."

Pr. 42. L 20,1 After cc notwithstanding" insert " Pre-& V " vided always, That no Lease 21.J " to be made as aforesaid by the

u said Vicar and his Successors,

<c shall be good and valid without the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Bishop of " Winchester for the Time being,

" signified under his Hand and Seal."

Pr. 48. 1. 9. After " Manor" insert " and."

1. 10. Leave out " and the said Vicar and " his Successors."

1. 12. Leave out " same allotted," and insert " Rectorial Tythes valued."

1. 17,1 Leave out " and the said Vicar and & 18.J " his Successors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jercoisc do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Penryn of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His Roads, present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street, and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Corirwall, to Redruth, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street, and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Red/vth, in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir John St.Aubyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Sidlesham Common, in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the County of ^closure. Sussex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Steele,

Mr. Rose, &c.: And they are to meet this Aftemoou, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inddsing, the Wimborne Open and Common Fields, Common Crofts, 'dnd Cdtti* Mi,ster inon Meadows, and for draining and improving 'ceH- Incosurc* tain Common Moors, within the Parish oCWimbortic Minster, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time. !

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ranker,

Mr.

Ramsgate Jiving, &c

Trent and

Mersey

Canal.

Navy and

Victualling

Bills.

89 6 26* Apr Hit. A. 1785.

Mr. Steele, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for better paving, cleansing, repairing, light- itag, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Market House, and holding a public Market in the said Vill, was read a Second Timet

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from rITie Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford\ to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey; and Setting forth, That the said Bill hath been applied for, by the Company of Proprietors of The Trent and Mersey Navigation, in Conformity to Articles of Agreement entered into between that Company, the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Navigation, and the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Navigation, and it appears to the Petitioners indispensably necessary, for the Completion of the Plan intended, by the said Articles of Agreement, to be carried into Execution, that all the contracting Parties should be bound, by the Authority of Parliament, to fulfil the Engagements they have, by the said Articles, pledged themselves to perform: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass, and that the Powers and Provisions thereof may be sufficiently extensive to bind all the Parties who have agreed to the carrying into Execution the very useful Plan thereby meant to be completed, to perform their respective Undertakings, and that, if necessary, they may be authorized and impowered so to do.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of Owners of Shipping employed in His Majesty’s Service, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, during the late War, supplied His Majesty's Navy and Victualling Boards with Ships, for Transports and Victuallers upon Freight, for which they received Navy and Victualling Bills, the Amount whereof was usually paid them in Cash, by the Treasurer of the Navy, within Two Years of the Date of their Bills, from which Circumstance the Petitioners were able to form an Idea of their Value, and to govern themselves thereby in making future Contracts, and the Petitioners (from this regular Mode of Payment) had it in their Power to raise Sums of Money on the Credit of their Navy Bills, by paying a moderate Discount to Brokers, and other Persons, w ho make it their Business to purchase such Bills; and that the Petitioners have been at a great Expence in fitting their Ships for long

and dangerous Voyages; at et Time when Naval Stores were excessive high, and are now also obliged to advance large Sums of Money, from Time to Time, in defraying Seamen's Wages and paying Tradesmen’s Bills, which, together with the Lass of Employ for their Ships since the Peace, has reduced their Value near Fifty per Cent. and is now become a Matter truly alarming to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners find themselves very much distressed in not. being able to raise Money on the Credit of their Navy Bills, without paying the enormous Discount of Ten oi\ Twelve per Cent. more than they bad Reason to imagine at the Time they contracted with His Majesty's Boards, which Contracts were accepted by the Petitioners at low Rates of Freight, on a Supposition, and under a firm Belief, that their Navy Bills would be regularly paid as usual, which not being the Case, the Petitioners feel themselves greatly injured by having to pay the above heavy Discount, owing entirely to the Uncertainty of the Time when such last mentioned Bills will be paid off, some of Which have already run near Three Years, and, as the Petitioners cannot receive either the Principal or Interest, they have often been obliged to sell some of their Bills, subject to such Discount, in order to raise Money for their Necessities, and (the Purchasers, well knowing their Distresses, take an Advantage of the Times, and become Gainers by the Purchase of those Navy Bills at the same Time) that the Petitioners become Losers by their Contracts, in Consequence thereof; and that the Petitioners have ever been ready to risque their Property for His Majesty's Service, and (finding the Profit of their Trade, by unforeseen Events, falling into the Hands of others, who have had neither Trouble or Risque) are reduced to tl» Necessity of applying to the House for Redress: And therefore praying, That the House will take their great Losses into Consideration, and order those Navy and Victualling Bills to be paid off, or grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Asbbom made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing " the Road leading from Asiiborne, in the County of " Derby, over Bclpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike 4t Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or " near a Place called Openxcood Gate, and from Bclpar " Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby" was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.': And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Opeq Holta Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable lnclwi:’ Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Holbrooke, in the Parish of Duffield, in the County of Derbywas read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish,

&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, wlx> Pilchard were appointed to enquire into the State of the Pilchard Fishes, Fisheries, and consider of the most effectual Means of securing and improving the same; and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and Lad directed him to report a State thereof to die House; and he read the Report in his

Place;

Watling

Street

throagh

Churchover

Roads.

Southwark, &c. Roads.

35 Geo. III. 2& Aprim.

Plaqe; a$d afterwards delivered the $ame^ together'with aa Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report* with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of tins Session.

N.B. A Printed Copy ip'with the Original.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Gibbet, or Lutterworth Hand, on the Waiting Street Road, through the Parishes of Churchover, Brownsover, Newbold upon Awn, Rugby, and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and HUlmorton, in the said County, at or near a Public House, known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several. Amendments -thereunto, which they had directed him to re-

?)rt to the House; and he read the Report in his lace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the Trustees of the Surrey and Sussex Roads, and also of the Inhabitants residing in and near Lambeth, Vauxhall, Remington, Newington, and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone’s End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Sun'ey, to High-gate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston, and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell, to Brixton Causeway, and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane, and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey, and for repealing so much of several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads, and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid to Witchcross, in the County of Sussex; and Setting forth, That at Newington, Vauxhall Bridge, and at a Place called Robin Hood Gate, near Kingston, there are, and have been, Toll Gates erected ever since the Fourth Year of King George the First, for taking Tolls from all Travellers on Horseback, Carriages, and Cattle, passing through the same, and, notwithstanding those Gates are placed in a Line of Road not more than Nine Miles asunder, the Trustees, for several Years past, have caused a temporary Toll Bar to be erected near the Soite of the Palace of Kennington, for the Collection of Toll from such of the Inhabitants of Lambeth and Newington as may have Occasion to visit their Neighbours at Vauxhall and Kennington Lane, and on such of the Inhabitants of Westminster, and other Places, as may Travel, in Summer, a few Hundred Yards only on the said Line of Road, although the Turnpike at Vauxhall Bridge, and that on Remington Common, would effectually prevent such Persons as have not before paid at Newington Turnpike from evading the Tolls on going further into the County; and that the temporary Bar aforesaid, at which Tolls are collected in Summer, from Five of the Clock in the Evening during Part of the Night,.with an Excep-Vol. 40.

tion in Favour of particular Travellers, not warranty ed by the subsisting Acts of Par%neot, affords, foe! strongest Prpof of Partiality and Injusfoe, and occasions many Squabbles apd Riots, as a ‘Second Toll is often unjustly demanded, qti Pretence of its being Twelve of the Clock.; and that, the said Trustees^ from thp great Increase of the Tolls since the Im-. proyeoient and widening of London Bridge, and the building those at Westminster anfiBlac/tfriors, it is suggested cannot be in Want of the Receipt of the said Toll Bar, hut, should they think it even now necessary, the Loss that may be sustained will be mpst amply Compensated by the great Increase of the Tolls which will most certainly ta^e place from Blackfriars Bridge hecoming free, and ffoqi the very great Increase of Buildings in the County of Surrey; and that, hemmed in on every Side, as the Petitioners qre, by Toll Gates at Lambeth Marsh, at The Circus in Saint Georges Fields, at the Stone’s End of Southwark, at Newington, also near the End of Kent Street, at Walworth, at Kennington Common, and at Vauxhall Bridge, the Petitioners hope the House will restrain the taking any Toll on the Road between The White Hart qt Kensington and Vauxhall Bridge: And therefore praying,.

That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Rill, or such Parts thereof as may affject them, and have sqqh Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of foe Committee to whom foe said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before , the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be* heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several principal Inhabitants of the Richmond Town and Parish nf Richmond, in the County of poor. Surrey, on Behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, was presented tq the House, and read; Taking Notice of foe Bill to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Suirey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of foe Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid, and for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein; and Setting forth.

That the Powers and Authorities granted by the said Act, of the Sixth Year jOf His present Majesty, would, as the Petitioners conceive, if properly executed, be fully sufficient for the several Purposes intended by the said Bill, and the repealing such Powers and Authorities, and substituting others in their Stead,. as proposed by the said Bill, will be unnecessary: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Otdered, That the said Petition lie referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that foe Petitioqeifs be heard, by their Counsel, before foe said Committee, upph their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the sa*d Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, qt the same Time, in Favour of the said BUI, against foe said Petition.

A Petition of Holland Williams, of pwll y Crochan, Anglesey in the County of Denbigh, Esquire, was presented to 10 T the

8o8 26° April 1785.

the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill for making a Bridge or Embankment, over an Arm of the Sea between the Counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon, called Ynysgeint, near Porthaethwy Ferry; and Alledging, That the Petitioner is Owner of the said Ferry, which, being in the great Post Road from London to Holyhead, the Income arising therefrom is very considerable, and, should a Bridge, or Embankment, be made at the Place above proposed, the Petitioner must of course be deprived of all the Advantages he now derives from the Possession and Use of the said Ferry: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that, in case a Bill should be brought in for the Purpose above mentioned, Provision may be made therein, for indemnifying the Petitioner for the Loss and Injury he will thereby sustain, on account of his said Ferry being* rendered useless, or that he may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland\ is referred.

Holt’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

Estate. Act for vesting Two Thirty-sixth Shares of the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias Asland, in the County of Lancaster, Part of the settled Estates of Edward Holt, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Forton A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons or

Inclosure. Waste Grounds within the Hamlet or Township of

Forton, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hoghton, the Lord Mahon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Winchester An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An College Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement

Estate. between the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint

Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, and their Lessee, and Robert Pope Blackford, Esquire, for Exchange of certain Grounds in the Parish of Whippingham, in the Isle of Wight, and County of Southampton aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bai -rington, Sir Henry Hoghton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Canal from The Trent to The Mersey; and Setting forth, That the said Bill hath been applied for by the Company of Proprietors of the Trent and Mersey Navigation, in Conformity to Articles of Agreement entered into between that Company and certain other Canal Companies, and it appears to the Petitioners indispensably necessary, for (the Completion of the Plan intended by the said Articles of Agreement to be carried into Execution, that all the contracting Parties should be bound, by the Authority of Parliament, to fulfil the Engagements they have, by the said Articles, pledged themselves to perform: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass, and that the Powers and Provisions thereof may be sufficiently extensive to bind all the Parties, who have agreed to the carrying into Execution the very useful Plan thereby meant to be completed, to perform their respective Undertakings, and that, if necessary, they may be authorized and empowered so to do.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Nottingham posed, That the Bill for the more speedy and easy Small Debts. Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, be now read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Common Council assembled, and of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other principal Inhabitants of the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Aldermen, Sheriff, Common Council, Livery, Manufacturers, principal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, which w ere presented to the House upon the 17th Day of February last, and then severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a -Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the WTord " now*," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words, " upon this Day u Six Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon this Day Six Months" be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

Trent and

Mersey

CauaL

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the General Murray, according to Order, reported Scotch humble Petition of the Gentlemen, whose Names are from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Distlller?* thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of the Navi- the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the gation from The Tnnt to The Mersey, was presented last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to of Com Spirits in small Stills in certain Countica or enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation Districts of the Highlands, in that Part of Great Britain from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commis-Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to sionere of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences to Fazdcy, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Persons, living in the said Counties or Districts,

Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in to distill Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the the County of Stqjfoy d, to Fazeley, in the said County, Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a and to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Duty on such Licences, w*as committed; the Amend -Reign of His present Majesty, for making Navigable ments which the Committee had made to the Bill,

2 $ Geo. III.

26° A

Oakhampton

Election*

£ilreuny,&c.

Election.

end which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being again returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Right honourable William JVyndham and John Parry, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Bond, Esquire, Jervoise Clerke Jervoise, Esquire, the Honourable Edward James Eliot, Charles Edwin, Esquire, John Blackburne, Esquire, William Smith, Esquire, Clement Tudway, Esquire, the Honourable Dudley Ryder, the Honourable George Darner, the Earl of Lisburne, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, William Clive, Esquire, Thomas Master, Esquire, the Right honourable William Wyndham, John Parry, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Humphry Minchin, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Cunningham Vickry, Noah Cartwright, John Youlden, Henry Gale, Joseph Harris, Henry Jole, Wiliam Jole, John Lane, John Limebear, William Weekes, Edward Paltridge^ Thomas Earle, and Thomas Gliddon, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, in Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the same Borough, now taken into Consideration, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents on both Sides withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee d© meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The House being informed that Andrew Gray, Bail-lie, William Gray, Junior, Alexander Tennant, James Ballantyne, William liaison, and Alexander Jordan, Constituent Members of the Town Council of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, and Colonel John Thomson, of Charllown, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Kilrenny, Anstruther Easter, Anstruther Wester, Pittenweem, and Craill, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

The House being also informed that the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Craill, and James Moncrief, Esquire, of Sauchope, who have petitioned this House, also complaining ot' an undue Election and Return for the said District of Burghs, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

The House being also informed that Thomas Smart, John Reid, David Lawson, Robert Anderson, David JVatson, and John Anderson, Constituent Members of foe Town Council of the Borough of Kilrenny, and Sir Robert Anstruther, of Balcaskie, Baronet, who have

Sititioned this House, likewise complaining of an undue lection and Return for the said District of Burghs, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

Vo 1. 40.

And a Motion being made. That the said Petitioners have Leave to withdraw their said several Petitions; ,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Motion, made upon Thursday last. That John Henry Southcote, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon.

And Richard Hopkins, Esquire, One of the Sitting Members, having, in his Place, acquainted the House, that he consented, for himself and the other Sitting Member, to the withdrawing of the said Petition;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 3d Day of March last, for taking the said Petition into Consideration upon Tuesday the iofo Day of May next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said John Hairy Southcote, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration foe Amendments made by the Lords to foe Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in foe several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better copducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The blouse proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 13. After " Treasury" insert " for the " Office of the Treasury, for the " Office of Paymaster General of u His Majesty’s Forces, the Offices of Customs and Excise in " England and Scotland respectively, the Offices of Taxes, " Stamps, and Salt Duties, the €t Offices of the Postmaster Gene-€t ral, J Surveyor General, and Auditors of the Land Revenue, " Surveyor General of the Woods " and Forests, and also for the " Offices for Hackney Coaches, " and for Hawkers and Pedlars, respectively; that the Commis-u sioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for foe Admiralty, for c< the Treasurer of the Navy, for u the Offices of foe Navy and " Victualling, and for Sick and ic Hurt Seamen, respectively, and " the principal Secretaries of State, " for their several Offices, the H Master General of the Ordnance, <( for the Office of Ordnance, His Majesty’s Secretary at War, for " his Office."

I. 22. After " Bills" insert " for defraying

<c the Contingent Expences."

J. 25. After " Two" insert tc or in suoft

preceding and subsequent Years

" as

Clifton Dartmouth Hard-nessEiection.

Fees,&c. of

Public

Offices.


a6° —

A; 1785.

t-37-

l: 46.

14.

J

<l ai th(dy sftrftl jiirfgp uiOst don-

1, 31. After u Act" leave out and; if the "t said CoiiinisSioti^l’S shall judge " it proper, the like Accounts in " aqy preceding or subsequent

Af|ef <^ConsideratiOti1, leave Oilif " at sudi Times as tiey shall judge* " most convenient"

After " Bills " leave oiit u aOd pro-u ceed thereon in such Order as " id them shall appear most pro-u per," and instead thereof insert €t and shaft proceed thereupon according to such' Instructions and " Directions as they shall from u Time to Time receive from the " king’s most Excellent Majesty iti Council"

Pr. 3. L 6. After " them" insert " to the King " in Council," and leave out the following Words, <c to the said u Commissioners of His Majesty’s a Treasury, or the Lord High " Treasurer for the Time be-" ing."

Leave out the Words " separately a or generally, when they shall u think fit."

Leave out " of all Descriptions be-" longing to." and insert *cemployed under the principal OF-" ficers in."

I. i3,1 After " merftioned " leave out, "and & } <c all other Persons," and insert " whom they shall think fit to u summon, at such Time or Times u as shall be fixed on, Application to be made to the Principals of the said Offices, for such " Purpose, and all other Persons

€t who have had any Dealings or " Transactions with the said Offices, or the Representatives of " such Persons."

1. 25. After " as" leave out " they, or any " Two of them."

I.26. After " shaft", leave out " ap-" point" and insert " be appointed."

Pr. 5. 1. 7. After " Places", insert " within the " Cities of London or West min-" ster"

1. 13. After "Records" leave out " as they " shall judge necessary for their " Information."

1. 17. After " mentioned" insert " as " shall be necessary for carrying " into Execution the Purposes of " this Act," and leave out all the remaining Words of the Clause.

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 4. 1.11 and 12, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 4. 1. 11 and 12, being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " principal Officers in," and inserting the Words " Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury,

" ^the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord cl High Admiral, the principal Secretaries of State,

" the Master General of the Ordnance, and His Ma-

a je^VSd6rttal^ at: WaP, and the several Petsdns' ih

ahypth&'o^" instead thereof.

And' the skme wet&; upon the Qtiestfoti severally put ffiefeupOri, agreed to by the House.

# Then the Question* being put. That1 the* House do agree with the Lordly ih* the said Amendnient sd amended;

Thtf House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { J£; I i*.

Tilers (Mr the No ’ Cai£’& *

And ii appearing, upon the Report of the Division, the tellers, (hat Forty Members were not present; atii it being then after Four of the Clock;

The Douse tfas adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question hrst put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Teh of the Clock.

Mercurii* 27* die Aprilis;

Anno 2j>* Georgii III" Regis, 1785.

PRAYfcttS.

SI R John JVodehouse reported from the Committee, Tanstead, to whom the Bill fol: the bettei* Relief and Era- &c*Poor‘ ployment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Tun-Stead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Parish of North Walsham, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee h&d considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilk with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that Persons having a sufficient Qualification may be elected Directors or Guardians, although resident in the Town or Parish of North Watshdm.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bramstoti presented to the House, according to'White* Order, a Bill for amending and keeping iq Repair the Road* Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shdnfield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodford next Chigwell; and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourne, in the County of Essex-, and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Anderson Pelham reported from the Committee, $Pa to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting Uo* r. in

25 Geo. III. 27*

in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from " the High Bridge, in Spalding, to a certain Place " called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and M from Sutton Saint Marys to Sutton Wash, in the " said County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that the Notices which were dated the 6th of September, and were intended to have been given in the Newspapers Three Times in that Month, were, by Mistake of the Printer, neglected to be then inserted, as is acknowledged by him at the Bottom of the Notices, which where afterwards inserted Three Times' in the Month of October); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. John Key being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge, in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Marys to Sutton Washy in the said County: And that Mr. Anderson Pelham, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Vyner, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thistlethwayte presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of Henry Hattat, at Axvbiidge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tudei'ley, and from Lockerly Mill Stream to East Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of Car digaily was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending, for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal, from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, at some Place at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of Advantage to the County of Cardigan, and the neighbouring Counties: And therefore praying the House to admit the same to pass into a Law\

Ordered, T5iat the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Th&ne#, or Bis, dear 1 Vol. 40.

fpruts. po 1

the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Morgan have Leave to go Leave of to Bath for a Month* for the Recovery of his Absence. Health.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants and Land Richmond Owners of the Town of Brentford\ in the Parish of Poor* Great Ealing, and Parts adjacent thereto, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond\ in the County of Surrey, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid, and for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein; and Setting forth, That* by the said Bill, it is proposed to shut up a Lane* called Love Lane, leading from the North End of the Town of Richmond to the Hamlet of Kew, which, the Petitioners conceive, will be a manifest Prejudice to tbs Town of Brentford, and Parish of Great Ealing, and Parts adjacent, by diverting the Trade from the Market of the said Town of Brentjord; and that the Footway, through the said, Lane, to the said Town of Brentford, is almost solely used by Persons concerned in Trade and Traffick having Occasion to resort to the Town of Brentford, the Inhabitants whereof are chiefly dependent on their respective Trades for Support, and w here the Produce of the Parish of Ealing, and Parts adjacent, are usually brought to Market; and that the Petitioners, so far from considering the said Footway dangerous, do generally use the same, both in the Day Time and in the Evening, as being, in their Opinion, and from Experience, safer than any other, no Robbery, or other Molestation, having happened there for many Years past, and the Convenience of crossing the Water desirable, from the Ease and Convenience thereof, particularly to Persons carrying Burthens; and that the Petitioners would chearfully relinquish their Right of Way in a Case where Pleasure only would result to them from the Use thereof, but, on the present Occasion, the Trade of the Town of Brentford, and the Sale of the Produce of the Parish of Ealing, and Parts adjacent, is likely to be very materially injured, by the Intercourse being cut oft; which the present Footway encourages with the Town of Richmond, and Parts adjacent thereto: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same into their serious Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves or their Counsel, against that Part of the said Bill; and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee; That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Dudley the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation. Dudley Canal Navigation, incorporated by virtue of 10 U an

poa iff Aprish. . 1785.

Dudley an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year being asked, What Stratum is uppermost? he said,

Navigation, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Lime, — And being asked. Whether the Expence of V Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal making the proposed Reservoirs is taken into the " within, and from, certain Lands belonging to Thor Estimate annexed to the Petition ? he said, It is not, " mas Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, nor the Purchase of the Land on which they are to be fi in the County of Worcester, to join and commu- made^ — That they will be in different Places; and ft nicate with the Stourbridge Navigation, at a Place that the whole Qaantity of Land required for them will " calledBlack Delph, upon Pensnet Chase, in the Pa- probably be 80 Acres, the greatest Part whereof if " rish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford" Lord Dudleys — That he did not know there is any was referred; That the Committee had examined, and false Ground where the Reservoirs are to be — That he found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the had seen the Places, and taken the Levels, but that 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had be had not examined the Ground — That the Places been complied with; and that the Committee had pitched upon are Vallies, and be supposed they will examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had hold Water, but it is impossible to know till they directed him to report the same, as it appeared to are made. — And being asked, Whether the other them, to the House; and he read the Report in his People, besides Lord Dudley, on whose Land these Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Reservoirs were proposed to be made* consented there* Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- to? he said, He had not applied to them for their

eth; viz. Consent — That there were many of them, but what

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Number he did not know. — And being* asked, How

said Act was read. And the Birmingham Water is- to be preserved to the Bir~

Mr. John Snape being examined, said, That in pur- mingham Canal? he said, It is on the same Level with suance of the above recited Act, the said Canal bad it; but that it is proposed to make a Lock, with a been completed — That, by Levels and Surveys lately Double Gate, at each End, which will certainly be taken, it appears, that the said Canal may be conve- an effectual Security to the Birmingham Canal — And niently extended, and made Navigable for Boats and being asked, Whether, if the Water be drawn off other Vessels, from the End of the said Canal, in the through the Lock of the intended Canal, it will not Lands belonging to the said Thomas Talbot Foley, occasion a Waste of Water to the Birmingham Canal? through other Lands, in the several Parishes of Dud* he said, There could be no Waste, more than by dif* ley, Scdgley, and Tipton, in the Counties of Worcester ferent Heights, that js, that if the Two Canals are and Stafford, to join and communicate with the Bir- on the same Level, there cannot be any Waste either

mingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Naviga- Way.- — And being asked, How it would be, sup-

tions, at or near Tipton Green, in the said County of posing the y were not on the same Level ? he said, If Stafford — That he had made the Plan and Survey an- one should be an Inch higher or lower than the other* nexed to the Petition — That the proposed Extension of the higher must give to the other the Waste Water, Canal may be made as there specified, for the Money but only for the Space that one is higher than the expressed in the Estimate, which is also annexed to other, and that for the Capacity of a Lock only; and the Petition, and had been made and signed by him. that the Lock intended to be made will be a full So*

— And being asked, Whether he had been used to curity against all Loss of Water, except that just

make Under-ground Works for Navigations ? he said, mentioned — That the several Reservoirs intended to He had not. — And being asked, How he calculated be made are as follows; viz. One at the Castle Pool, the Estimate of the Expence of the proposed Canal, which is Lord Dudley's Property, and will contaia as he had never been used to Works of that Sort? he 3,470 Locks full — The Priory Pool, also on Lord said, He had been so for used to them, as to assist in Dudley's Property, and will contain 1,157 Locks full making the Estimates — That he had had the Appro- -^One near Parker's Hall, to contain 1,619 Looks bation of People concerned in that Business on this foil — rand One below it, to contain 660 Locks foil# Estimate, and that all allowed the Canal may be made both which last will be partly on Lord Dudleys Pro for the Sum therein calculated. — And being asked, perty, and partly on Property belonging to other Whether he had examined the different Strata of the People, whom he did not know — Another near Bap* Ground through which it is to pass? he said, It is list End, to contain 1,000 Locks full, and on the impossible, without boring Holes at every few Yards, Property of several People, whom he did notknow^ and that in some Places it will go 191 Feet below the and another at the Dingles, to contain 3,874 Locks Surface of the Earth. — And being asked, By what full, also on the Property of several People whom he Means he proposed to supply the Canal with Water? did not know — That the above Calculation is made he said, That as it would lie so much below the Sur- upon Six Feet Locks. — And being asked, Whether face of the Earth, and pass through so many Mines of all these Estimates are annexed to the Plan ? he said, Lime and Coal, he expeeted that a great Quantity of They are not — And being asked, Whether he appne* Water will be found on opening the ‘Funnel — That hended all those Reservoirs will be wanted for the Use if this should be found insufficient, there are proper of the proposed Canal? he said, No, nor One Half Places fo\ making Reservoirs, that will hold 12,000 of them.

Six Feet Locks of Water. — And being asked, Where Mr. Thomas BretteU, Junior, being then examined, that Water was to come from ? he said, By Rains from said, That the extending of the said Canal as afore-the Hills, and from some Rivulets, and Water raised said will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the from the Mines. — And being asked, Whether those Dudley Canal Company, by opening a Communication Rivulets now run into any other Canal, or to any with large Tracts of Coal, Lime Stone, and Iron Stone, Mills? he said, They may run to Mills, but that and by affording a shorter and cheaper Conveyance they do not fall into the Stour, or into the Birmingham for Goods and Merchandize between the Town of Canal. — And being asked, How he expected to pre- Birmingham and Port of Bristol, and other inter-vent Leakage of Water in the proposed Tunnel ? he mediate Places, lying upon the River Scvcm.^Ardt Baid, He did not apprehend there would be any being asked, Whether any public Meetings had been Leakage; and that the Tunnel already cut up to held by Advertisement, on the Subject of the pro-Lord Dudley's Lime Works yields Water, instead of posed Extension of the Dudley Canal? he said, There losing any; but that if it 4npuld leak, it might be have been public Meetings, but not by Adverfcise-cured by puddling or daying; or, as k would be meat. — And being asked, Whether the Consent of arched, it might bq stopped by Brick Work. — And the Birmingham Canal Company bad been obtained S

.9 he

GeD. III. :$j° Aprilis.

903

Kinnerley, &c. Inclo-ture.

Woo?-

combing.

Oakhampton

Election.

he said. Proposals hate been made to that Company, mi that those Proposals are referred to the General Meeting of the Company* to be held on Diday the 35th of this Instant March. — And being asked, Whether any Proposal had been made to the Birmingham Canal Company, respecting their Tonnage? he said, It has been proposed to pay them a Compensation Tonnage.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal, from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr, Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Kinnerley and Melverley, in the County of Salopy was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been -complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Three Acres and Three Roods of the Common Field Land, and of the Old Inclosed Land, of the Yearly Value of £. 32, who £6uld not be met with; and also, except the Proprietors of Thirty-eight Acres and One Rood of the Common Field Land, and of the Old Inclosed Land, of the Yearly Value of £. 278, who refused their Consent, but would not oppose the Bill; and that the Whole of the Common Fields intended to be inclosed consists of 352 Acres and Three Roods; and the Whole of the Old Inclosed Lands to be affected by the Bill, are of the Yearly Value of £. 2,263 > and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland\ and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Howard, Sir John Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Jervoise, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Humphry Minchin, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Cutmingham Viclcry, Noah Cart-toright, John Youlden, HemyGale, Joseph Harris, Henry Jole, William Jole, John Lane, John Limebear, WiL liam Weekes, Edward Paltridge, Thomas Earle, and Thomas Gliddon, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County Vo 1* 4&

of Devon, in Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the same Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Luxmoore, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Thomas Wiggens, Esquire, was not duly returned a Burgess* to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That Humphry Minchin, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Oakhampton.

And also, that the said Select Committee have de* fermioed,

That the said Humphry Minchin, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough

And also, That the said Select Coamuttee have determined,

That the Right honourable George Capel Omngsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, Ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Oakhampton.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said Right honourable George Capel Cor mngsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, % duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Oakhampton.

And the said Determinations were ordered to he entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown dp attend this House, To-morrQw Morning, with the last Return for the Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, and amend the same, by rasing out the Names of John Lurmore and Thomas Wiggenf, Esquires, and inserting the Names of Humphry Mitt-chin, Esquire, and the Right honourable George Capel Coningsby, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, instead thereof.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, to whom Murray's the Petition of the Honourable General James Murray, Claims, latq Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Minorca, and Vice Admiral of the same, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as folfoweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Letters Patent, dated the 14th Day of May 1779, pointing General Murray Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Minorca; and also,

Letters Patent, dated the 8th Day of December 1779, appointing General Murray Vice Admiral of the same, were produced to your Committee, and read.

Then

Mr. Charles Brietzcke, from the Office of Orta of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, produced a Copy of Correspondence between General Murray and the Earl of Hillsborough (then Secretary of State); and a Letter therein, dated the 19th Day of August 1780, was read, from which it appeared, that James Sutherland, Esquire, Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court, in the Island of Minorca, was suspended fro*

his

Scotland — Produce of Taxes.

Land Tax Commissioners.

9O4 27 Aprilis.^1785;

his said Office by General Murray, until His Majesty’s The House was moved, That an Act* m&de in the Tobago Pleasure should be known. Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma* TnMk«

Then a Copy of Treasury Minute, dated the 12th of jesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importa* December 1783, was produced, from which it appeared, tion of Goods from Europe, iu Neutral Ships, into that Directions were given to the Solicitor of the " the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Treasury, to ascertain what was the Amount of the " Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grena-Judgment, awarded against General Murray, at the " dines] and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture Suit of Mr. Sutherland, and the General’s legal Costs, " of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, and to lay the same before the Board, and that their " from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, Lordships would then issue Money to him for the Disj " upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for charge thereof. " a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods*, the

Then a Note from Mr. Chambei'layne, Solicitor of c< Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses the Treasury, to Mr. Sayer, Solicitor for General " in this Kingdom, to be taken out, on Payment of Murray, was produced, stating, that Mr. Chamber- " the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain iayne's Report to the Treasury, of the 13th July 1784, " Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due was, that the Damages recovered against General thereon; forfarther continuing certain temporary Murray amounted to £.5,000, the Plaintiff’s taxed " Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to re-Costs to £.160. 15. 9. and the General’s -Solicitors " peal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of Bill to £.329. 1. 3. which Sums made together, in " His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation of the Whole, the Sum of £.5,489. 17$. and which " Goods, the Growth of Saint Christopher, Nevis, arid General Murray was then liable to pay, by Reason of " Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in the Action brought against him by Mr. Sutherland. " Europe or America,' might be read.

Then And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Francis Heslop, Clerk to Messrs. Hammersley Resolved; That this House will, Tomorrow Monland C°, Bankers, being examined, said, That on the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole 1st 6f December 1783, the Sum of £.5,000 was paid House, to consider erf so much of the said Act as per-by them to Mr. Sutherland's Older, and charged to the inits the Importation of-Goods, the Produce or Ma-Account of the late Thomas Wiggins, Esquire, as Agent nufacture of the Island of Tobago; into this King-to General Murray. dom.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hous6 Supply

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

The House being informed that Mr. Alcoclc, from the consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the he now read.

Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented And the said Order being read accordingly; to the House, pursuant to their Order, Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of

An Account of the several Taxes imposed last Session April 1784, be referred to the said Committee, of Parliament, from their Commencements to the 5th Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 10th Day of of January 1785; distinguishing the Produce of each October 1784? be referred to the said Committee.

Tax. Then the House resolved itself into the said Comr

And then he withdrew. mittee. # 1

And the Title of the said Account was read. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

House. Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use reeled him to report, when the Housq will please to of the Members of the House. receive the same.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Papers of this Session. Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was The House, according to Order, resolved itself into directed by the Committee to, move, that they may have a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Leave to sit a^ain. . *

appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act Resolved, lhat this House will, upon Friday Mom-of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole V granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His " to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Majesty. .

" Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty- - ‘

" five," together with those named in Three former Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wajs an 1 Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and > Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read, in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parlia- And the said Order being read accordingly;

inenk Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Ex-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. pences of the Army incurred and paid by the Right

Mr. Wilberforce took the Chair of the Commit- honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s

tee. Forces, from the 25th of December 1783 to the 24th

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. of December 1784, both inclusive, and not provided

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, That for by Parliament, be referred to the said Com*

they had gone through the Bill, and made several mittee.

Amendments thereunto; which they 2ad directed him Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

to report, when the House will please to receive the mittee.

same. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mr Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Morning. ... l . Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

. Mr.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Sutherland’s

Petition.

Militia Laws.

Fees, &c. of Public Offices.

Scotland — Court of Admiralty.

Scotland — Judges of Courts of Session.

25 Geo. III.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Jlis Majesty.

Resolved That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,- to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of James Sutherland, Esquire, was offered to be presented to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to amend, explain, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Militia Laws now in Force: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. Orchard do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House resumed the Consideration of the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing, the Business transacted in the said Offices.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill, in Pr. 4. 1.11 and 12, as amended by this House;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Residue of the said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, with several Amendments to One of them; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, which, before the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, was stiled, " The High Court of Admiralty " of Scotland" and for discharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court; and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Ships: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and the Marquis of Graham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lessening the Number of the Judges of the Courts of Session and Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for granting to them certain Augmentations of their Salaries out of the Revenues in Scotland, appropriated to the Maintenance of the Supreme Courts of Justice there.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Vo l. 40. ✓

9° 5

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the East India United Company of Merchants of England trading to Affair3 — the East Indies, attended at the Door; he was called in; Government, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th of April 1784 to the 1st of May 1785.

And then.he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Estimate be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Elections — a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for County the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Voters-Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Smith reported’ from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Robert Smith accordingly reported from the Said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

And it appearing, that, from the many Alterations made in the said Bill, it would be more convenient for the House, that the said Bill should be withdrawn, and another Bill presented instead thereof;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill, and present another Bill instead thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Mahon, Mr. Robert Smith,

Mr. Buncombe, and Mr. Wilberforce, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Elections — night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bribery and upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Expence. Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for preventing Bribery and Expence in Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° die April is;

Anno 25° Georgii III. U Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Oakhamptou cording to Order, amended the Return for the lletur" Borough of Oakhamptou, in the County of Devon. &menae *

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employ- Tunstead, ment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Tunsicad &c. Poor, and Happing, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third Time.

10 X Resolved,

270 — 28° Aprilis.

po6 28* Aprilis. . 1785.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir John JVodehotise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kiddermin- Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to

6ter Church. Order, a Bill for repairing, new pewing, seating, and erecting Galleries, and making other Alterations and Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Abingdon A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Free-

Navigation. holders of the Town and Neighbourhood of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending, for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, at some Place at or near Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of particular Advantage to the Petitioners: A*nd therefore praying the House to permit the same to pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, and believe, that, by a Paper annexed to a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, it is stated, that the Petitioners were neuter to the Plan of making such Canal; and Representing to the House, that they, or any of them, are not, not ever were, neuter to the said Plan, but have always been much averse to the same, and always declared their Disapprobation thereof in the fullest Terms, because they apprehended that such Canal would be a very great Injury to their Estates, which will be cut through, and intersected, in making the same, and, that the said Canal will be of no material Advantage to the Country in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as may seem meet; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, upon the Matters here stated.

l)itto. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join

and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Sevan Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester; and Alledging, that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of several Mills upon the said River, between Abingdon and Leachlade, and, if the said Canal is permitted to be made, the same must wholly, or in a great Measure, be supplied with Water from the said River, which will deprive the Petitioners of the Benefit of the said Water for working their Mills, which, in dry Seasons, will be a very great Loss and Inconvenience to the Petitioners, as it will many Times render them incapable of carrying on their Businesses, and at others greatly retard and hinder the same: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as shall appear just and reasonable;

and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Opposition to the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Abingdon thereunder subscribed, was also presented to the House, Navigation, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, which Canal will be a Diversion of the ancient and natural Course of Navigation From Leachlade to Abingdon, by the said River Thames and Isis, and of the Trade and Business carried on . between those Places; and Alledging, that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of several Locks,

Weirs, and Pounds, upon the said River, bfctweeii Leachlade and Abingdon, to which all Boats and Barges passing through the same pay certain Rates and Duties, and, if' the said Canal is permitted to take Place, all the Boats and Barges, navigating between Leachlade and Abingdon, will pass down the said Canal, and not along the said River Navigation, whereby the Petitioners will lose all the Rates and Duties payable at their said Locks, Weirs, and Pounds:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Considerations, and grant them such Compensation for the said Rates and Duties payable at their said Locks, Weirs, and Pounds, and such other Relief as shall appear just and reasonable; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, upon the Matters here stated.

A Petition of Charles Long, Esquire, was also pre- Ditto, sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, and believes, that, by a Paper annexed to a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, it is stated, that the Petitioner has assented to making such Canal; and Representing to the House, that his Assent to the said Bill was obtained by false Suggestions and Information given to him by the Promoters of the Bill, for that they represented to him in London, that Sir Robert Throckmorton, the Reverend Mr. Loder, and his Neighbours in general, bad consented to the Canal Scheme, whereas, when the Petitioner came into the Country, he found the Scheme opposed by the said Sir Robert Throckmorton and Mr. Loder, and reprobated by the Country in general, and the Petitioner is convinced of the Inutility of the same, and of the great Injury which will be done to his Estate by making it: Ahd therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to absolve him from his Consent obtained by the Means aforesaid, and grant him such further Relief as may seem meet; and that the Petitioner may be heard, by Counsel, upon the Matters here stated.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ditto, thereunto subscribed, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, and believe, that, by a Paper annexed to a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester., it is stated, that the Petitioners have assented to making such Canal; and Representing to the House, that the Petitioners, or any of them, never did, directly or indirectly, give their Consent to the making such Canal, but always have, in the fullest Manner, declared their Disapprobation thereof, because they believed, and still believe, the making such Canal to be

a very

25 Geo. III.

28° Apr ills.

9°7

a very great Injury to their Estates, which will be cut through and intersected in making thereof, and that the same will not be beneficial to the Country in general: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such lielief as may seem meet; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by Counsel, upon the Matters here 6tated,

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the lliver Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time; and the Second, Third, and Sixth-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said several Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Second, Third, and Sixth-mentioned Petitions.

Aylesbury, Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, c. Road, whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and ShiOingjord, in the County of Oxford, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the'25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with* and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read. And,

Mr. Giles Prickett, Clerk and Treasurer to the Trustees, being examined, said, That a great Progress hath been made in repairing the Roads comprized in the said Act, in the doing of which, a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, hath been expended, and still remains charged thereon, and that the Money so borrowed cannot be paid off, and the Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the Act "be enlarged.

And being further examined, he said, That it would be of great public Advantage if Provision was made for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road opposite Rook's Lane, through the liberties of New Thame, Old Thame, and Thame Parky the Liberty or Hamlet of Attwgton, and Liberty of Postcomb, to the Turnpike Road between Tetsworth\ and Postoomb, in the said County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbwy, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxf ord; and for amending the Road from the said Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcomb and Tetsworth, in the said County of Oxford: And that Lord Charles Spencer and the Lord IVenman do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vol. 40.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Pickering, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Rider, for making an Agreement between the Vicar of Pickering and the Dean of York, and his Lessee.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Claused was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way. of Ryder, declaring, that no Trial of any Issue shall obstruct the Proceedings of the Commissioners.

And the said Clause w?as Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause wras offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that Leases at Rack Rent shall be void on Compensation being made to the Lessees,

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 14. To Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " of" in 1T 23.

L 34. To leave out from " Dean " to " and" in Pr. 4. 1. 2.

Pr. 4. 1. 12. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " and" in 1. 26.

Pr. 8. 1. 32. To leave out " Owner of the said " Tythes," and insert " said Sir " George Osborne, his Heirs and " Assigns," instead thereof,

Pr. 30. 1. 34. And the End of the Line to add " the Dean of Yoi'k, or his Lessee."

Pr. 38. 1. 9. To leave out " Book," and insert " Books " instead thereof.

1. 11. To leave out from " required tQ " upon" in 1. 13.

Pr. 49. 1. 10. After "York" to insert " and the " Duke of York."

1. 1 o,l To leave out "his Hand and Seal,"

& > and insert " their Hands and 1 l.J " Seals," instead thereof.

Pr. 58. 1. 8. To leave out " exonerated from " Tythes."

Pr. 59. 1. 40. To leave out i€ as Impropriator as " aforesaid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Pickering and New toil, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from Produce of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Taxes, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Christmas Eve 1784 to the 5th of January 1785; stating and distinguishing the Totals of Customs, Excise,

Stamps, and Incidents: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 25th of March 1785 to the 5th of April 17^5 stating and distinguishing the Totals of Customs, Excise,

Stamps, and Incidents: And also,

An

Supply-

908 28° Aprilis 1785.

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from Christmas Eve 1783 to the 5th January 1784; stating and distinguishing the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 25th of March 1784 to the 5th of April 1784; stating and distinguishing the Totals of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

s Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand and Eighty-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ^hat a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-nine thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-two thousand Seven hundred and Thirty Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1779.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-eight thousand Five hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fourteen thousand Two hundred and Fourteen Pounds Four Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny, be

franted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking und the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His ppesent Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1782.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred and Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Sixty-six Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 5th Day of July 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1783.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand and Forty-four Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the 10th Day of October 1784, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1784.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways ani Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Means, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Two hundred Thirty-one thousand Five hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence, being the Amount of Stoppages, Respits, and other Monies, remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, be applied towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the 25th Day of December 1783 and the 24th Day of December 1784, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do make the Report from LandTai the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Commissi® Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution er8‘ an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service €i of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-five," together with those named in Thret^ former Acts for. appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax* and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament, vvas committed.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally

Plate Glass Manufacture.

Leave of Absence.

Tobago

Trade.

Exeter Poor.

Bedford

Election

Committee.

25 Geo. III. 28° — 29° Aprilis.

909

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved Itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. v

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Leceson Gower have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, on his private Affairs.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation of Goods " from Europe, in Neutral Ships, into the Islands of " Saint Christopher, Net'is, Montserrat, Dominica, Saint " Vincent, Grenada, and the GrcnaAines\ and of Goods <c the Produce or Manufacture of the said Islands, <c and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, from thence into u this Kingdom, in such Ships, upon Payment of " the British Plantation Duties, for a limited Time* " for permitting certain Goods, the Produce of those " Islands, secured in Warehouses in this Kingdom, to u be taken out, on Payment of the British Plantation " Duties, and to cancel certain Bonds entered into for " Payment of the Duties due thereon; for further continuing certain temporary Acts for the Encourage-u ment of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the " Twenty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for al-c lowing the Importation of Goods the Growth of Saint iC Christopher, Nevis, and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or America," as permits the Importation of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, into this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Young took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

John, complaining of an, undue Election for the County of Berlford, to proceed in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials " of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Middlesex by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to im- Sessions, power the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Newgate* for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Neagate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term, and Sitting of the King*s Bench at Westminsteri notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King's Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere in the said County of Middlesex: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act WhaiWs for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Anthony Eptate* Wharton, Esquire* deceased, situate and being in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same* and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes, therein expressed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Comtiierciat whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland\

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Petition of the Master Silk Weavers in London and Manchester; and had also heard the Petitioners, the Working Silk Weavers of Spital/ields, and its Environs, by themselves; and had closed the Evidence in Behalf of both the said Petitions; and that he was directed by the Committee to move* that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last* as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till. Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for ’erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the House of Commons to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Saint Andrew Saint Vol. 40.

Veneris, 29* die Aprilis;

Anno 25° Georgii IIP11 Regis* 1785.

Pray ers.

MR. Thomas Scott reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset; and also, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, were severally referred; That the Committee " 10 Y

pio 2 Aprilis. 1785.

had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and Houses in the West Street were burnt down; and that, had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to prevent the like Disaster in future, it is proposed, that to them, to the House; and he read the Report in in future no Buildings shall hereafter be covered with his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Thatch.

Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as Ordered, That Leave be given *to bring in a Bill

follou'eth; viz. for taking down the Market House in the Borough of

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Pe- Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and re-building the tition, William Downe, Esquire, being examined, said, same, together with a Session or Court House in a more That he knows the Town of Bridport; that it is a popu- convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles, or lous and trading Town, and that the great Road Butcher Row'; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and from London to Exeter lies through the East and West' watching the said Borough; for removing and preventing Streets of the said Town, which are near Half a Mile Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the in Length — That the Market is kept in the said covering of any Houses or Buildings, within the said Streets, by Means whereof the high Road is greatly Borough, for the future with Thatch: And that Mr.; obstructed and incommoded; and from the great In- Thomas Scott, and Mr. Strutt, do prepare, and bring in, crease of the Inhabitants and Trade of the Town, the same, the Butcher Row and Market Place are become too

small, and that Standings are obliged to be erected in Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to Bridport

the said Streets, to accommodate Persons bringing whom the Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, Market their Goods to sell at the Market — That the said the Road leading from Ipswich to Beccles, and from I,ouse’

Streets and Road might be rendered more spacious the said Road to Beech Lane, in the Parish of Bar-

and commodious, and the Market House, or Market sham, through Ilalesworth, to Bungay, in the County of Place, considerably enlarged, and made more conve- Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had nient, if certain old Sheds, and other ruinous Build- examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the ings (about Four or Five in Number) situate at the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone End of the South Street, were taken down, and a through the Bill, and made several Amendments convenient Market House, and other Buildings, erect- thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the ed upon the Spot — That the Streets and Lanes of the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and said Town are very ill paved and cleansed, and are afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in not watched or properly lighted, there not being at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

above Three or Four Lamps in the whole Town — Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One

And that it would tend greatly to the Benefit and by One: and, upon the Question severally put there-Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and upon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed all Persons resorting thereto, or passing through the to by the House.

same, if the said Streets and Lanes were properly Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

paved, cleansed, watched, and lighted; — and the ingrossed.

Witness added, That the Corporation and Inhabitants

are almost unanimous in their Desires to carry the Pur- Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Don-iingtou poses prayed for by the said Petition into Execution; and whom the Bill for dividing and inqlosing certain upon Jim ns that all the Buildings proposed to be taken down are the Open Common Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Ings, and Incl°sure* Property of the Corporation. other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, with-

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Second-men- in the Parish of Donnington upon Baine, in the County tioned Petition, Mr. Downe being further examined, of Lincoln, was committed, That the Committee had said, That it is proposed to erect over the Market House examined, and found that the Standing Orders of a Sessions House, and other convenient Rooms, for the the House, of the 2.5th of April 1774, relative to Use of the Corporation, the Expence of which is Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that estimated at £.2,500, or thereabouts — And that the the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Expence in paving the Streets, and providing Lamps and Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the other Things, is estimated at £.500. Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

That a Subscription of £. 500 has been made by to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the the Corporation and Inhabitants — That the Corpora- Committee had gone through the Bill, and made tion propose to give the Materials of the old Market several Amendments thereunto, which they had d}-House, and the Scite of the new Ground, for the rected him to report to the Mouse; and he read the Benefit of the Public — That a Rate of Nine Pence Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the in the Pound is proposed to be raised upon the In- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: habitants, which will produce about Ninety Pounds Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; a Year; and also a Toll upon Sundays and Fair Days, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the to he collected at the principal Avenues of the Town, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the which is estimated at Seventy Pounds a Year — And House.

that the hiring out the Stalls and Standings in the Ordered, That the Bill, wdth the Amendments, be Market, which at present belongs to the Corporation, ingrossed. and is intended to be given up by them, to be applied to the Purposes of the Act, will, upon Calcula- Sir Joseph Mawhey reported from the Committee, to Southw tion, amount to about Twenty-five Pounds a Year — whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the lloads i>oulls<

And the Witness further added, That the Produce of leading from the Stone’s End, in Blackman Street, in the several Funds before-mentioned will, as he ap- the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to prebends, answer all the Purposes to be effected by IT/ghgate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton an^ the Act. Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stock-

And being further examined, he said, That if a well, to Brit Ion Causeway \; and from Newington to Power was given to remove Nuisances, Annoyances, the East End of Peckham Lane; and from Camberwell and Obstructions, in the Streets and Lanes of the said Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Borough, the same would be a great Convenience to Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts, the Inhabitants thereof, and to all Persons resorting now in Force, as relates to the said Roads; and for thereto — And he added, that many of the Houses in repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid, to Witch-the said Borough being roofed with Thatch, and a cross, in the County of Sussex, was committed; and Fire happening some few Years since, near Twenty to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees of

5 Geo. III. 29* Aprilis. on the Surrey and Sussex Roads, and also of the Inhabi- made under the Directions of the said Act, will be a tants residing in and near Lambeth, Vauxhull, Ken- very heavy and unequal Expence to the Petitioners, nington, Newington, and Christ Church, in the County whose Premisses, though of less Value than those in of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had the High Street, are infinitely more extensive in Front considered the said Petition, and had examined the towards the said Streets and Lanes; and that many Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be of the Petitioners are Occupiers of Lands in the said true; and that the Committee had gone through the Borough, whose Houses are not in the Town of Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Arundel, and some of whom do not reside within the they had directed him to report to the House; and said Borough, therefore can receive very inconsider-he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de- able, if any, Advantage, from the Regulations pro-livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s posed by the said Bill, although by Reason of their Table: Where the Amendments were Once read occupying such Lands they will be obliged to bear a throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; very considerable Proportion of the Rate proposed to and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, be raised by virtue thereof; and that, exclusive of with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the paving and lighting the said High Street, which the House; and an Amendment was made by the the Petitioners apprehend ought to be done by the House, to the Bill. Inhabitants thereof, according to immemorial Usage,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the*Amendments, be the other Ends proposed by the said Bill may be fully ingrossed. answered by the Highway Rate, and by the general

Laws of the Land, without the particular Interposi-

King’i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An tion of an Act of Parliament, and, that the Expences

Estate. Act for vesting in Trust, for Peter Lord King, and his attending the same are not an Object sufficient to Heirs, the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of a Messuage, warrant the Expence which will be incurred in ob-or Dwelling House, in Dover Street, in the County of taining such Act: And therefore praying, That they Middlesex, devised and limited by the Will of Thomas may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against Lord King, deceased, and for settling a Farm, Lands, the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, in lieu Law.

thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will, was read Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

a Second Time. Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves Mcnvbey, Mr. Burton, &c.: And they are to meet or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s if they think fit.

Chamber. Oraei'ed, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the

Amndel A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are said Petition.

Streets, &c. thereunto subscribed, Proprietors, Owners, or Occu- Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time piers of Messuages or Lands, within the Borough of upon this Day Sevennight.

Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was presented to

the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free* Menai

the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, holders, Merchants, and Traders of the County of Bridge.

Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and for removing Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that a

and preventing Incroachm^nts, Obstructions, and Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a

Annoyances therein; and Setting forth. That the Bill for making a Bridge over an Arm of the Sea, be-said Borough consists of One principal Street, called tween the Counties of Anglesey and Carnarvon, called The High Street, and several other lesser Streets or The Streights of Menai, at a Place near Porthacthwy Lanes, and the said High Street is regularly built on Ferry, called Ynysgeint; and Alledging, That the free

both Sides, the Houses standing contiguous to each Navigation of The Streights of Menai is an Object of

other, and being of much greater Value, and let at public Importance, the said Streights being navigable much higher Rents, than those in the other Parts of throughout for Vessels of very large Burthen, and the Town; and that the other Streets and Lanes in frequented Annually by several Thousand Sail of the said Borough are not regularly built, the princi- Vessels, loaded with different and valuable Merchan-

pal Part of the Lands and Grounds lying at the Side dize, and the making a Bridge as aforesaid will very

thereof being occupied as Fields, Gardens, or Or- materially injure the Navigation of The Streights of chards, and there being many Buildings therein used Menai, and thereby be detrimental to the Trade and as Stables, and for other Purposes, which are of small Commerce, Maritime Strength, and Revenue of this Value, and of very considerable Extent in the Front to- Nation, and to the Interest of the Petitioners in par-w'ards the said Streets and I.anes; and that the said High ticular: And therefore praying, That they may be Street is paved, but the said other Streets or Lanes heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the are not paved, and, for Time immemorial, the Inha- Bill for making a Bridge as aforesaid, bitants of the High Street have been accustomed, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

and, as the Petitioners conceive, ought, still, to pave, Table, until the Report be received from the Cotn-cleanse, and repair the said Street at their own Ex- mittee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, pence, the Occupier of each House having been ac- and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, custorned, at his own Expence, to pave so much of and others of the County of Anglesey, and of other the said Street as lies before his House, extending to Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of the Middle of the said Street; and that the other Ireland, is referred.

Streets or Lanes have always been repaired by the

Surveyors of the Highways, out of the Highway A Petition of several Merchants and Owners of Ships Yarmouth

Rate, and the Petitioners therefore conceive, that, if and Vessels trading to the Port of Great Yarmouth, Bridge &c. the said Bill passes into a Law’, such of them as are on Behalf of themselves, and all others in the like not Inhabitants of the High Street will be materially Circumstances, was presented to the House, and injured thereby, inasmuch as they will be obliged to read; Taking Notice of the Bill for building a new bear a considerable Burthen, which ought to fall on Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth, and for the Inhabitants of the said High Street only, and, as enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Pow-the Expence of the Foot Pavements, intended to be ers, of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Vol. 40. Majesty,

pi2 290 AprUis. A. 1785.

Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; and Setting *forth, That, by the said Act, certain Duties were granted on Goods and Merchandize, imported into the said Haven, or Yarmouth Road, for defraying the Expence of executing the said Act, and, amongst other Works, towards repairing the Bridge over the Haven, and the public Quays; and, that the Petitioners observe, the said Bill provides, that Part of the Duties shall be applied in building and maintaining a new Bridge, and the other necessary public Works therein specified, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, notwithstanding which, the Petitioners see a Clause. is inserted, giving Power to apply any Surplus that may remain of the Duties to other Purposes than those directed by the said Act, which Application, the Petitioners conceive will be very injurious to them, and to the Trade of the said Port, and that there are other Objections to the Bill, as it now stands: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts thereof as may affect them, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Spalding,&c. Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according Roads. tp Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Marys to Sutton Wash, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cheltenham, A Bill for amending the Roads from a Place called *c. Road. Piss’s Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to t Gloucester, and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road, at a Place called Pewsdon Ash, and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilkenny, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painswick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Master, Mr. Young, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scotch An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act,

Distillery, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to

grant Licences to Persons, living in the said Counties or Districts, to distill Spirits from Barley, Bear, or 7

Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, -as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills, in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences to Persons, living in the said Counties or Districts, to distill Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences.

Ordered, That General Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Watliqg Roads leading from The Gibbet, or Lutterworth Hand, Street on the Wailing Street Road, through the Parishes of ^^ovcf Churchover, Brownsover, Nercbold upon Avon, Rugby, ov and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County, at or near a Public House, known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Parish of Billon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Gibbet, or Lutterworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through the Parishes of Church-over, ;Brownsover, New bold upon Avon, Rugby, and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County, at or near a Public House, known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Henry Machvorth reported from the Com- Cardiff, ^c, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Roads. Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Glamorgan, and other Inhabitants residing in the said County; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of a certain District, in the County of Glamorgan, called Gower; and also, the Petition of the Creditors of the Swansea District of Turnpike Roads in the County of Glamorgan; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the District of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan, residing near to the Roads within the said District thereinafter mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the District of Bridgend, in the County of Glamorgan, residing near to the Road within the said District thereinafter mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied, so far as respects the first-mentioned ’Petition, which is for enlarging the Term and Powers of the Act therein mentioned, and for adding certain Pieces of new Road thereto; but that the said Standing Orders had not been complied with in respect to the Four last mentioned Petitions, which are for extending the Powers of the said Act to the Roads from the Six Mile Stone on Caerphilly Common, on the Road from Cardiff to Caerphilly, and from thenqe to Bedzvas Bridge; and from the Turnpike Road at Nant Garza, to Caerphilly aforesaid, containing in Length about Four Miles and Three Quarters; and from the Town of Bridgend to Lan-gewidd, containing in Length Four Miles; and from the Fifth Mile Stone on the Road leading from Swansea to Rosilty, over Fairwoods Common, to the Opening

of

25 Geo. III. Aprilts. 012

of the Road leading to Kikrough, containing in Length Two Miles, it not having been determined to apply to Parliament for that Purpose until it was too late to give the Notices required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); vis.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign was read. And,

A Member present informed the Committee, That a considerable Progress hath been made in amending the several Roads therein described; in the doing of which a large Debt had been contracted, which cannot be discharged, nor can the Roads be completely amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the Act be enlarged. And that the several Pieces of Road alluded to in the said first-mentioned Petition are narrow, ruinous, and incommodious; and that it will be of public Utility to include the same within the Powers of the said Act.

To prove the Allegations of the Four last mentioned Petitions, Mr.. Thomas Thomas being examined, said, That the several Pieces of Road described in those Petitions are narrow and incommodious, and incapable of being properly amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it will be a Convenience to the Public, and to the Neighbourhood, to extend the Powers of the said Act to these Roads also.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and u keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the " Town of Cardiff,\ and several other Towns and " Places, in the County of Glamorgan" and for altering, repairing, and widening certain other Roads within the said County: And that Sir Herbert Mack-worth and Mr. Edwin do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Beverley,&c. A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving cer-inclosure. tain Lands, Grounds, Carrs, and Common Pastures, in Woodmansey, Thearne, Wed, and Skidby, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Gilbert, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Beverley,&c. A Bill for draining, preserving, apd improving cer-

Draioage. k tain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bridgeman’s An ingrossed Bill to enable John Simpson (lately Name. called John Bridgeman) Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Simpson, pursuant to the Will of William Simpson, Esquire, deceased, and also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Simpson, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Simpson (lately called John

Vol. 40.

Bridgeman) Esquire, and the Heirs Male, of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Simpson, pursuant to the Will of William Simpson, Esquire, deceased, and also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Simpson.

Ordered, That Mr. Hopkins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill Richmond to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Poor*

Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surra/, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid, and for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances,. Obstructions, and Incroachments therein, is committed, have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Commercial Dealers, in the City of Brechin, North Britain, was Intercourse presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, WIthIreland. That the Petitioners are very sensible of the many Ad-, vantages that might arise to Great Britain and Ireland from a permanent System of Intercourse and Commerce betwixt them, established on just and reciprocal Principles* but, so far as the Petitioners are able to form a Judgment of the System adopted by the Resolutions of the Irish House of Commons, they are fraught with Danger to the Manufactures, as well as the Landed Interest of this Kingdom, and in particular alarming with respect to the Linen Manufactures, which are the Staple Article in that Part of the Country; and the Petitioners apprehend, that in all Equity, if Ireland is to have an equal Share of all the Commercial Benefits of the Empire, she should take a proportional Share of all the Burthens: And therefore praying, That the House will not, in this ‘

Session, determine on this Subject, but will1 allow more Time for digesting and settling a Matter of so very great Importance to this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and L'eland.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Wharton's Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Estates. Anthony Wharton, Esquire, deceased, situate and being in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes therein expressed, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Tomkyns, from Trade with the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the West Indies Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Imports and Exports between that Part of Great Britain called England’ and the British West Indies, for the last Ten Years, viz. frorm Christmas 1773 to Christmas 1783, which is as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the several Articles, and the Value thereof, and the Amount of the Duties and Drawbacks thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

10 Z Ordered,

Election —

County

Voters.

Customs, Excise, and Stamps.

Ditto.

Tobago

Trade.

914

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Houso. The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Mahon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered\ That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Smith reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Robert Smith accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such & Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Sums paid into the Exchequer under the Heads of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, in the Week ended the loth of April 17S4.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Sums paid into the Exchequer under the Heads of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, in the Week ended the 10th of April 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Young, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Importanon of Goods from Europe, in Neutral Ships, into " the Islands of Saint Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, " Dominica, Saint Vincent, Grenada, and the Grenadines; and of Goods the Produce or Manufacture " of the said Islands, and of Tobago and Saint Lucia, " from thence into this Kingdom, in such Ships, " upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, for " a limited Time; for permitting certain Goods, the

29" Aprilis.

A. 1785.

41 Produce of those Islands, secured in Warehouses in " this Kingdom, to be taken out, on Payment of the British Plantation Duties, and to cancel certain " Bonds entered into for Payment of the Duties due " thereon; for further continuing certain temporary " Acts for the Encouragement of Trade; and to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of " His Majesty’s Reign, for allowing the Importation " of Goods the Growth of Saint Christopher, Necis,

" and Montserrat, into any of His Majesty’s Dominions in Europe or Americaas permits the Importation of Goods, the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, into this Kingdom; That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

And Mr. Young moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties: And that Mr. Young, Mr. Rose, and Sir Adam Fei'gussou, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom York the Petition of the Governor and Company of Under- Building takers for raising Thames Water in York Buildings, was referred; That the Committee had examined the " Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the Mouse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Second and Third Years of King William and Queen Mary, was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Governor and Company were in*? corporated and enabled to purchase, enjoy, and alien Lands and Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, and to do and execute all other Things by their Name of Incorporation that to them shall appertain, and to use a Common Seal; and the said Act appointed a Governor and Six of the said Company to be called Assistants, to have the Direction of all the Affairs of the said Company.

And it appeared that the said Company, in pursuance of the Power vested in them by the said Act, did, in the Year 1719, order a Subscription to be opened for raising a Stock of £1,200,000, to be laid out in the Purchase of Estates in Great Britain, to be a Fund for granting Annuities for Lives, and for assuring Lives for the Benefit of all the Subscribers to the said Joint Stock.

It further appeared, that the Sum of £308,093.14.7. was by the said Company invested in the Purchase of certain Estates in Scotland, of the Annual Value of £ 12,000, more or less, and in Northumberland, of the Annual Value of £ 2,684, more or less, which Estates were sold under the Authority and Directions of an Act of the Fourth of George the First, for Sale of the Forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland: And, in pursuance of PoNVers vested in the Company by Two other Acts of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the said King’s Reign, in order to raise Money the better to enable them to make good their said Purchases, they granted Annuities for Lives, to the Amount of £ 12,000 per Annum, by Bonds to the Annuitants, and charged the said Company’s Lands in Scotland with the Payment of the said Annuities.

It further appeared, that, subsequent to this Transaction, the Affairs of the said Company were, by Mismanagement and Misconduct in the then Directors, greatly deranged and embarrassed, and their Estates and Property were loaded with divers Incumbrances,

7 and

25 Geo. III. 0.$ Jprilis. pi 5

and the Company thereby sustained many heavy Losses, 44 Estates in Scotland belonging to the' York Building* the Consequence of which was, that the several Annui- 44 Company} for the Relief of their Creditors," in order tants, by virtue of the Powers contained in their Security, to have the unsatisfied Purchase Money of the said entered into Possession of the Company’s Estates in Estates paid into the Bank of England, to be dis-Scotland, and continued to hold the same; and subject tributed among the several Creditors, under the Dh to their Right and Security, the Estates have been sold rection of the Court of Chancery, and the Surplus to under the Directions of several Acts of Parliament, and remain for the Benefit of the Stockholders: And that Decrees in Law, Mr. Phelips and the Earl of Surrey do prepare, and

It also appeared, that by virtue of certain Clauses bring in, the same, contained in an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of

His present Majesty s Reign, intituled, An Act for Sir William Dolben, according to Order, reported

14 expediting the ’Sale of the Estates in Scotland, be- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it 1 anudcurc’ 44 longing to the York Buildings Company, for the was referred to consider of the Report which w as Relief of their Creditors/’ it w as provided, that the made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland should pro- Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass cecd, under certain Regulations therein expressed, to Manufacturers, was referred, the Resolutions which the the Sale of the Company’s Estates in Scotland, to the Committee had directed him to report to the House; classing of their Creditors, and to adjudge and satisfy which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in their respective Claims, out of the Purchase Money at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arising from such Sale, and in the Manner directed by are as followeth; viz.

the Act. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Then Mr. Froward, w ho is Law Agent to the Com- That the Mode of collecting the Duties upon Plate Glass pany, being examined, informed your Committee, cast by the Governor and Company of British Plate That by the Powders given by the said Act, all the Glass Manufacturers, ought to be by Weight upon the Estates and Baronies in Scotland belonging to the said Plates when squared.

Company, except the Superiorities and Duties ,of the Resolved\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Town and Village of Stonehaven, have been sold un- That several other Alterations and Amendments are tier the Authority of the Judges of the Court of Ses- necessary to be made in the Act of the Thirteenth Year sion — That sundry large Sums of Money have, under of His present Majesty’s Reign for incorporating the the special Provisions in the said last mentioned Act, said Company.

been paid by the Purchasers of the said Estates of the The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Company, by virtue of the Warrants of the Court of Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Session in Scotland\ and out of the Money so paid, agreed to by the House.

certain Persons, complaining as Creditors, have re- OrderedThat a Bill be brought in upon the said ceived Sums to a great Amount; but there still are Resolutions: And that Sir William Dolben and Sir Very large Sums of Money remaining in the Hands of Herbert Machxvorth do prepare, and bring in, thfc certain of the Purchasers, amounting in the Whole, as same, is apprehended, to more than sufficient to pay all the

just and legal Debts of the Company, to the Surplus of Mr. William M'DcrtcaU presented to the House, ac* Paisley which Monies the Petitioners, the Company, are en- cording to Order, a Bill to continue, and render more Tw0 Pennies titled in virtue of their reversionary Right — That the effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of Scots* Liquidation of the fair Debts of the Company, is a the Reign of his late M^esty King George the Second,

Matter of great Importance of them, as well as to their for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth just and lawful Creditors; and the Method of Liquid Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale dation directed by the Act, is not only highly incon- and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, venient and expensive, but extremely dilatory and tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Li-disticiilt, as the Debts of the Company are for the most berties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for impart contracted by Securities unknown to the Law s of proving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for Scotland, and upon which Questions must necessarily other Purposes; And the same was received; and read arise in the Scotch Courts, which ought to be determined the First Time.

according to the Eiiglish Law. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Witness further said, That the said Company, being an E?iglish Company, and their Debts contracted A Bill for vesting in Aixhibald Earl of Dundonald\ Earl of under the Forms and Principles of the English Laws, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Dundonald’s they are desirous that the said Debts may be fairly Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar-maldng* liquidated, according to those Forms and Principles, and Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral in the most expeditious, equitable, and certain Manner, Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Coal, throughout and that their different Creditors may accordingly His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time, was read receive Satisfaction for their respective Claims in the a Second Time.

JEnglish Courts; which cannot at present be done, as Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam the rroduce arising from the Sale of their Estates is in Fcrguisott, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to Scotland, and out of the Jurisdiction of the said Courts meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the — And, the Witness added, That if it shall appear that Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee any of the Debts of the Company have been contracted are to have Voices, in Scotland, and according to the Forms and Principles

of the Scotch Laws, the Company are willing that a The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Treasurer of sufficient Sum shall be retained in the Royal Bank of the 17th Day of February last, 44 That Leave be given the Navy. Scotland to answer such Demands, and that the Surplus to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Office of only shall be remitted to Englatid\ till the Validity of u the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, and for tnrns-such Claims can be ascei tamed according to the Laws ferring the Custody of the Cash, for Ordnance Service, of Scotland. " from the Treasurer of the Ordnance to the Bank of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill a England" might be read, for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Se- And the same being read accordingly; venteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Ordered\ That so much of the said Order as relates intituled, An Act for expediting the Sale of the to the transerring the Custfcdvof tfae-Cash, for Ordnance Vol. 40. ' Service,

pi 6 n<J Apri A. 1785.

Service, from the Treasurer of the Ordnance to the to the 5U1 Day of January 1776; distinguishing Bank of England, be discharged. each Year, together with the’' Totals, and" stating

also the Average Produce of each Tax, and of the Treasurer of Mr, Henry Dundas presentedto the House, accord- Totals, the Navy. ing to Qrcjer) a Bill for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy: And the same Ordered, That there be kid before this House, an Produce of Mas received; and read the First Time. Account of the Produce of the several Taxes granted Tax*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. since the 5th Day of January 1776, for One Year,

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. ending the 5th of April 1785.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an PuWicDeln

Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they Produce of A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- stood at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the Taxes, die. posed, That a Committee be appointed to enquire 5th Day of April 1785, with the Annual Interest and into, and state to this House, the Annual Net Produce, other Charges payable thereon, from the 5th of April 1775 to the 5th of April 1785,

of the several Taxes now. subsisting, which were grant- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Excheqcn ed previous to the .5th Day of January 1776, distin- Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy guishing each Year, together with the Totals, and and Victualling Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, now stating also the'Average Produce of each Tax, and of outstanding, the Totals; and also, the Produce of the several

Taxes granted since the 5th Day of January 1776, for The other Orders of the Day being read;

One Year, ending the 5th of April 1785; and also, Ordered, That the Debate on the Question, pro- Crick!* the Amount of the Public Debts as they stood at the posed upon the 14th Day of this Instant April, That E,fClUD-Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day the House do agree with the Select Committee, who of April 1785, with the Annual Interest and other were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Charges payable thereon; and also, the Amount of Petition of John Walker Heritage, and Robert Nicholas, the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, Ordnance Deben* Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names tures, and other unfunded Debts; and to report the are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve said Accounts, with their Observations thereupon, to the in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the House; County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Election and Return for the said Borough, in the Re-Question, by leaving out the Words w with their Ob- solution, " That the Conduct of the Returning Ofservations thereupon." " beer, in taking the Poll, and making the Return,

And the Question being put, That the Words pro- " at the last Election of Members to serve in Parlia-posed to be left out stand part of the Question; " ment for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of

It passed in the Negative. " Wilts, was partial and illegal, whereby a colourable

The House was moved, That the Entries in the " Majority was obtained on the Poll for Mr. Adamsou Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of April, and " and Mr. Coxebe further adjourned till Monday; the 2d Day of May. 1782, of the Proceedings of the Morning next.

House relative to the Appointment of-a Committee, Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-to enquire into, and state to the House, the* Amount ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of the several Sums raised by Annuities towards the House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Supply granted to His Majesty, between the 5th Day His Majesty.

of January 1776, and the 5th Day of April 1782", # Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

with the Annual Interest payable thereupon; toge- fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ther with the Annual Produce of the several Taxes House, to consider further of Ways and Means for granted towards paying the Interest of the said Sums, raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and the Deficiencies thereof, and to report the same to Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-the House, with their Observations thereupon, might ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole be read. House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s

And the same were read accordingly. most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament,

Then the mam Question so amended being put, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the That a Committee be appointed to enquire into, and Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between State to this House, the Annual Net Produce, from Great Britain and Ireland. the 5th of April 177.5 to the 5th of April 1785, of the several Taxes now subsisting, which were granted pre- Ordered, That Mr. Rolle have Leave to make a Mforf viousto the 5th Day of January 1776, distinguishing Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock. c

each Year, together with the Totals, and stating also And he moved the House accordingly; and the Average Produce of each Tax, and of the Totals; A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and

and also, the Produce of the several Taxes granted enlarging the Powers, ot an Act, of the lourth^earqf since the 5th Day of January 1776, for One Year, end- His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several ing the 5th of Api'il 1785; and also, the Amount of the Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County Public Debts, as they stood at the Receipt of His Devon, was read a Second Time.

[ Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1785, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

with the Annual Interest and other Charges payable Mr* Orchcrd> &c.: Aifo they are to meet this After-thereon; and also, the Amount of the Exchequer noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Cham- Bills, Navy Bills, Ordnance Debentures, and other her. unfunded Debts; and to report the said Accounts to

the House; And then the House adjourned till Monday Mora-

It passed in the Negative. fog nexb Ten of the Clock.

Ditto. Ordei'ed, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Net Produce, from the 5th of April 1775 to the 5th of April 178$* of the several Taxes, now subsisting, which were granted previous

2 5 Geo. III. 2"

9ll

Luna, 2* die Mail;

Anno 25® Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785* Prayers.

Upper TV/T Tkistlethzvaytc reported from the Committee, Clatford 1VA to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste

Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Upper Clatford, in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure; had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of One Yard Land and an Half, who hold the same by Lease for Lives, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of Forty-four Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kinnerley, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

*c. Inclo- Common Fields, and Waste Lands, within the Manors

of Kimierley and Metcerley, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Kinnerley and Melverley, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cirencester Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cirencestei', in the County of Gloucester, in the room of Samuel Blackwell, Esquire, deceased.

Aylesbury, Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, ac-&c. Rood. cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcomb and Tetsworthy in the said County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Kilrenny, The House, according to Order, resumed foe ad-Ac. Election. journed Consideration of the Motion made upon Tuesday last, That Andrero Gray, Baillie, William Gray, Junior, Alexander Tennant, James Ballantyne, William Halson, and Alexander Jordan, Constituent Members of the Town Council of the Burgh of Anstruther Easterr Vol. 40.

and Colonel John Thomson, of Chqrltoam; the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Craill, and James Moncrief, Esquire, of Sauchope; Thomas Smart,

John Reid, David Loxvson, Robert Anderson, David Watson; and John Anderson, Constituent Members of the Town Council of the Borough of Kilrenny, and Sir Robert Anstruther, of Balcaskie, Baronet, have Leave to withdraw their Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Burghs of Kilrenny, Anstruther Easter> Anstruther Wester, Pit-tenweem, and Croill.

And John Anstruther, Esquire, the Sitting Member, having, in his Place, acquainted foe House, that he consented to the withdrawing of the said Petitions;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 3d Day of March last, for taking foe said Petitions into Consideration upon Thursday next, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said several Persons have Leave to withdraw their said Petitions.

Sir George Comewail reported from the Committee, Bishop of to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Hereford's,. An Act for confirming an Exchange agreed upon &c*Estate8* between the Lord Bishop of Hereford and the Right honourable Charles Lord Sommers, of certain Estates in the County of Her ford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Cornexcall do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Stanbridge made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Lane ltoads. Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of Ramsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of Henry Hat tat, at Axvbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderley, and from Lockerly Mill Stream to East Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury, was read a Second Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Dudley Dealers in Coal, Inhabitants of Stroud in Glouces- Canal. tershire, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a Bill, to extend the present Dudley Canal into the Birmingham Canal, at or near Tipton, by which a shorter Communication will be opened between the Birmingham Market and the Port of Bristol; and that the Petitioners are well convinced the greatest National Benefits will ensue if an Act be passed agreeable to the Prayer of such Petition, and manjr valuable and extensive Mines of Limestone,

Coals, and Ironstone, will thereby have an Opportunity 11 A of

Staffordshire, kc. Canal.

Whitechapel

Hoads.

918 a0 Mali. A. 1785.

of being brought into the Severn Markets, which are, A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Slave Trade, now deprived of the Benefit of Water Carriage, and Bridgewater, was presented to the House, and read; which will be the Means of lowering and regulating the Setting forth, That the Petitioners, reflecting on the Price of those necessary Articles; and that the Freight deplorable Condition of that Part of the Human of Merchandize will be considerably reduced and expe- Species, the African Negroes, who, by the most fla*1 dited by a Saving of upwards of Thirty Miles in every gitious Means, are reduced to Slavery and Misery in Boats Journey out and home, all which the Petitioners the British Colonies, crave Leave to address the House conceive to be Matters of great Consequence to them- in their Behalf, and to express a just Abhorrence of selves, but more so to the Public in general: And there- a System of Oppression which no Prospect of Private fore praying, That the said Bill may be permitted to Gain, no Consideration of public Advantage, no Plea pass into a Law. of political Expediency, . can sufficiently justify or

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the excuse: That, satisfied as the Petitioners are that this Table, until the Bill for extending the present Dudley inhuman System meets with the general Execration Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Mankind, they flatter themselves the Day is not of Thomas Talbot Foley\ Esquire, within the Parish of far distant when it will be universally abolished; and Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and com- they most ardently hope to see a British Parliament, municate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and by the Extinction of that sanguinary Traffic, extend the Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in Blessings of Liberty to Millions beyond this Realm, the County of Stafford) be brought in hold up to the World a glorious and merciful Ex~

ample, and stand foremost in Defence of t,he violated A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Deal- Rights of Human Nature: And therefore praying, That ers in Coal, Inhabitants of Stroud in Gloucestershire, the House will take the Matter into their Considera-and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the tion, and pursue such Measures as to them shall seem House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners meet.

observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to Ordered\ That the said Petition do lie upon the

bring in a Bill to enable the Proprietors of the Staf Table.,) ;:

fordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to lower . \ *

the Tonnage upon any Part of their Canal, without A^ Bill: for repairing, new pewing, seating, and Kiddermin. the Controul or Regulation of the Commissioners erecting Galleries, and making other Alterations and sterChurch« whom Parliament appointed the Guardians of the Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kiddermin*

Public Interest; and that, if such Bill should pass */fr, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second into a Law, it would be in the Power of the Pro- Time.

prietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, Resolved\ That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygorh

by partially lowering their Tonnage, entirely to ex- Mr. Foley> &c.: And they are to meet this Aiter-clude the Coal Mines bordering on the Stourbridge noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers diamond Dudley Canals from sending their Produce to her.

Market, and, the Petitioners apprehend, a Power of such Magnitude is much better placed in the Hands of A Petition of the several Burgesses ^f the^JBqrgh of PaidtyTw respectable disinterested Men, than in those of interest- Ptiisky, in the County of Renfrew, apd: Iqbabit^trts ed Individuals; and that the Petitioners have very sen- thereof and in the Neighbourhood, whose, J^ames ate sibly felt the great Advantages arising from a Compe- thereunto subscribed, for and in., Behalf of them-tition of Collieries, and, as the Dudley and Stourbridge selves and others, was presented to the House/pnd Mines can only be kept open by an Equalization of read; Taking Notice oi the Bill to continue and Tonnage, the Petitioners are apprehensive of the render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty* greatest Danger, should that regulating Power of sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Commissioners given them by the Legislature be George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies taken away, and vested in the Company of Proprietors Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, whose Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Interest it must be to annihilate the Trade from those Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the fawn of Collieries which afford them the least Benefit, and Paisley and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, which the Petitioners have great Reason to believe they for improving the Navigation of the River Cart, and would do, without regarding the Cry of Justice from for other Purposes; and Setting forth, That the Peti-Individuals, or paying the least Attention to the Public tioners are convinced, that the establishing, continuing,

Advantage: And therefore praying, That the said Bill or ievy*ng> ^,e said Duty of Two Pennies Scots, is may not pass into a Law. unjust and oppressive to them and every other Indi-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, vidual, and highly prejudicial to the public Revenue: until the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal, ti*e same may not pass into a Law, or that the Peli-be read a Second Time. tioners may have such further or other Relief as to the

House shall seem meet

A Bill for amending and keeping in Repair, the A Petition of John Tennent, John Struthers, James Ditto.

Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Mid- Hervey, John Cuthbertson, Robert Tennent, William dlesei) to Shenfeld, and the furthermost Part of the Buchanan, William Pinkerton, Junior, Robert Ruing,

Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the James Ferguson, and James Montgomery, all Brewers Causeway, in the Parish of Lore Layton, to the End in Glasgow, was also presented to the House, and of the said Parish oi Woodford next Chigwell; and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourne, in and Setting forth, That the said Duty of Two Pen-the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the nies Scots is a Tax nearly equal to the Duties of Ex-said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile cise on Small Beer, and in its Operation very prejudi-Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads, was read cial to the Revenues of Excise, and the Petitioners are a Second Time. of Opinion, that the Impost Duties, so much, coveted

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brant- and ardently pursued by the Magistrates of Towns in ston, Mr. Strutt, &c.: And they are to meet this that Part of the United Kingdom, are incompatible Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s with its true Interests, and act in direct Opposition to Chamber. a Reform in the National Revenues, so necessary for the

Googh

It’s

ate*

n and un.

ndTax

mmis-

ners.

as Geo. III.

a0 Mail

9l 9

the Prevention of Frauds, and thereby the Imposition of additional Taxes upon the People of this Realm; and that, they apprehend, it will be made evident, that the Revenues of Excise on Ale or Beer have decreased, in the Proportion of One Half, in almost every Town in Scotland where these Impost Duties have been established, in regard that it is ascertained by the Records of the City of Edinburgh, that the Quantities brewed within the Limits of that Act, in the Year 1776, did only amount to Two Seventh Parts of the Quantities which had been brewed, and for which Duties were paid, in the Year 1724, although there has been, between these Two Periods, a very great Increase of Inhabitants in that Cily, for which Decrease in Quantity different Reasons have been assigned, unconnected with the true Cause, but the Petitioners, from particular Knowledge, must ascribe it chiefly, if not solely, to the Existence of the said Impost Duties, and therefore beg Leave to suggest, that the Board of Excise in Scotland should be directed to enquire into, and report upon, the Facts here represented, that a Remedy may be applied to correct an Evil of such Magnitude: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be passed into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves and Counsel, in Support of what they have above alledged.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Two Thirty-sixth Shares of the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias Asland\ in the County of Lancaster, Part of the settled Estates of Edward Holt, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the saute Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Popham, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, King George the Third, intituled, "An Act €t for further regulating and ascertaining the Importa-,c tion and Exportation of Com and Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England\ be read a Second Time upon Thursday Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant May.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled " An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, " for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-five," together with those named in Three former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title Vol. 40.

be, An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, of An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, c< for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-five," together with those named in Three former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this \

Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Eden reported from the Committee, to whom Bancroft’* the Bill for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, l8COvei> the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables fofc* dying, staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours throughout that Part of His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time, was' committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr- Hungerford reported from the Committee, 16 Osgathorp* whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Inclosur the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waste Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgathorpe\ in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied With; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of 5 Acres and 3 Roods of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 179 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Rose Fuller, and John Gibraltar Bowman, Esquires, in Behalf of themselves, and of James Prize Money. Simpson and James Deze, Esquires, who are resident at Gibraltar, was presented to the House, and read;

Reciting an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of His Majesty’s

Gibraltar Prize Money.

920 2° Man, A. 1785.

Majesty’s Ships of War, taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy; and Setting forth, That, by a rower of Attorney, bearing Date the 27th of October 1782, duly executed by Sir George Augustus Eliott, Governor of the Garrison of Gibraltar, by Sir Robert Boyd, the Lieutenant Governor, by the Generals, Officers, Non-commissioned Officers,. Soldiers, and others of the said Garrison, or the major Part of them, the Petitioners (together with Mr. Stephen Robinson, since deceased) and the said Messrs. Simpson and Deze, of Gibraltar, were duly appointed their Attornies and Agents, to solicit, transact, and take Care of all their Concerns and Interests in the Spanish Battering Ships, and Spanish Ship of War Saint Miguel, and in all Head Money, Bounty Money, or other Monies arising therefrom, with the fullest Powers for receiving the same, and thereby allow ing to the Petitioners (and the said Stephen Robinson, since deceased) and the said Messrs. Simpson and Deze, the usual and customary Commission thereon; and, the Petitioners likewise received a like Power of Attorney, bearing Date the 30th of September 1782, from Sir George Augustus Eliott, Sir Roger Curtis, and the Majority of the Naval Officers, Seamen* and Marines of the said Garrison and Naval Department, whereby they were, in like Manner, impowered to act for them; and that, under the Authority of the said Act of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, and pursuant to the before-mentioned Powers of Attorney, Bills were issued by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, for the before-mentioned Bounty Money, and delivered by the Treasurer of the Navy to the Petitioners, as Agents for the said Officers, Soldiers, Seamen, and Marines of the said Garrison; and that, upon the 21st of July 1784, His Majesty was pleased, by Warrant under His Sign Manual, to appoint the Distribution of £30,000, being nearly the Amount of the Bounty Money, to and between the Military and Naval Departments, in the Proportions therein mentioned, and the Petitioners immediately requested Sir Robert Boyd, the Lieutenant Governor of the said Garrison, then and now resident here, to appoint a Broker, to cooperate with the Broker named by the Petitioners in selling the said Navy Bills to the best Advantage, for the Purpose of making the most speedy Distribution of the Bounty Money, pursuant to His Majesty’s said Warrant, and Sir Robert Boyd did accordingly appoint a Broker, agreeable to the Petitioners said Request; and that thtf said Navy Bills were accordingly sold by the said Brokers with as much Expedition as a beneficial Sale thereof would permit, and, in order that every possible Delay might be avoided in making the Distribution, the Petitioners did, in the mean Time, and before all the Navy Bills were sold, publish Notice in the London Gazette* agreeably to the Directions of certain Acts of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, appointing the 7U1, 8th* gth, 10th, and 11th of December 1784, for the Payment of the several Military and Naval Departments, in the Order particularly mentioned in the said Advertisement, and thereby giving Notice that the Shares not then demanded would be recalled at the Place appointed on the First Friday in every Month, for Three Years to come, which Term of Three Years is the Term appointed by the before-mentioned Acts of the Nineteenth and Twentieth of His present Majesty, at the Expiration of which the then non-claimed Shares are to be accounted for and paid over by the Prize Agents to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, for the Use and Benefit of the said Hospital; and that, although the Recall Days Were so fixed for the First Friday in every Month, agreeably to the constant Usage and Custom in the Payment of Prize Money, the Petitioners, being anxious to give every possible Dispatch and Facility to the Distribution and Payment of the said Bounty Money, have caused constant Daily

Attendance to be given at their respective Counting Houses in London, from the said First Day of Payment to the present Time, for the Purpose of paying all the Officers and Men, as well of the Military as of the Naval Department; and, in consequence of such unremitted Attendance, the Petitioners can prove, to the Satisfaction of the House, that the Payments which have been made on the Recall Days, on the First Friday in the Months of January, February, March, and April, amounted only to £2,634, or thereabouts, and that the Payments, made in the Intervals of the said Recall Days, amounted to £ 8,980, and upwards; and, the Petitioners have, in no one Instance, had any Complaint made by any of the Officers, Soldiers, Seamen, or Marines, or by any Person, on their, or any of their Behalf, that any Inconvenience or Difficulty has arisen in the Mode of Payment which the Petitioners have so adopted; and that, -notwithstanding such the Attention, Assiduity, and Facility which have been uniformly given by the Petitioners, to the Distribution of the said Bounty Money, agreeably to His Majesty’s said Warrant, a Bill has been brought into the House, upon the Petition of the said Sir Robert Boyd only, for authorizing the Prize Agents, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing the said Garrison, all such Sums as shall remain or come to their Hands, of the Bounty allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War, the Preamble whereof contains a Recital of Inconveniencies and Difficulties which do not, nor have at any Time, existed, and the said Bill contains Clauses and Provisions which are founded upon the Misrepresentations so contained in the Preamble to the said Bill, and are not only unnecessary and useless, but injurious to, and destructive of, the Rights with which the Petitioners are duly and legally invested, under the Powers of Attorney, given them by the Governor and the several Officers, Soldiers, Seamen, and Marines of the said Garrison, and which have been recognized by, and received the Sanction of, the before-mentioned Act of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, and which Powers, being neither revoked, or sought to be revoked, by the Persons who executed the same, the Claims in the said Bill are equally injurious to the Rights of those Individuals who have so intrusted the Receipt of their Shares in the said Bounty Money, and also their Concerns and Interests therein, to the Petitioners, and the said Messrs. Simpson and Deze, and which Powers will necessarily be annihilated without the Consent of the Parties executing the same, if the said Bill, as now framed, shall pass into a Law; and that the said Bill also contains a Clause, disposing of the Sum of £423. 1 i s. 4 d. Surplus of the said Bounty Money, although Directions have been given, by His Majesty’s said Warrant, concerning the Application of the same, or some Part thereof, and likewise a Clause respecting the unclaimed Shares of the said Bounty Money, totally Vepu^nant to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament now in force concerning the Application of the unclaimed Shares of Prize and Bounty Money: And therefore praying, That they may be at liberty to attend, by Counsel, before the Committee of the House on the said Bill.

A Petition of John Trayton Fuller, of Bayly Park, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, the Son-in-Law and Attorney of and for and in Behalf of General Sir George Augustus Eliott, Knight of the Bath, and Governor of Gibraltar, w as also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Sir George Augustus Eliott, in the Year 1779, on his taking upon him the Government of Gibraltar, and the Command of His Majesty's Forces in that Garrison, duly appointed the Petitioner his Attorney for transacting his Concerns in this Kingdom, during his Absence on the

Hasel den’s Wood Roads.

Coxe’s]

Estate.

Shaftoe’s

Charity.

Collignon’s

Nat.

Shaftoe's

Charity.

25 Geo. III. 3° Mail921

said Service, and the Petitioner hath ever since acted A Petition of the Citizens and Inhabitants of the Staffordshire,

under the said Appointment and Power; and Taking City of Worcester, was presented to the Houserand &c. Navi. Notice of the Bill for authorizing the Prize Agents, read;. Setting forth, That the Petitioners perceive, 8at,0D* appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibral- by the Votes, that a Bill is brought in, to enable the tar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Company to the said Garrison, all such Sums as shall remain or regulate the Tonnage on any Part of their Canal, come to their Hands, ,of the Bounty allowed for the without the Interposition of Commissioners appointed Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War; and by Parliament for the Regulation thereof; and that,

Alledging, That 'the said Bill contains Clauses which the Petitioners apprehend, an equal Reduction of,

materially affect the Concerns and Property, of the Tonnage, upon the Whole of the Staffordshire Canal, said Sir George Augustus Eliott, by taking very consi- would be beneficial to the Public, but that a partial derable Sums of Money, to which he is or shall or Reduction thereon, in Favour of the Bilston Mines may be entitled, out of the Hands of those Agents only, would exclude and shut up the Produce of the with whom he has intrusted the Receipt thereof, by Stourbridge and Dudley Mines from the Severn Mar-his Power of Attorney, duly made and executed by kets, from whence the Public, and the Petitioners, have him for that Purpose, and transferring the same, received the greatest Advantage: And therefore pray-without his Knowledge and Consent, into the Hands ing, That the Power of regulating the Tonnage on of the Regimental Agents, or of other Agents, to be the said Canal may not be placed in the Hands of an appointed by certain Commissioners, intended to be interested Company, but that the same may remain named and appointed by the said Bill; And there- under the Inspection and Regulation of the Commis-fore praying, That he may be heard, by Counsel, in sioners, who can have nothing farther in View than Behalf of the said Sir George Augustus Eliott, before Public Justice, and that the said Bill may not pass into the Committee of the House, to whom the said Bill is a Law.

committed. Ordered\ That the said Petition do lie upon the

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Table, until the Bill to enable the Company of Pro* be referred to the Consideration of the Com- prietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal mittee of the whole House, to whom the said Navigation, to lower and regulate the Tonnage^ upon the Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to said Canal, be read a Second Time.. be heard, by their Counsel, before the said

Committee, upon their Petitions, if they An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act CoxeV

think fit. ~ for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates Estate.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- of Henry Hippisley Core, Esquire, in Somersetshire\ mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, the said Petitions. and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant, as well

Leases of the Coal Mines, as other Leases, was read the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. First Time.

Thomson: Resolved\ That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House,

Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en- pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

larging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and List of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Half Pay,

Ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing Forces and Marines entitled to receive Half Pay in

and widening the Roads from the White Post, on Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof,

Haseldeiis Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Ap- for the Year 1785; And also,

plcdore Heath, and from Milkhouse Street, in the same List of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Arm-Parish, to Castlederis Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden, rican Forces entitled to receive Half Pay in Great and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tenter- Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the den, through Rokenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Year 1785.

Parish of Newenden, in the County of Kent; without And the Titles of the said Lists were read.

any Amendment: And also, Ordered, That the said Lists do lie upon the Table,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to be perused by the Members of the House, for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates The said Lists are preserved amongst the other

of Henry Hippisley Core, Esquire, in Somersetshire, in Papers of this Session.

Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase

Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commercmt Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant, to resolve itself into "a Committee of the whole House, Intercoorse

as well Leases of the Coal Mines, as other Leases; to to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most wl re

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon

And also, the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Ad-

Tile Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act justment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great for better regulating the Charity of John Shaftoe, of Britain and Ireland, be now read.

Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland, And the said Order being read accordingly;

Clerk, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Con- The House resolved itself into the said Com-

currence of this House: And also, mittee.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

naturalizing William Henry Collignon; to which the Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

they had examined a Witness, in Support of the Pe-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An tition of the Manufacturers of Earthen Ware in Staff Act for better regulating the Charity of John fordshire, and had closed the Evidence in Behalf of Shajioc, of Nethei' Warden, in the County of Nor- the said Petition; and that he was directed by the thumberland, Clerk, deceased, was read the First Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit Time. A again.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolved\ That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Vol. 40. 11 B resolve

922 2s — 3

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^ouse, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Ad* justment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Bsrbadoes Ordered\ That there be laid before this House, an 4$ percent. Account of the Annual Charge on the Revenue Duty, Duty* or Custom, of Four and an Half per Centum, at Bar-dadoes and the Leeward Islands, on the 5th Day of April 1785.

Ditto. Ordered\ That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Revenue Duty, or Custom, of Four and an Half per Centum, at Bar* badoes and the Leeward Islands, for Ten Years, ending the 5th Day of April 1785; distinguishing each Year.

Ditto. Ordered', That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums charged on the Duties of Four and an Half per Centumt which remained unsatisfied on the 5th Day of April 1785.

Commercial Ordered, That Mr. David Clarke, of Stockport, do, Intercourse Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the with Ireland. whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Benjamin Greaves, of Manchester\ do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Stead, of Stockport, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Staffordshire The House was moved, That the Order, made upon fcc.Naviga- the 21st Day of April last, for reading a Second Time, tion. Tomorrow, the Bill to enable the Company of Pror

prietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 10th Day of this Instant May.

Cricklade The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Election — adjourned Debate on the Question, proposed upon the Conduct of 14th Day of April last, That the House do agree with Officer108 ^e Select Committee, who were appointed to try and cer' determine the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Criddade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, in the Resolution,

" That the Conduct of the Returning Officer, in " taking the poll, and making the Return, at the " last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for " the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, " was partial and illegal, whereby a colourable Majority was obtained on the Poll for Mr. Adamson and " Mr. Core;"

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Thursday Fortnight, the 19th Day of this Instant Mam

Ordered, That it be referred to the Members of this House, who composed the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whosq Names are thereunto

Mail. A. 1785.

subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wills, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, at the last General Election, to extract from the Minutes of the said Committee such Particulars as appear therein of partial and illegal Conduct in the Returning Officer for the said Borough, at the said Election; and that they do report the same to the House, together with the Evidence thereon.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to‘ His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means-whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis9 S* die Maii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys

and Mr. Thomson: 1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Fees &<J by this House to One of the Amendments made by of Public their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Offices, appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees,

Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emolument^, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the some, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tunstead, Act for the better Relief and Employment of the &c. Poor. Poor, within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing; in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have passed a ' Bill, intituled, An Act Agnew»g for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Estates. Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates of Barn-barroch and Shenchan, lying in the County of Wigton, and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to Robert Agnew, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting either of those Estates, and for vesting the Remainder in Fee Tail to the same Heirs, and under the same Limitations as are mentioned in the Deed of Entail thereof, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

o

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Grand Jury, and Abingdo*. ether Inhabitants of the County of Pembroke: And Navigation, also,

A Petition of the Mayor and other the Inhabitants of the Towns and Boroughs of Petnbroke and Tenby, in the County of Pembroke;

Were severally presented to the House, and k read;

25 Geo. III. 30 Maiu $23

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending for enabling certain Persons to make a Navigable Canal from or near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Thames and Severn Canal, at some Place at or near Kempsford\ in the County of Gloucester, which Canal, if executed, will not only prove a great National Benefit, but also be of Advantage to the County of Pembroke, and the neighouring County: And therefore praying the House to permit the same to pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for „ making and raaintaufoig a Navigable Canal

from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kenipsford} in the County of Gloucester, be read a Second Time.

Holbrooke Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com-luclosure. mittee; to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Holbrooke, in the Parish of Duffield\ in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ipswich, &c. An ingrossed Bill for amending and keeping in Road. Repair the Road leading from Ipswich to Beccles, and from the said Road to Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham, through Halesworth, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Ipswich to South Town, and from the said Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Commercial A Petition of the Manufacturers and Woolstaplers Intercourse of the County of Southampton, was presented to the with Ireland. j.jousej ancj reac|. Setting forth* That the Petitioners are sensible of the Advantages which would arise, as well to England as to Ireland, from the Settlement of a permanent and mutual Treaty df Commerce, and are therefore far from wishing to impede Government in making such a Treaty, but, apprehending the Resolutions of foe Irish' Parliament by no Means calculated to produce so desireable an Event, the Petitioners judge it expedient to communicate their Sen-'timents before a final Regulation takes Place, having too high an Opinion of the House to suppose they will promote the Establishment of those Resolutions /Unless they can be regulated in such a Manner as Vol.40.

will place the Interests of both Countries on a fair and equitable Footing; The Petitioners are of Opinion, that the 3d, 4th, 7th, and 9th Resolutions of the Irish House of Commons are very incompetent to produce the much-desired Plan of Equalization, but, on the contrary, are likely to undermine British Manufactures, and that the Mode proposed of equalising Duties, by laying them on, or taking them of, specific Articles, will not be productive of reciprocal Advantages; The Petitioners conceive it may not be improper to state, that there is a very lar^o Quantity of Irish Yarn imported Annually into this Country, the Introduction of which they apprehend of great Service, as it furnishes Employ for a Number of their Poor, but, if the Resolutions pass info a Law in their present Form, they imagine that Ireland Svjh work up her own Materials, and, from the Ipequar lity of Taxation, fyc, will not only supplant them in Foreign Markets, hut also in the Home Trade, the fatal Result of which appears too obvious: The Price . of Labour and Provisions being so much lower in Ireland than in England, the Petitioners think it necessary, in order to produce Equality, that the Situation of the Two Countries should be strictly compared, ip order that such Regulations may be made as will promote the general Welfare of both, and the Petitioners, 'having impartially investigated the Irish Propositions, are unanimous in their Opinion, that, if they pass into a Law, it will be exceedingly injurious to all foe Manufacturers of Low Woollens apd Worsted Stuffs, and think it necessary to remark, foat Irish Wool is particularly well adapted for making such Goods, and, as there is a large Consumption of them in this Country (owing to foe Number of Poor employed in its many extensive Manufactures, who are chiefly Cloathed therewith) they suppose the Sister Kingdom will seek a Market here for those Articles, and will inevitably supplant them in the Home Trade, unless such a Duty be imposed on the Importation of Irish Stuffs and Coarse Woollens, as will put jt out of the Power of Ireland to meet them on unequal Terms in their own Markets; and that foe chief Articles the Petitioners manufacture am Worsted Stuffs,

Coarse Woollens, and Yarn, for Sale, which being wrought with Wool the Produce of our own Land, and considered as the Staple Commodity of this Kingdom, they think it would be very impolitic to give Ireland the Preference in these Branches, especially as her Exports already so much exceed those of this Country, and she enjoys such manifest Privileges in the Linen Trade; and that the Petitioners, being well satisfied that the Duties proposed to be laid on the Importation of Irish Stuffs and Coarse Wollens are not sufficient to protect the Home Trade, with Grief and Concern observe, that a Ratification of the Irish Resolutions will not only prove injurious to most Branches of the English Manufacture, but will also be detrimental to the Landed Interest, and ultimately tend to exalt Ireland at the Expence of Britain, and destroy those Springs of Emulation and Improvement which arise in a Commercial Country, and are essential to the Manufacturing Interests of this Kingdom: And the Petitioners therefore hope the House will remove the Subjects of their Apprehensions, by such Alterations and Modifications as to, foe House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of Hairy Easton and Richard Sharp, Commercial Woollen and Worsted Manufacturers, on 13ehalt of intercourse

t heips elves,

pi4 3° Mail. A. 1785,

themselves, and many others, with whom they have joined in a Petition to this House, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having presented their Petition to the House, praying, that in the present Commercial Treaty now about to be settled with Ireland, such Restrictions and Modifications might be made in the Propositions from the Irish House of Commons, as to preclude this Country, and the County of Southampton in particular, from any just Cause of Complaint, and therein stating their particular Grievances, the Petitioners in their said Petition, omitted to pray that they might be heard, by themselves or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the Propositions mentioned in the said Petition being carried into a Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves or their Counsel, upon the Matter of the said Petition, before the Resolutions therein specified meet , their final Adjustment

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their said former Petition, if they think fit.

Pennington An Jngrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain inclosur^6 ^>Pen Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Donnington upon Baine, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Donnington upon Baine, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tobago 4 Mr. Young presented to the House, according to

Trade. Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for the Im-

portation of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobagoy upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Spalding,&c. A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Hoads. passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Mary's to Sutton Washy in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Sir John Rous, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

East India Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Corn-Affairs. pany d0 iay before this House a Copy of a Letter from Warren Hastings, Esquire, Governor General of Bengal, to the Court of Directors, dated Benares, the 1st of October' 1784; and also, a Copy of the several Papers enclosed in the said Letter.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com-

pany do lay before this House, a Copy of the Observations of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, upon the Reports transmitted to them by the Court of Directors in their Letter of the 16th of March

1784.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu- Stafford,? facturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of &c: Navi-; Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was presented satioD' to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to lower the Tonnage upon what Parts or Lengths of their Canal they shall please, without the Interference of the Commissioners whom Parliament appointed for the Protection of the public Interest; and that the Petitioners are well satisfied with the Integrity of the present Commissioners, and think a Power of such Importance to the Public better lodged in the Hands of Men of Fortune and Honour than in those of interested Individuals, and, the Petitioners firmly believe, if such Bill passes into a Law, a partial Lowering of Tonnage will immediately take Place, having little Expectation of Justice being done where Competitions subsist; that they have sensibly felt the Advantages of the Collieries near the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals, and are very apprehensive, if the Attempt succeeds, they will be deprived of those useful Sources, and the Stourbridge and Dudley Canals rendered of no Service to the Petitioners and the Public at large: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon ths Table, until the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu- Dodley facturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough Canal, of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal into the Birmingham Canal, at or near Tipton, by which a shorter Communication will be opened between the Birmingham Market and Bristol; and that the Petitioners are well assured, that, if such Bill passes into a Law, it will be attended with great National Importance, by bringing the Produce of many valuable and extensive Mines of Limestone, Coal, and Ironstone, into the Severn Markets, by lowering and regulating the Price of those necessary Articles, and by causing a Reduction in the Freight of all Merchandize navigated upon The Severn; all which the Petitioners conceive to be of great Consequence to themselves, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may be permitted to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill, for extending the present Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford\ be brought in.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Watered others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and Parts adjacent, are in great Want of Water for their Domestic Uses, and, of course, liable to sustain heavy Losses in case of Accidents by Fire; and that certain Persons haye. agreed to raise a Fund

for

2$ GeD. III. j° Maii. 925

for the Establishment of an Engine, and other necessary Works, for supplying the Inhabitants of the said Parish and Parts adjacent, with Water, but find that the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that the Petitioners were not warranted to apply to the House before the last Day of receiving Petitions for Private Bills was past, because the Subscription for the Fund requisite for establishing such Engine and Works, without which no Steps could be taken towards effecting the same, was not filled till after that Day, and, that the Sum-pier Months are the most proper for erecting such Engine, and making such Works as are requisite for effecting the very useful and necessary Object above stated: And therefore praying, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances above-mentioned, Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for a Bill to incorporate the Subscribers to a Fund for providing and establishing an Engine, with necessary Works thereto, for supplying the Inhabitants of Lambeth aforesaid, and Parts adjacent, with Water, in such Manner, with such. Powers, and under such Rules, Ordefs, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet, v Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth.

Then a Petition of the several Persons whose Names are therennto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said- Parish, and Parts adjacent, are in great Want of Water for their Domestic Uses, and of course liable to sustain heavy Losses in case of Accidents by Fire; and that certain Persons have agreed to raise a Fund for the Establishment of an Engine, and other necessary Works, for supplying the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and Parts adjacent, with Water: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Subscribers to a Fund for providing and establishing an Engine, with necessary Works thereto, for supplying the Inhabitants of Lain* beth aforesaid, and Parts adjacent, with Water, in such Manner, with such Powers, and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mawbcy, Mr. Pturner, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Treasurer of Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second

the Navy. Reading of (lie Bill for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee 9f the whole House, upon the said Bill.

a-

Debtors A Petition of near Seven hundred unfortunate Pri-

Petition. soners confined for Debt in the Kings Bench Prison,

in Behalf of themselves, and others: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder subscribed, beiqg Prisoners confined for Debt in the Marshalsea Prison: And also,

Vo 1* 40.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the New Gaol, in the Borough of Southwark;

Were severally presented to the House, arid read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. ‘

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to York Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed Buildings in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for expediting the Sale " of the Estates in Scotland belonging to the York " Buildings Company, for the Relief of their Creditors," in order to have the unsatisfied Purchase Money of the said Estates paid into the Bank of England, to be distributed among the several Creditors, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and the Surplus to remain for the Benefit of the Stockholders: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Watson presented to the House, ac- Poultry and cording to Order, . a Bill to enable the Mayor and Wood Street Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to mptere* pull down the Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings, within the said City, for the Purpose of rebuilding the same:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Insolvent the Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Alder- Debtors, man Sawbridge and the Earl of Surrey do prepare* and bring in, the same.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the 1*!* Trade. House, by His Majesty’s Command,

N° 1. An Account of Bounties granted by Acts of the Irish Parliament, for the Advantemerit of Irish Manufactures: And also,

N° 2. An Account of Bounties upon Irish Manufactures exported, granted by Acts of the Irish Parliament, as far as they fall within the Department of the Honourable the Chief Commissioners and Governors of His Majesty’s Revenue of Ireland, specifying the Nature and Rate of the Bounties, and the Sums which have been paid in virtue thereof, for the Five Years ending at Lady Day 1784; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 3. A Paper, intituled, " Bounties amounting to £. 15,000, on the Sale of Manufactures:" And also,

N*4. An Account of the Payments made by the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, either by Grants to Individuals who have established Manufactures, or by a per Cent. on the Manufacture, during the last Five Years, ending the 29th of September 1784, specifying the Sums paid in each Year, and the Manner of disposing of the several Sums: And also,

N° 5. An Account of all Bounties upon Irish Manufactures granted by the Dublin Society during the Five Years, ending December the 31st, 1784, specifying the Sums granted each Year, and the Manner of disposing of the said several Sums.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Paper.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for die Use of the Members of the House.

11 C The

A. 1785*

Elections —

County

Voters*

Elections — Bribery and Expence.

Shortening the Duration of Parlia* stents*

Abingdoh

Navigation*

3 p Mail

The said Accounts and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments;

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Nottingham, assembled at Newark, in a General Meeting, pursuant to the Summons of the High Sheriff, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of April last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And tht same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That I*eave be given to bring in a Bill for shortening the Duration of Parliaments;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr. Alderman Saw-j bridge, > 58.

The Earl of Surrey: J

Tellers for the Noes.j^ .} ,42.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, or Isis, near the Town of Abingdon, in the County of Berks, to join and communicate with the Line of the Thames and Severn Canal, in the Parish of Kempsford, in the County of Gloucester;

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

?osed, That the said Bill be now read a Second 'ime;

The House was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 25th Day of April 1774, " That, " after this Session of Parliament, when any Petition " is presented to this House, for making a Naviga-<c ble Canal, or for making or improving the Navi-€t gation of a River, or for altering any Act of Par-c< liament passed for either of those Purposes, there c< be presented, with such Petition, a Plan, describing the Line of such intended Canal or Navigation, and the Lands through which the same is to c< be carried; and that previous Application be made " to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, for t( their Assent to the proposed Canal or Navigation; l< and that separate Lists of the Names of such Owners and Occupiers be presented also with the said " Petition, distinguishing which of them, on such " Application, have assented to, or dissented from, u the said proposed Canal or Navigation, or are neuter in respect thereto," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House w as also moved, That the Report which, upon the 14th Day of March last, w as made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, residing in the County of Berks, was referred, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining, that they had been stated as being, neuter to the Plan for making the said Canal* although they always were averse to the same; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining that they had been stated as having assented to the making such Canal, although they never gave their Consent thereto; and also the Petition of Charles Long, Esquire; which were severally presented to the House, upon Thursday last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word "now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes w>ent forth.

rr n r v fMr. Loveden LovedenA

Tellers for the 1 cas»j,fyf r William Smith: j 2*

TeHers for the Xoe8,{^;Urd Beau: }107*

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon this Day Three Months," be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Gibraltar Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Prize Money, authorizing the Prize Agents, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing the said Garrison all such Sums, as shall remain or come to their Hands, of the Bounty allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr* Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

R-esotoedy That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Call of the the 18th Day of April last,' for the House to be called House, over Tomorrow, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 11th Day of this Instant May.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Commercial ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Intercourse House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s Wllh Ireland’ 9 most

J

45 GkO. III.

4* Mail

9*7

most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of Jariuhry last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Coriirtiercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till To-tnorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MercuriL 4° die Maii;

Anno 25' Georgii lli‘" Itegis, 1785.

fftAt ERS.

THfi House being informed that Mr. Hughson* from die Exchequer, attended at the Door; he

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House* pursuant to their Orders, 1

An Account of the Amount of the Public Debts, PublicDebts. as they Stood at th6 Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th D&y of April 1785, with the Annual Interest, and ether Charges payable thereon: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills Exchequer now outstanding.

And thert he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accbunts were read.

The said Accounts are as follovteth; vjz.

Vo l, 40.

To

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Public Debts, as they stood at die Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1785, with the Annual Interest,

and other Charges payable diereon.

SO

OO

D

cq!'

r — Hh

n'

CD

Q.

cr

£D

o

c§

FT

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities for Long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and unsubscribed to the South Sea Company - -

D® - for Two and Three Lives, being the Remainder after what is fallen in by Deaths ——

Exchequer Bills, made out for Interest of old Bills ——

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by Act 5th Gij. 3tU Rs. being the original Sum contributed - - - ’

Note. The Land Taxes, and Duties on Malt, &c. being Annual Grants, are not charged in this Account; nor the £. 1,000,000 charged on the 6d. per Lib. on Pensions; nor the £.2,000,000 raised by virtue of the Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; nor the £. 1,500,000 borrowed A0 1784, and charged ou the Supplies Ani^o 1785; nor the Sum of £. 1,000,000 borrowed A° 1784, und charged on the Supplies A° 1785,

EAST INDIA COMPANY:

By Two Acts of Parliament, 90 Willi. 3d1 Rs. and Two other Acts, 6° et 90 Anna Rnae. at £.5 per Cent, per Annum

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, A0 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters

BANK OF ENGLAND:

On their original Fund, at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, from 1st August 1743 -

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, by Act 3,u Gij. i®i Rs.

Purchased of the South Sea Company -

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery A0 1714

D<

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Duty on Coals, since Lady-day A0 1719

at £*3 Per Cent.- per Annum, charged on the Duty on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, since Lady Day A® 1746 -

at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, consolidated by the Acts 250, 28®, 29°, 310, 32°, et 33° Gij. 2di Rs. and several subsequent Acts at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, granted and consolidated with the above Capital, being Part of £.6,000,000, granted by an Act 24® Gij. 3|U Rs.

but by a Subscriber not having completed the Payment of £. 1,160, being his Proportion for the Principal Sum of £.2,000, the same is

reduced to ——

at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, consolidated by several Acts 25* Gft/. 2di Rs. 50 et 210 Gij. 3UI Rs. and charged on the Sinking Fund -

at £ 4 Per Cent, per Annum, granted by Acts 20°, 21% 220, et 230 Gij. 3,!i Rs. -

at £.4 Per Cent, per Annum, on £.3,000,000 further additional Capital, granted to the Subscribers of £. 6,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1784, by Act 240 Gij. 3tl‘ Rs.

at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum, on £.6,870,341 Debentures -

c

101,401,696 5

5.998,000-----.

C ’ * d.

29»75,oooo-----1

3.oooo,oooo----- J

195. 6d. granted by an Act 24° Gij. 3ul Rs. to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Orduance

Principal Debt.

£- d.

1,836,275 17 10* 67.t55 8

2,200-----

18,000-----

Annual Interest, and other Charges payable thereon.

3,200,000-----

1,000,000-----

3.200.000 -

500,000-----

4,000,000 — —

1.250.000 -

1.750.000 -

986,800-----

«7,399.66 5 37.340,073 i« 4

32»75o,o 00----

M70,34i 19 6

136,453 1* 8 8,195 13 —

540----

97.*85 14 30,401 15

343,9<*7

nf

Sr

100,000 -

15.000-----

191,898 3 5

37.500 -

51.500 -

99.604-----

3.478.873 >» 4 1,141,30$ — — f

>.3«6,734 7 6 N*

o

4*

P


Memorandum. The Subscribers of £. 100, to the Lottery A0 1745* were allowed an Annuity for One Life, of 9 s. a Ticket, which amounted to £. 22,500, but is now . reduced, by Lives fallen, to £. 12,614. 10s.; and the Subscribers of £.100, to the Lottery A° 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life, of 18*. a Ticket, which ’ amounted to she Sum of £. 45,000, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £.23,165. 105.; and the Subscribers of £. 100, to £.3 per Cent. Annuities, A01757, were allowed an Annuity for One Life, of £.1. 2 s. 6d. which amounted to the Sum of £.33,750, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £.25,478. 7 s. 6d.; and the Subscribers of £.100, to the £. 3 perCent. Annuities, A° 1761, were allowed an Annuity for 99 Years, of £. \. 2s. 6d. amounting, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £. 130,053. 10 s. 3d.; and the Subscribers of £. 12,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1762, were entitled to an Annuity for 98 Years, of £. 1 per Cent, which, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, amounted to £. 121,687. 10 which Annuities of 99 and 98 Years were consolidated by Act 40 Gij. 31*, R*.; aBd the Subscribers of £. 5,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1777, were allowed an Annuity of 10 s. for every £.100 , contributed, for 10 Years, from 5th April 1777, which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £.25,351. 11 i. 3d. and the Subscribers of £.6,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1778, were allowed an Annuity of £.2. 105. for every £.100 contributed, for 30 Years, from 5th January 1778, or for Life, which amounted, with Charges of Management tb the Bank of England, to £. 152,069. 65. Part of which Sum hath been by the Subscribers exchanged for Life Annuities, amounting to the Sum of £.2,849. 135. but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £.2,769. 131.; and the Subscribers of £.7,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1779, were allowed an Annuity of £.3. 15 s. for every £. 100 contributed, for 29 Years, from the 5th January 1779, or for Life, which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to £. 266,116. 12$: 2d. Part of which Sum bath been by the Subscribers , exchanged for Life Annuities, amounting to the Sum of £.5,318. 18$. 7d. but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £.5,228, 185. 7 d.; and the Subscribers of £.12,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1780, were allowed an Annuity of £.1. 16*. 3d. for every £. 100 contributed, for 80 Years, from the 5th January 1780, which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to the Sum of £.220,558. n«. \o\d.; and the Subscribers of £.13,500,000, for the Service of the Year 1782, were allowed an Annuity of 175. 6d. for every £. 100 contributed, for 78 Years, from the 5th January 1782, which amounted, with Chargee of Management to the Bank of England, to the Sum of £.119,786. 2*. 7 d.; and the Subscriber of £. 12,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1783, were allowed an Annuity of 13$. 4d. for every £. 100 contributed, for 77 Years, from 5th January 1783, which amounted, with Charges of Management to the Bank of England, to the Sum of £.81,125; and the Subscribers of £.6,000,000, for the Service of the Year 1784, were allowed an Annuity of 55. 6d. for every £. too contributed, for 75 Years and 6 Months, from 5th July 1784, which amounted to £. 16,500; all which Annuities are an Increase of the Annual Interest, but cannot be added to the National Debt, as no Money was advanced for the same ——

»,i94,336 it 7i

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 90 Gij. iml Rg.

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, A° 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund

24,065,084 13. ill 735.974 >3 1*

1,919,600 — — 58,667 15 6

228,164,228 1 — I

8,7°9A38 l9

Cn

o

o

Note. No Management is charged in this Account, upon the several Annuities granted A* 1784.

O

Exchequer, the 4th Day of May 1785.

John Hugh son.

O

cq‘

N

CD

Q_

cr

'O

to

\o

93°

4° Mail

A. 1785.

lb the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in* Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills now outstanding.

Exchequer Bills, on the Land Tax, Anno 1783 -

Ditto - - - Anno 1784 -

Ditto - - - - Anno 1785 - -

Ditto - Malt Tax, Anno 1784 -

Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the Act for establishing an Agreement with the Bank of England, for raising the Sum of £. 2,000,000 towards the Supply, Anno

1781.....-----

Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted on His Civil List -

Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the Act for granting Relief to the East India Company ——

Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the Act for raising a certain Sum of Money towards the Supply, Anno 1785 -

Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the Act for raising a further Sum of Money towards the Supply, Anno 1785 ——

Total of Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 29th Day of April 1785 - £.

433.oooo----

1,469,000----

613,190 18 737,280 — 10*

2,000,000 -

217,500 — —

300,000----

1,500,000----

140,900----

7,410,870 19 3

Exchequer, the 4th Day of May 1785.

John Hughson.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bishop's Castle* &c. Hoads;

Mr. Clive reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brocton to the Turnpike Road at Minst erlty, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads leading from the Turnpike Road near the Foul Lane End Tnrnpike at Bishop's Castle to Norbury, and from the said Foul Lane End Turnpike to the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle to Ludlow, and from Clun to Newton Green, and from the Red House, in the Parish of Lydbury North, to the Turnpike Road leading from Clun to Newton Green, and from Clungunford to Lingen Bridge, and from Montgomery to Kerry, and from Montgomeiy to Brynydenven, and from The Blue Bell, in the Parish of Churchstoke, to the Farm in the Parish of Keny, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ambler reported from the Committee, to whom Ricbmoid the Bill to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Poor. Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond, aforesaid, and for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish; add also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants and Land Owners of the Town of Brentford, in the Parish of Great Ealing, and Parts adjacent thereto, in the County of Middlesex, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the First of the said Petitions, and that Counsel appeared in Support of the Second-mentioned Petition, but had declined any further Opposition to the said Bill; and that they had also heard Counsel in Support of the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the 6 Amendments

Co;

Gr,

Bancroft's Dying Discovery.

Southwark, he. Roads.

Corn and Grain.

,-2t 5 Geo. III. 4

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying, staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours throughout that Part of His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain called England\ the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Bewick upon Tweed, for a limited Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying, staining, printing, and painting, certain valuable Colours throughout that Part of His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain called England\ the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time.

Ordered That Mr. Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone’s End in Blackman Sti'eet, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussev, and to Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell, to Brixton Causeway; and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane; and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill\ in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid to JVitchcross, in the County of Sussex, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone’s End in Blaclman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell, to Brixton Causeway; and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane; and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid to Witch-cross, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Maxvbcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and " ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of

Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, whereby the general Average Prices of Corn and Grain, in the several Parts of this Kingdom, are to be ascertained, by the Returns of the Com Factors in the City of London, according to the Prices in that City; and Alledging, That large Quantities of Corn and Grain are exported from, and imported into, the Port of Bristol\ to the Vol. 40.

Mail. 93 f

great Behefit of that Place, and of the neighbouring Counties, and such Exportation and Importation have been regulated by the Prices of Corn, as found by the Grand Jury at the Quarter Sessions, by due Enquiry upon Oath, which Regulations, the Petitioners ap* prebend, are better calculated to answer the Purposes intended by the Legislature, than those proposed by the said Bill: And therefore praying, That such Clauses of the said Bill as relate to, or affect, the Manner of ascertaining the Prices of Corn and Grain out of the City and Port of London, may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clauses, if the Nature of their Case should require the same.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Common- torn and fclty of the Society of Merchants Venturers of the City Grain-of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that the Provisions of the said Bill, if it was to pass into a Law, would tend to deprive the Port of Bristol from obtaining a Foreign Supply, even in Times of the greatest Need, and establish a Monopoly of the Corn Trade in the Port of London; and that considerable Districts, in the several Counties which are situate near, or have Communication with, the Port of Bristol, do not grow Corn sufficient for their own Consumption, but depend chiefly on the Bristol Market for a Supply, and, any Attempt to regulate the Importation of Corn and Grain, into the Port of Bristol, by the Price of Com at the Corn Exchange within the City of London, would be injurious in the Extreme to the Inhabitants of Bristol, and its Dependencies:

And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to * lie upon the Table, until the said Bill he read a Second Time; and the last mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Mr. Marsham' reported from the Committee, to Ramsgate whom the Bill for better paving, cleansing, repairing, i>dying» lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market-House, and holding a Public Market in the said Vill, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lbrds, intituled, An Act Collignon's for naturalizing William Henry Collignon, was read the Nat-First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Agnew's Act for impowering the Judges.of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates of Barnbar-roch and Shenchan, lying in the County of Wigton, and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to Robert Agncw,

Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting either of those Estates, and for vesting the Remainder in Fee Tail to the same Heirs, and

under

932 4 Mail. A. 1785.

under the same Limitations as are mentioned in the Deed of Entail thereof, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven, was read the First Time.

' # Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wharton's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estates. for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Anthony Wharton, Esquire, deceased, situate and being in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes, therein expressed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Milnes, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mcnai A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-

Bridge. holders, Merchants and Traders, of the County of

Pembroke: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants and Traders, of the County of Montgomery;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill, for making a Bridge over an Arm of the Sea, between the Counties of An-glesey and Carnarvon, called The Streights of Menai, at a Place near Porthaethwy Ferry, called Ynysgeint; and Alledging, That the free Navigation of The Streights of Menai is an Object of public Importance, the said Streights being navigable throughout for Vessels of very large Burthen, and frequented Annually by several Thousand Sail of Vessels, loaded with different and valuable Merchandize, and the making a Bridge, as aforesaid, will very materially injure the Navigation of The Streights of Menai, and thereby be detrimental to the Trade and Commerce, Maritime Strength and Revenue, of this Nation, and to the Interests of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the Bill for j making a Bridge as aforesaid.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the

humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland\ is referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

Edinburgh The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

City. Act for opening an easy and commodious Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas for that Purpose; for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same; for re-building or improving the ' University; for enlarging the public Market, and Communications thereto; for regulating certain Taxes; for lighting the said City; for providing an additional Supply of Water; for extending the Royalty of the said City; and for levying an additional Sum of Money for Statute Labour in the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mon Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Fields, Leicester; and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County; and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Cottage or Tenement, used as and for a School-House, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, iu Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in Lieu of, or in Compensation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, situate and being in the Town of Blandford Forum, of greater Value; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from EatlnJk the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he w as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General of Bengal to the Court of Directors, dated Benares, 1st October 1784: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General to the Governor General and Council, dated 20th September 1784: And also,

N° 3. (marked N° L) Estimate of the Company’s Demand against the Vizier, from the 1st of July 1784 to the End of August 1785: And also,

N° 4. (marked N° II.) Kistbundee settled on the 26th of August, for Payment of the Debt due from the Nabob Vizier to the Company, within the Year 1192, Fussullee: And also,

N° 5. (marked N0 III.) Copy of a Letter from his Highness the Nabob Vizier, inclosing a.Sowal of Air mass Ally Canon, and the other Aumils of his Government, to the Governor General, dated 25th August 1784, with the Governor General’s Answer: And also,

N° 6. (marked N°IV.) Abstract of the Nabob Vizier’s Account with the Governor General and Council, from the 1 ith September 1783 to the 31st August 1784:

And also,

N° 7. Observations of the Governor General and Council of Bengal, upon the Reports transmitted to them by the Court of Directors, in their Letter of the 16th of March 1784.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Tr?mi« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Nav). upon the Bill for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading Reading of the Bill for paving the Footways in the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks; lor cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes,

Passages,

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland,

Remains in Exchequer.

25 Geo. III. 40 Mali.

933

Passages, and Places in the said Town; and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Houses and other Buildings and Estates within the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Estates within the said Borough, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the said Petition, and went through their Evidence.

And the Cousnel for the Bill were also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tollers for the Yeos, { GremiUe: } 4°'

Tellers for the Noes, { } «

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Mr. Neville, Mr. Grenville, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Shoes, and of Tanned and Wrought Leather, in the Town of Staf- ford, and Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth; That the Propositions, now depending in Parliament, for regulating and establishing a Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, have excited, in the Petitioners Minds, well-grounded Fears and Apprehensions, that the Manufacturers of Shoes, and of Tanned and Wrought" Leather, must be eventually ruined, should the Resolutions be carried into Effect: That the British Legislature hath heretofore considered the Tanned and Wrought Leather Manufactures of so great Importance, that the Importation of them from other Countries hath been either totally prohibited, or permitted only under such Duties as were a virtual Prohibition, and that, if these Prohibitions are removed with regard to the Irish Manufactures of Leather, the Petitioners, labouring under many heavy Burthens of Taxes, from which our Sister Kingdom is free, have not the smallest Hope left of being able to maintain themselves and Families in this Country, in Opposition to so formidable a Rival: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against those Propositions passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Monies as remain in the Receipt

Vol. 40.

of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Duties on of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider Linens, &c. further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Duties payable upon Linen and Stuffs and Stuffs made of Cotton.

A Bill for allowing further Time for the Importation Tobago of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Trade* Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbet't also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Battalions of Foot for the respective Periods therein mentioned, in the Year 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

11.E Mr.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Ditto.

Upper Clat*. ford Inclosure.

934 4° — 5

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, i;esolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Robert Brooke, Esquire, do forthwith attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Benjamin Houghton, Esquire, do forthwith attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That William Wilson, Esquire, do forthwith attend the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland. 1

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had heard Mr. Richard Sharp, one of the Persons who had signed the Petition of the Manufacturers and Woolstaplers of the County of Southampton, in Support of the said Petition, who had also been examined by the said Committee; and that the Committee had likewise examined several of the Persons, who were ordered to attend, respecting the Matter referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee Yesterday, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 5° die Maii;

Anno 250 Georgii III!ii Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Upper C/atjordy in the County of Southampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadow's, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Upper Clat-ford, in the County of Southampton.

Maii. A. 1785.

Ordered, That Mr. Thistlethwayte do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to Fortoa In-wrhom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- closure, mons or Waste Grounds within the Hamlet or Township of Forton in the County of Lancaster, was committed$ That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except certain Infants, and the Trustees of School Lands, Proprietors of Acres of Land, and the Owners of 46 Acres, who could not be met with; and also except the Owners of 52 Acres, who refused to consent; and that the Whole of the Property having Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed is 622 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once. read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Augustus Cunynghame reported from the Glasgow Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Murdoch, Two Pcdm Robert Cowan, James Gordon, James Hopkirk, and James Scots‘ Warrochy all Partners in a Brewing Business in the Village of Anders town, near Glasgow, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for " continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or OneSixth of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale " or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City " of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the Villages of Gorbals and Port Glasgow, and Privileges " thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and VII-" lages," (after reciting an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1693, an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second) the aforesaid Duty was granted and continued for a new Term of Thirty-eight Years.

That the said Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, contains the following Clause: " And whereas of late " Years sundry Persons have erected Breweries in the " Neighbourhood of the said City of Glasgow, and the u said Villages of Gorbals and Port Glasgow, and have " imported large Quantities of Ale and Beer into the " said City and Villages, for the Consumption of the " Inhabitants thereof, and have refused to make Payment of the said Duties by the foresaid Acts

" granted

ve of itnce.

25 Geo. III.

5° Mail.

955

" granted and made payable, except upon such Ale " and Beer as could be proved by the Magistrates " and Council to have been brought into, and sold " within, the said City and Villages respectively, <c which Proof, in many Cases is impracticable, or " must be attended with great Expence and Trouble " to the said Magistrates and Town Council, and u their Collectors; and the said Practices, if continued, will not only be a great Discouragement to " the Brewers within the said City and Villages, but " will in a great Measure frustrate the good Intentions " of this Act; for Remedy whereof. Be it Enacted " by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the " First Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One " thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five, for and " during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be " lawful for any Brewer, or Seller of Beef or Ale, " living or carrying on his or her Brewery, without " the said City of Glasgow and Liberties thereof, or " without the Villages of Gorbals and Port Glasgow, " to import or sell any Beer or Ale into or in the said " City and Villages of Gorbals and Port Glasgow, or " the Liberties or Privileges thereof, unless he or she " do previously give Notice to the Magistrates of " Glasgowt or to their Collector of the said Duty, at " their Office at Glasgow or Port Glasgow respectively, " and agree to be subjected to, and charged with, the " Payment of the said Duty by the said former Acts " and this present Act granted and made payable, for <c all the Beer and Ale which shall be brewed by such " Brewer or Seller of Ale and Beer, living or carrying on his or her Business without the said City " and Villages, or the Liberties or Privileges thereof; " and that every Brewer or Seller of Ale or Beer, " who shall import or sell any Ale or Beer into or in the said City or Villages, or Liberties or Privileges " thereof respectively, without having given such " previous Notice, and agreed as aforesaid, shall be a charged with, and liable to the Payment of, the said " Duty to the Magistrates and Council of the said " City, or their Collector or Collectors respectively, " for all the Ale or Beer brewed by him or her during " Twelve Calendar Months immediately preceding " his or her committing such Offence, and in all " Time hereafter, in Terms of and during the Continuance of the said former Acts and this present " Act."

Then John Mortland, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Clause is unjust and oppressive, as it subjects the Petitioners to the Payment of the said Duty for all the Ale and Beer they brew, if they import or sell the smallest Quantity within the aforesaid City or Villages, whereas it is apprehended they ought*only to pay the said Duty for all such Ale or Beer as they shall sell within the City of Glasgow, or the Villages of Gorbals and Port Glasgow, or the Liberties or Privileges thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for continuing, " and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the " Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, " intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two " Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth of a Penny Sterling, on €t every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or " sold within the City of Glasgow, and for extending the " same over the Villages of Gorbals, and Port Glasgow, " and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said " City and VillagesAnd that Sir William Augustus Cunynghame and the Lord Maitland do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, to whom Yarmouth the Bill for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Bndge»&c-Great Yarmouth, and for enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Merchants and Owners of Ships and Vessels trading to the Port of Great Yarmouth, on Behalf of themselves and all others in the like Circumstances, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard the Petitioners, by their Agent, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the-Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, ac- Cardiff cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Hoads. Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads " leading from the Town of Cardiff, and several other " Towns and Places, in the County of Glamorgan and for altering, repairing, and widening certain other Roads within the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bankes reported from the Committee, to whom wimbome the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Minster Open and Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Drainage. Common Meadows, and for draining and improving certain Common Moors, within the Parish of Wim-borne Minster, in the County of Dorset, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the B}\\, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of about 380 Acres of Land, who refused their Assent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands which are to be divided and inclosed by this Bill amount to 2,400 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,'That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir William Molesworth have Leave A Petition of the several Merchants, and others, Corn and to go into the Country for a Month, for the Recovery concerned in the Importation and Exportation of Gram, of his Health. Com and Grain within the Town and County of the

Vol. 40. Town

p3^ 5 M1785*

Town of Poofe, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertain-u ing the Importation and Exportation of Corn and " Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; and Setting forth, That the said Bill will, if suffered to pass into a Law, invest the City of London with a full Power of Controul over the Out Ports of this Kingdom, as far as respects the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Laws now in force for ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, are founded in sound Policy, and, having for their Object the general Benefit of the Public, have stood the Test of many Years Experience with National Advantage, and, therefore the Petitioners fear, that the proposed Alteration in the Mode of ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, will be of the greatest Injury to many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects, and give the greatest Encouragement to Monopoly and Oppression; and that it frequently happens, as the Petitioners are informed, that the very large Importation of Corn to the Port of London in One Quarter of a Year, reduces the Prices of Middling British Corn and Grain so far below the Standard for Importation, that, at the next Quarter Sessions, the Port is shut against the Importation of Foreign Corn and Grain, whilst, at many Out Ports in the Kingdom, the Average Prices fully justify the Necessity of allowing a free Importation;

and that the Regulation proposed by the said Bill, as far as respects the Exportation of Corn and Grain, will prove, in many Parts of this Kingdom, highly prejudicial to Commerce, and a great Discouragement to Cultivation and Agriculture, as the Average Prices of Com at the London Market may frequently, from a Variety of Circumstances, exceed the limited Exportation Prices, at a Time when the Prices in the Out Ports are considerably below the Standard prescribed by Law, and, the Petitioners are apprehensive, that the said Bill will be greatly injurious to the Landed Property of this Kingdom, and be attended with the utmost ill Consequences to the Community at large: And therefore praying, That the House

will take the Premises into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, in Support' of their Allegations, and against the said Bill passing into a Law, if the Nature of their Case shall require the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The House being informed that Mr. Prestwood, from Navy and the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; Quailing and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their B ' Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Navy and Victualling Bills outstanding on the 29th of April 1785.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, 5th May 1785.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Navy and Victualling Bills outstanding on the 29th of April 1785; prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons of that Date;

vb\

Navy Bilb Victualling Bills

£. s. d.

6,459>47 l9 5

2,912,997 2 6

9*372,405

1 n

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Nine Million Three hundred and Seventy-two thousand Four hundred and Five Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence.

Chef Middleton, Educt Hunt, Geo. Marsh, Geo. Rogers.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and other Estates, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is making

to the House for a Bill to amend the several Acts hitherto passed for repairing the Roads from Whitechapel Church to Shenfield, and other Places, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, by which Bill the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish of Christ Church are to be made liable to perform Statute Duty on the said Turnpike Roads, or to pay a Sum of Money, Annually, by Way of Composition for the same; and 1 that

J

Dudley

Canal.

Ditto.

25 Geo. III. 5°

937

that the said Parish was formerly the Hamlet of Spital Fields, within the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stepney, but is now, by Law, a distinct Parish, and the Parishioners and Inhabitants thereof are at. considerable Annual Expence in repairing the Roads belonging to their Parish; and that no Part of the Roads included in the said Bill, pass into or through any Part of the said Parish of Christ Church, wherefore the Petitioners presume it would be very unreasonable, and a great Hardship upon them, to be liable to repair Roads in a distant Parish, especially as they have Roads of their own to maintain: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and prevent the said Parish of Christ Church being liable to repair Roads in the Parish of Stepney; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodford next Chigwell; and through the Parishes of Chigwelland Lambourne, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Chuixh to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Bii'mingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented, by the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, for Leave to bring in a Bill to extend the said Dudley Canal to join and communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford-, and Alledging, That the present Dudley Canal communicating with the Stourbridge Navigation at a Place called Black Delph, in the immediate Line of Direction, to the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, the Petitioners apprehend, that, by Means of such Extension, they will be greatly benefited, and that the Trade and Manufactures of the Town of Stourbridge, and its Neighbourhood, particularly in the Articles of Iron, Glass and Fire Brick Clay, will be conveyed from thence to the Town of Birmingham, and other adjacent Parts, much more expeditiously and cheaper than in the present Mode of Conveyance, and that the same will be otherwise of great public Utility: And therefore

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in such

Vo.L. 40. f

Bill, and that the same may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and under.such Regulations, as to the House shall sepfh meet.\

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed ^Transport*-to esquire what Proceedings have, been had in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,*

" An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons,

" and other Offenders; and to authorize the Rempval " of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Pur-u poses therein mentioned," and to report their Opinion to the House, what further Measures may be necessary to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Effect, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Milton That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,’ An School Act for vesting a Cottage or Tenement, used as and House# for a School House, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in lieu of, or in Compensation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, situate and being in the Town of Blandford Forum, of greater Value, be now read the First Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,(Mr' „ 1 62.

’[lhe Lord Beauchamp: J

Tellers for the Noes,|JJj- r£T} 14-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Edmund Morton Pleydell, Thomas Gun- Ditto.

dry, Radford Gundry, Henry William Fitch, William,

Whitaker, Henry William Poi'tman, Jonathan Morton,

Pleydell, Richard Bingham, Charles Morton Pleydell Brune, David Robert Mitchell, Henry Bankes, Francis John Browne, and Edmund Morton Pleydell, the Younger,

Esquires, and George Bingham, William Chafn, and John Richards, Clerks, Feoffees of the School of Abbey Milton, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the School Lands of Milton were never Part of the Manor of Middleton, otherwise Milton, and that upo i the Surrender of the Monastery, they did not pass to the Crown, being vested, at that Time, as they have ever since been, in the Feoffees thereof; and that in April 1634, the then Feoffees of the said School bought, for a valuable Consideration in Money, of John Trcgonwdl, and John and Thomas his Sons, the then Owners of Milton Manor, Three Tenements therein, whereon the School House now stands, and the same. were then conveyed to the Feoffees, and their Heirs in Fee; and that the Appointment of the Master to the said School has always b$en in the Feoffees for the Time being, and the Lord of the Manor was never the Patron of the said School, nor had the Nomination of the Master, nor the least Concern in his Appointment, except when he happened to be One of the Feoffees, and the Deed by which the School wjas originally founded was not extapt in the Year 1735, to the Knowledge or Belief of the Petitioners; and that Jacob Bankes, Esquire, was, in the Year 1735, Lord of the Manor of Milton, and at that Time a Feoffee of the said School, and in the Year 1737 he joined with the other Feoffees in appointing the Reverend James Martin to be Master of the said School, and, the Petitioners conceive, that if the Deed of Foundation had been in being in 1735, and it had thereby appeared 1i F that

Milton

School

House.

5° Maii. A. 1785.

that the Appointment of the Master was in the Lord remove the School to any proper. Spot, either in Mil* of the Manor solely, Mr. Bankes would have alone ton, or in any other Parish, so that the Distance, from made the Appointment, and not have suffered the rest* its present Situation, should not exceed Three Miles, of the Feoffees to have joined therein; and that Lord and that it should be placed as near some Church as Milton, in the Year 1758, filed his Bill in the Court conveniently might be, and on Condition that his ' of Chancery against the Feoffees, stating (inter alia) Lordship should purohase and allot such other Piece that, in consequence of the Feoffees continuing the of Ground for die Purpose of a School House, of School as a Grammar School, the Intention.of the equal Value with the present School House, to the Founder was frustrated, and that the Inhabitants of good Liking and Satisfaction of the Feoffees, or the Milton, and its Neighbourhood, for whose Benefit the major Part of them, for the Time being, and that he said Charity was chiefly, if not solely, founded, had should build thereon a suitable and convenient House been deprived thereof by Reason of not instructing for the Schoolmaster, with a School Room, and suffi* the Boys belonging to Milton, or its Neighbourhood, cient Lodging Rooms for the Scholars, with a Cellar, to read English, or write, and that his Lordship, as Brewhouse, Stable, and other necessary and convent Lord of the Manor of Milton, was entitled to be One ent Offices and Outhouses, to the same, adding thereof the Feoffees of the School, and his Lordship pray- to a sufficient Garden and Court Yard, as a Place of ed, by his Bill, that he might be admitted to be One Exercise for the Scholars, and on conveying the same of the Feoffees, and that reading English, Writing, in Fee, with a good Title, to the Feoffees, and that and Accounts, might be taught in the School; and then, and from thenceforth, the present School House that by the Chancellor s Decree in the said Cause, of and Premisses thereto belonging, should be vested in, the 9th of March 1775, it was declared that the Chil- and settled upon, his Lordship, his Heirs and As-dren of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of signs for ever; and the Petitioners also offered and Milton were the proper Objects of the Charity, but the agreed, that if any Difference or Disputes should Bill, as to his Lordship's Claim of being One of the arise between his Lordship and the Feoffees for the Feoffees as Lord of the Manor of Milton, was dismiss- Time being, concerning the Piece of Ground to be -ed; and that his Lordship not being satisfied with the purchased or allotted under the Conditions aforesaid; said Decree, on the 11th of December 1781 obtained or the Buildings to be erected and built thereon, for an Order tore-hear the Cause, and a Second Order the Purposes aforesaid, that such Difference or Dis-for re-hearing it on the 9th of March 1785, when no putes should be referred to the Arbitration of Two One appearing for his Lordship, the Rehearing indifferent Persons, One to be named by his Lord-, was dismissed, and the Decree established, the Deposit ship, and the other by the Feoffees, whose Award being adjudged to the Petitioners, and the Petitioners should be final; and that the Petitioners, after they therefore are justified in contradicting the Assertion had offered and agreed to remove the School on the contained in Lord Miltons Petition,"that he is the Terms aforesaid to any Place not distant more thaa only Person interested in the Support or Welfare of the Three Miles from the present School House, had School, which is unfounded in Fact, and calculated Reason to think his Lordship would have readily em-to mislead Parliament; and that the said School stands braced their Offer, and they are therefore much sur-in the public Street of Milton, and not in any Park prized to find that, without any Communication or or Property of the Lord of the Manor, and is, consi- Proposal made to the Petitioners, his Lordship has dering it as an ancient Building, in good Repair, brought a Bill into Parliament, which is now depend-with a good Garden and convenient Offices, and the ing before the House, for removing the said School School House and Buildings contain sufficient Room to the Town of Blandford Forum, where there is at for the Master and Scholars, and the School can be present a considerable School; and that, if the School very conveniently kept where* it now stands, without vv&s removed to another Place in Milton1, or to any the Addition of any other House, but if more Build- adjoining Parish not more than Three Miles Distance ings were necessary, there is sufficient Room to erect from the present School House, the Inhabitants of

as many more as can ever be wanted in the Garden Milton, and of the neighbouring Parishes, would

and Yford belonging to the School House, and the still, though with some Inconvenience, have the Be-

Scholars have the public Street of Milton to exercise nefit of the said School, and Boys would resort to,

and play in, without trespassing on the Lord of the and go from their Houses in the Morning to, School,

Manor of Milton, or on any other Person; and that and return at Night, agreeable to the Will and In-the Petitioners are not warranted in consenting to tention of the Founder; and that the Town of Bland-the School’s being removed out of the Parish or ford Forum is Seven Miles distant from the present Neighbourhood of Milton, as thereby they should act School House, and, if the School was to be removed counter to the Intention of the Founder of the School, thither, it would totally deprive the Inhabitants of and deprive the Inhabitants of Milton, and the neigh- Milton and its Neighbourhood from receiving the bouring Parishes, of the Right they have always en- feast Benefit therefrom, and to which the Petitioners joyed, of sending the ir* Children to be educated gratis therefore conceive themselves bound, by the Trust in the said School; and that Lord Milton thought reposed in them, and in Compliance with the Intent proper to re-build and improve his Mansion House of of the Founder, to withhold their Consent; and that Milton Abbey, without making any Requisition to the the Petitioners conceive, in Exchanges by Private Bill, Petitioners upon the Subject of the Removal of the Consent of both Parties is essential and necessary the School, but, the Petitioners were nevertheless so to the Exchange: And therefore praying, That they may far from being averse to any reasonable Compliance be heard, by their Counsel, before the House, against with his Lordship’s Wishes, that they did, by their the Bill brought in Consequence of Lord Milton's said Agent, Three or Four Years ago, declare their Rea- ^Petition*

diness to consent to the Removal of the School to . A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of Abbey MiUon any other convenient Spot within the Parish of Mil- Mitton, in the County of Dorset, and of the several Pa- School ton adapted to the Purpose, upon his erecting, instead rishes and Hamlets of Hilton, Austy, Stickland, IVhat^ House, of the present School House, another of equal Value, fombe, Whitchurch, Milbom Saint Andrew, Milborrt with suitable Conveniencies, and conveying such Stileham, Dewlish, Chesslebornrue, Melcombe Horsey, and Premisses in Fee, with an indisputable Title, to the Newton, in the said County of Dorset, near to, and Petitioners, for the Habitation and Use of the Master adjoining to, Abbey MiUon aforesaid, was also pre-and Scholars; and the Petitioners, for the Purpose sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That of still further accommodating his Lordship's Con- the Free School in Abbey Milton aforesaid was origi-venicncc, have, since their former Offer, agreed to nally founded for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of

% Abbey

35 Geo. III. 5° Mail.

939

Tobago

Trade.

Hothwell flaigh Io-closure.

Imprisonment by Courts of Conscience.

Jamaica

Trade.

Abbey Milton and its Neighbourhood, and the Inhabitants of Milton, and of the neighbouring Parishes, have a Rigjht to, and have always enjoyed the Benefit of, the said School, and to have their Children educated gi\ilis thereat; and that the Petitioners see with Concern, that an Attempt is endeavouring to remove the School to Blandford Forum, or near thereto, and a Bill is brought into Parliament for that End, which, if passed into a Law, will totally deprive the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of Milton and the neighbouring Parishes, of the Benefit of educating their Children at the said School, and the School will be out of Reach to send their Children thereto, and the Petitioners will be thereby deprived of the Right they and their Predecessors have been entitled to ever since the School was first founded: And therefore

praying, That their Rights may be taken into Consideration, and that no Act be passed to remove the said School out of the Reach of the Petitioners, or further from its present Situation than to One of the adjoining Parishes.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Cottage or Tenement, used as and for a School House, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in Lieu of, or in Compensation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, situate and being in the Town of Blandford Forum, of greater Value, be read a Second Time; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Young took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, or Parcel of Uninclosed Ground, called or known by the Name of Rothwell Haigh, within the Parish of Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers or others, on Account of such Imprisonment: And that Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, the Lord Beauchamp, and Sir Joseph Mawbey, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read;

Vo l, 40.

Setting form, That the Petitioner has been commanded, by the Assembly of Jamaica, to represent to the House the Grievances which that Island labours under:- — 1st, By a Deprivation of that Intercourse with the Continent of North America which used to furnish the said Island with Supplies of such Species as are absolutely necessary for the Sustenance of the Inhabitants, the Existence and Support of their Settlements, and the Cultivation and Package of their various Products, an Intercourse which afforded a Certainty of those Supplies in a regular unfailing Succession, answerable to their wants, and which, at the same Time that it assisted the Staple Products of the Island with Materials essential to their Progress, Mahufac- ture, and Export, added the farther Encouragement of receiving Payment chiefly in Rum, of which important Article little more than One-Fifth, of the An-. nual Crop can be reasonable expected to find a Vent and Consumption in this Kingdom: — 2dlv, By the heavy Duty oti Sugar (amounting in some Cases to nearly Three-fourths of the original Value) aggra- vated, and rendered more burthensome to the Planter, by the Mode of Collecting: — And 3dly, By the Duties on Rum, in respect to which, although they have been indulged with some Alleviation, yet those Duties still remain so high as to preclude it from an extensive Consumption: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them a limited Intercourse with the Continent of America, in American Vessels of a limited Size, and navigated by a limited Number of Hands; and that the House wilL grant such Relief as to them shall seem^ meet in regard to the Duties on Sugar and Rum, and the Mode of Collection; and that he may be heard by his Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. j

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Jamaica Copies of the Naval Officers Quarterly Accounts of Trade. British and Foreign Vessels entered and cleared out in the Island of Jamaica, from the 29th of September 1783 to the 29th of September 1784.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer* M*an8, red to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty additional Duties on " Linens, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great ts Britain, and for granting certain Duties on Cotton " Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain, and on u Licences for bleaching or dying the same, and upon u the Importation of Stuffs made of, or mixed with,

" Cotton not painted, printed, stained, or dyed in " Foreign Parts," on all Linens, Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu thereof, an additional Duty of Two Pence per Square Yard, over and above tiite Duties now payable thereon, be laid upon all Linen and Stuffs, and upon all Stuffs wholly made of Cotton manufactured in Great Britain, to be printed painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and except such whereof the greatest Part so Value shall be Woollen) of the Value of more than Sixteen

Pence

£;ist India j\rfairs.

940

Mail.

.1785.

Pence per Yard, iand under Two Shillings and Six Pence per Yard, according to the Value of the same in London, or the nearest Market Town, by the Running Yard, and at the Time the same shall be first presented to the Excise Officer to be measured and taken Account of.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu thereof, an additional Duty of Four Pence per Square Yard, over and above the Duties now payable thereon, be laid upon all Linen and Stuffs, and upon all Stuffs wholly made of Cotton, manufactured in Great Britain, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and except such whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen), of the Value of Two Shillings and Six Pence pet' Yard, and upwards, according to the Value of the same in London, or the nearest Market Town, by the Running Yard, and at the Time the same shall be first presented to the Excise Officer to be measured and taken Account of.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu thereof, an additional Duty of Eight Pence per Square Yard, over and above the Duties now payable thereon, be laid upon all Foreign Callicoes, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said additional Duties shall also be subject and liable to the additional Duties of Five Pounds per Centum, Five Pounds per Centum, and of Five Pounds pei' Centum, laid by Three Acts, of the Nineteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for granting additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain.

Thd said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act of Che last Session of Parliament, intituled iC An Act for granting to " His Majesty additional Duties on Linens, printed, " painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and for " granting certain Duties on Cotton Stuffs bleached " or dyed in Great Britain, and on Licences for " bleaching or dying the same, and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of or mixed with Cotton, not " painted, printed, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts," and to repeal so much thereof as imposes Duties on Cotton Stuffs, made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, not being printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying. That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the several Lists and Statements of the* Expence of the East India Company’s Establishments in India, which have been laid before this House in the Course of the present Year 1785, by the Court of Directors of the said Company; and also, the Estimate of the probable Receipts and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, for the Year ending the 1st of May 1785, which has since been received and laid before this House; and to compare the said several Papers with each other, and also with the Estimates And Statements laid before this House by the said Court of Directors in the Course of the last Year, 17841 and to report to this House the Result of such Comparisons, with their Observations there-uppn;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers fer tile Yeas,{£

Telfers for the Noes,{ So it passed in the Negative.

45-\ 161.

J

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Seven hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ope Penny Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Battalions of Foot for different Periods in the Year 1784.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-seven thousand Seven hundred and Three Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year *7*5-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Thirty-five Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1785.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-seven thousand and Eight hundred Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Commissioned Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1785.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency on the Sum granted upon Account of the Commissioned Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year *783.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three hundred and Eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good a Deficiency on the Sum granted upon Account of the Commissioned Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1784.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Five hundred and Thirty-five Pounds and Six Pence, he granted to His Majesty, upon Account of several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1785.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Remains in Exchequer.

25 Geo. III. 6° Mail.

5>4i

Veneris, 6° die Muii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIItH Regis, 1785;

Pray Elis.

THE House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he

was called in; and* at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer* subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read;

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights* Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer; subject to the Disposition

of Parliament;

Duty on Gum Senega, A* 1765

- - Sugars, before 29th September 1764 -

- Ditto, since Ditto -

- - Melasses, &c. since 1st November 1766 - -

- Apples imported ——

- - Coffee, 1784 ----- *

- Verdigrease, since 24th June 1781 -

- - Paper, Glass, &c. since 20th November 1767 -

- - Cambrics and Sugars, A° 1766 -

- Lottery Licences, A0 1784 -

Subsidy on Rice exported, which was imported Duty-free - -

Money paid by Lord Mountstuart, late Envoy Extraordinary at Turin* on Account of the Sale of Two Ships, The Minorca and* Sl George - -

D° - - by George Cherry, Agent for the Sale of Military Provisions sent from The

West Indies ——

D° - - by John Mcnamara Hayes, Surgeon to His Majesty’s Hospitals in America -

D° - - by Robei't Mackenzie, late Agent and Paymaster for the Army in America -

D° - - by John GoldJ'rapy late Secretary to Major General Grant, Governor in the

West Indies -....

D° - - by Thomas Harley, Esquire, being Money remaining in his Hands for supplying the Garrison of Minorca with Provisions - -

D° - - by Sir George Cornwall, Executor of John Amyandy Esquire -

D® - - by Major General Meadows -

D® - - by Lady Greenzvichy Executrix of the late Right honourable Charles Tmnshendy

Paymaster of the Forces ——

D° - - by Thomas Rumsey, Esquire, Executor of John Richardson, late Agent for the

Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital - -

D° - - by William Mollesony Esquire -

D# - - by Richard Rigby, Esquire, late Paymaster of the Forces -

D® - - by Martin Pien%eponty late Agent to the Inspector General of the Regimental

Infirmaries in The West Indies -

D° - - by Colonel Henry Foxy Administrator of Lord Hollandy late Paymaster of the

Forces -----.....-

D° - - by Francis Baring, Esquire, being Money arisen from the Sale of Military

Provisions - -

D° - - by Major General Samuel Tawnshend - -

L

119 13 10 154 14 — 1,087 6 1 780 16 10 — 10 232 2 6 28 83 6 16 6 1,349 >7 9

IjOOOO — —

37 19 — 81 11 9

9>

176 14 — *

853 18 1

15)97° 10 *"

940----

2,262 16 2

2,000----

3,200 -

5.000 — —

1.000 -

44! 17 6

59,205 9 8

85 16 if

40.000 -

50.000 — —

900-----

i95)91^ *8 1

Exchequer, the 6th Day of May 1785.

John Hughson.

Vo l. 40v

11 G

Ordered,

94^ 6° Math A. 1785.

Ordered, That the said Afccount do lie upon the Joseph Rose being examined, said, That the Inlm*

Table, to be perused by the Members of die House. bitants of the said Parish, and Parts adjacent, are in

great Want of Water for their Domestic Uses, and are Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Winning ton have Leave to go into liable to sustain heavy Losses ki case of Accidents by

Absence. the Country for a Week, on his private Affairs. Fire — Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Brooke

Simpson. And,

Bishop’s An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Mr, Benjamin Kennett being examined, said, That Castle, &c. tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in certain Persons have agreed to raise a Fund for the Jtoadi. the year of His present Majesty, for amend- Establishment of an Engine, and other necessary

ing and widening several Roads leading from the Works, for supplying the Inhabitants of the said/Parish,

Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the and Parts adjacent, with Water.

Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brocton to the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, with Water: widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads And that Sir Joseph Mawbey and Mr. Norton do prepare, leading from the Turnpike Road nedir the Foul Lain and bring in, the same.

End Turnpike at Bishop's Castle, to Nor bury, and from the said Foul Lane End Turnpike to the Turnpike An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Osgathorpe Road leading from Bishop's Castle to Ludlow, and closing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common Incltturc-from Clun to Newton Green, and from the Red House, or Waste Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of in the Parish of Lydbury North, to the Turnpike Road Osgathorpe, in the County of Leicester, was read the leading from Clun to Newton Green, and from Clun- Third Time.

gunford to Lingen Bridge, and from Montgomery to Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Kerry, and from Montgomery to Brynyderwen, and from be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the the Blue Bell, in the Parish of Churchstoke, to the Farm Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waste in thte Parish of Kerry, in the Counties of Salop and Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgathorpe, Montgomeryf was re*d the Third Time. in the County of Leicester.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering Lords, and desire their Concurrence, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the

Eighth Year of His present Majesty-, for amending An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing wimbon* and widening several Roads leading from the Town the Open and Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Minster of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the Turn- Common Meadows, and for draining and improving pike Road at Westbury, and from Brocton to the certain Common Moors, within the Parish of JFim-Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties borne Minster, in the County of Dorset, was read of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending the Third Time.

widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads in Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Counties of Salop and Montgomery. be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

Ordered, That Mr. Clive do carry the Bill to the Open and Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Lords, and desire their Concurrence. - Common Meadows, and for draining and improving

certain Common Moors* within the Parish of Wimborne Yarmouth An ingrossed Bill for building a new Bridge over Minster, in the County of Dorset.

Bridge, &c. the Haven of Great Yarmouth, and for enlarging the Ordered, That Mr. Barthes do carry the Bill to the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act of Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for clearing,

depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Arundel Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening* Reading of the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and PaviD§' and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within themselves into the said Haven* and for preserving Ships the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and wintering therein from Accidents by Fire, was read the for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstruc-Third Time. tions, and Annoyances therein;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title And the House being informed that no Counsel be, An Act for building a new Bridge over the Haven of attended, but that the several Persons who petitioned Great Yarmouth, and for enlarging the Term, and this House upon the 29th Day of April last, praying altering some of the Powers* of an Act of the Twelfth to be heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill,

Yfear of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, desired Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening, and making to be heard by their Counsel, when the Report is more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill shall into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering be committed;

therein from Accidents by Fire. The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Ordered, That ftlr. Beaufoy do carry the Bill to the Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Medley, Lords, and diesire their Concurrence. the Earl uf Surrey, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Lambeth Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to

Waterworks, whom the Petition of the several Persons w'hose Names have Voices.

are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves Ordei'ed, That the Petition of the several Persons and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, in whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors,

the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Com- Owners, or Occupiers of Messuages or Lands, within

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex,

and had directed him to report the same, as it which was presented to the House upon the 29th

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Day of April last, do lie upon the Table, until the

Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at Report be received from the Committee, to whom the

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then

is as followeth; viz. heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr., their Petition, if they think fjt.

9 Ordered,

45 Geo. III. Mail.

943

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

jorae A Petition of Hugo Meynell, Esquire, was presented

3. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of a Water Corn Mill, in the Parish of Ashborne, called Sturston Mill', situate near the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of Derby, towards the Road leading from Sheffield to Derby, which Mill is let upon Lease for a Term of Years; And that, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act w^s made for repairing the Road from Ashborne aforesaid to join the said Road from Sheffield to Derby, and a certain other Road therein mentioned, and that a Rill is depending in the House, for enlarging the Term, and continuing the Powers, of the said Act; and that, soon after the passing of the said Act, the Trustees for the Care of the said Road caused a Turnpike to be erected within the Distance of Twenty-eight Yards from a Road leading out of the said Turnpike Road to the said Mill, through which Turnpike all Persons Travelling between the said Mill and the Town of Ashborne, with Horses and Carriages, are obliged to pass, but, soon after the said Gate was erected, the said Trustees agreed to compound with the Occupier of the said Mill for the Sum of Five Shillings pel' Annum in lieu of all Tolls payable for, or in respect of, his Horses and Carriages passing and re-passing through the said Turnpike, which Composition was continued, from Year to Year, so long as the Trustees continued to receive the Tolls; and that, for several Years past, the said Tolls have been let upon Lease, since which Time the Composition has been very considerably increased, and the present Lessee now refuses to make any Composition with the Occupier of the said Mill, and insists upon receiving the full Tolls dt the said Turnpike, which will be a very great Hardship upon the Occupier of the said Mill, and, at the Expiration of the Term of his Lease, will very materially affect the Petitioner’s Estate: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill for fixing a reasonable Composition in lieu of Tolls for all Horses and Carriages passing and re-passing to and from the said Mill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, °An Act for widening and repairing tx the Road leading from Ashborne, in the County of

Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike

Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or w near a Place called Openwood Gate, and from Bel-

par Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby," is committed.

Ordered, That all who c6tne to the said Committee have Voices.

shury A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

1; passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thatne arid Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Skilling ford, in the County of Oxford; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Post comb and Tets-xvorth, in the said County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charter Spencer, the Lord IVenman, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vo l. 40.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Coxes Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estlltc* Estates of Henry Hippisley Coxe, Esquire, in Somersetshire, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant as well Leases of the Coal Mines as other Leases, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shafioe’s for better regulating the 'Charity of John Shaftoe, of Chanty* Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland,

Clerk, deceased, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord,

Mr. Grant, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Barrington reported from the Committee, to Winchester whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Collie Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement Lstate* between the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester', near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, and their Lessee, and Robert Pope Bladford, Esquire, for Exchange of Certain Grounds in the Parish of Whippingham, in the Isle of Wight, and County of Southampton aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was Canal, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That by Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Bersons were incorporated by the Name and StHe of " The Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire <c and Worcestershire Canal Navigation," and were authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Cana! from the River Severn, between Bewdly and Tilton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to cross the Rivet Trent, at or near Haywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, and to communicate with a Canal then intended to be made between the Said River Trent and the River Mersey, and to raise and contribute amongst themselves the Sum of £. no,(too, for the Purpose of carrying the sard Acts into Execution; and that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and As Signs, in pursuance of the said Acts, have made and completed the said Navigation, in doing which, and in making necessary Alterations and Improvements therein, to accommodate public Business, the said Company have expended the Money allowed to be raised under their Acts of Parliament, together with a Considerable Part of the Income of the said Navigation, amounting together to a very large Sum of Money, and the Navigation, with its Works and Appendages, isr now complete, and of the greatest public Utility, and is become interesting to the said Company; ancf (hat, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, atl Act Was obtained to enable certain Per- -Sons thereby incorporated, by the Name of f‘Th4 u Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal

" Navigation,’*

944 6° Mali. ^.1785*

" Navigation," to make and complete a collateral Branch of Navigation from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through many large Collieries, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, to join and communicate with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, at Autherky, in the County of Stafford\ in order to bring Coal from those Mines upon the said General Canal Navigation, as well as Merchandize, from and towards the Town of Binning-liam; and that, by another Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Persons were incorporated by the Name of " The " Company of Proprietors of she Stourbridge Navigation," and were thereby impowered to make and complete another collateral Branch of Navigation from and out of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at a Place called Stewponey, to the Town of Stourbridge, and some Coal Mines in the County of Worcester; and, in the same Sessions, another Act was obtained to extend the said last mentioned Canal to some Coal Mines upon the Estates of the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and others, lying in the County of Worcester, which lust-mentioned Canal is called u The Dudley Canal Navigation;" and, in both the said last mentioned Acts, there is a Clause to prohibit each of the said Companies of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, or the said Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, his Heirs and Assigns, or any other Person or Persons, to extend either of the said last mentioned Navigations, or any collateral Branch thereto belonging, to any Place or Places whatsoever, lying or being within the Distance of One Mile and an Half of the Birmingham Canal Navigation, or the collateral Cuts thereto belonging, or within the Distance of One Mile and an Half of any Part of them, or either of them, either by a Canal, Cut, Sluice, Tunnell, or otherwise howsoever, and also, from making or extending, at any Time, any Cut, Sluice, Trench, or Tunnell, from the said Birmingham Canal, or collateral Cuts, to either of the said Canals and Cuts, or to any Part of them, or either of them, or within the Distance of One Mile and an Half of either of the said Canals and Cuts, or any Part of them, without the Consent of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal, or their Successors or Assigns, under their Common Seal for that Purpose first had and obtained; and, in the Stourbridge Canal Act, there is also a Clause, founded upon an Agreement between the said Company and the Petitioners, for protecting the Interest of the Mine Owners upon the Line of the Birmingham Canal, as well as the Interest of the Petitioners, in the Admission of the Stourbridge Canal into the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill hath been presented, by the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, for Power to extend their Canal, so as to make a Communication by a Canal Navigation between the Birmingham and Dudley Canals, and to make Reservoirs of Water to supply the same.; and that the Petitioners apprehend that the Consent of the Birmingham Canal Company, under their Common Seal, for making such proposed Extension and Communication, hath not been obtained, which Consent, the Petitioners conceive to be absolutely necessary, before any Act or Powers can be granted to carry the Design into Execution; and that if such a Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners conceive it will be injurious to a great Part of the Iron Manufactory, be a Means to form a Monopoly of the Coal Trade, and be very injurious many Coal Mines, upon the Birmingham Canal, as well as to the Interest of the Petitioners generally, as such Extension is formed to operate against the Petitioners original Navigation for Twelve Miles and an Haiti if not for the full Distance from Authcrley to Stour-

port, whereby the Petitioners Interest will be greatly intruded upon, and materially injured, and the Public will receive no further Benefit than by the present Line of Navigation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and that they may be heard, by themselves*or Counsel, against the Whole of the said Bill, or against any Part thereof, and that their Interest in the Staffordshire and Worcester shire Canal Navigation may be secured to them, or the said Bill not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazcley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Treasurwof House to resolve itself into a Committee of the the Navy, whole House, upon the Bill for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Robinson took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Robinson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Young, according to Order, reported from the Tobago Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Trade, allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report torthe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon staffed Monday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Tuesday next, the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors oflion* the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Fortnight, the 24th Day of this Instant May.

Sir Joseph Maxvbey reported from the Committee, Lord to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate. An Act for vesting in Trust, for Peter Lord King, and

his

aS Geo. III.

6° 'Ma

945

his Heirs, the Inheritance, in free Simple, of a Messuage, or Dwelling House, in Dover Street, in the County of Middlesex, devised and limited by the Will of Thomas Lord King, deceased, and for settling a Farm, iands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the said Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed hiiS to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Gibraltar The Order of the Day being read, for the Hous6

Prize Money, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for authorizing the Pme Agents, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing the said Garrison all such Sums as shall remain or come to their Hands of the Bounfy allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War;

1 Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself' into the said Committee.

Wooi-comb- Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for mora effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln) and the Isle of Ely% was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of’ the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone-through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntor which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, id at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

blishoiqits.

Mr. Rose presented to the House* by His Majesty’s Colonial Command, Clvil Esta"

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in Ames'ica, from the 1st of January 1785 to the 1st of January 17^6: Ahd also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, vin America, from the 1st of January 1785 to the 1st of January 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of East Florida, from the 24th of June 1784 to the 24th of June 1785: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to Support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid* to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1785 to the 1st of January 1786: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, from the 24th of June 1785 to the 24th of June 1786: And also,

An Account of Monies, issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Civil Government: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Services therein mentioned.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Accounts were read.

The said Estimates arid Accounts are as followeth; viz. m

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st January 1785 to the 1st January 1786.

The Salary of the Governor -

LieUt Governor ’ »- - **---

Chief Justice - - - . -

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer - _ - . - . - - _ -

Surveyor General of Lands - - - . - -

Treasurer ——

Agent - r -

Stipends and Allowances to Ministers - - . - .

Mrs. How's Annuity - -

Allowance to Mr. Binney at Canso - - _ - .

D* on Account for Fees on the Receipts and Audits -

Allowance to the Reverend Mr. Bennett),whose Services, as Missionary to the Indians, have been very meritorious, and who, by a Paralytic Stroke, is rendered incapable of performing - his Duty; his Living having been given by the Society to another Missionary, he is now

reduced to the utmost Poverty and Distress....

Allowance to the late Register, whose Office is united with that of Secretary, till otherwise provided for- - -

£ s. d.

1,000 -

500-----

500-----

150-----

250-----

100-----

150----

50-----

200-----

440 -

100-----

100-----

200 -

100-----

136 17 6

Vol. 40,

11 H

3,97617 6

estimate

945

60 Mail.

A. 1785*

Colonial Civil Establishments.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint lohn, in America, from the 1st January 1785 to the 1st January 1786.

The Salary of the Lieut Governor A - - 4 -

Chief Justice.....----

Attorney General - . - ....

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer Provost Marshal -

Minister

Surveyor General -

Agent

To an Allowance for Contingencies *----

To D#, on Account for Fees on the Receipt, and auditing -

To an Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown, and Coroner, until otherwise provided for -

To D° to the late Clerk of the Council, D# -

L

£ 500----

300-----

100----

150-----

loo — — loo----

70----

100 -

100----

130 — 100 — —

t

90-----.

60----

1,900-----

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of East Florida, from the 24th June *784 to the 24th June 1785*

The Salary of the Governor

Chief Justice *

Attorney General Secretary -Provost Marshal Surveyor General Assistant to D-Register -

Minister of St. Augustine D# of St. Mark’s Receiver of Qnit Rents Schoolmaster -Pilot *

Agent -

£ 1,200

500

150

150

100

120

30

too

100

100

100

50

50

200

2,950 -

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st January 1785 to the 1st January 1786.

Additional Salary to the Governor

Chief Justice -

Salary to the Two Assistant Judges, £. 200 per Annum each Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Provost Marshal Attorney General Minister -Salary to the Surveyor General of Lands Agent -

Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies

£ 200

500

- 400

150

- 150

- 150

- 70

- 150

- 100

- 500

£ 2,3"o

ESTIMATE

2-5 Geo. III. 6° Matt.

lt8ttM'AT£ of the Charge of defying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Chpe, BfeJofi, iff\

America, from the 24th June 178$ to 24th June-1-7.86. *-.

The Salary of the Ideub (Jotsernoc *. ». <* - *

Chief Justice . * -. . - *

Attorney General *.

Secretary, Register, and Ctenk of the Council, - >1

Naval Officer '.*«' - >

Provost. Marshal -

Minister - *> - -1, - - 7

To an Allowance for building-a Church and Parsonage House -

Surveyor General -

Agent - -.

Allowance upon Account for unforeseen Contingencies: -.

& S' ®‘

- :r-W 300

- 100

15°

- 100

- 100

100

- 500

100

r- Wc~ ~

- 560

1 £ 2,550

An ACCOtlNT of Monies issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to is Majesty’s Civil Government

1 £ *. d. - Jk;k

26th November 1784, To John Martin Le4kel Esquire - -For Fees, attending the Receipt - 1 5.9P° 2,64 12 — 5,264 12 — 15.777 13 6 15.777 13 6

13th January 1785. ToD" - - . 7 - - -For Fees attending the Receipt - - 15,000 777 13 6

7th April 1785. To D* - For Fees attending the Eectfpt - 15,000 '777 13 6

£ 36,819 19 —

Vo If 40>

An

Colonial

Civi|J5&a-

948 6° Mail. A. 178'$

Colonial Cjhil Eita-

KUahments. \

Att ACCOUNT 6f Money issued to Thomas Cotton* Esquir#, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the following Services.

1784.

27th August

To reimburse him sundry Sums paid to divers Persons, for One Moiety of the Value of Cattle purchased, slaughtered, and buried, in order to prevent and stop the contagious Distemper which raged amongst the Horned Cattle, in the several Parishes of Chadwell, Orsett, and Little Thurrock, in the County of Essert, which they were entitled to receive by His Majesty’s Order in Council of the 30 April 1784 - - £..li2 16 6

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 14 56

5th November. To enable him to discharge a Bill drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury 'by. John Parr, Governor of Nova Scotia, for the Payment of extraordinary Expences in surveying and laying out Lands for His Majesty’s Loyal Subjects who have taken refuge there - - - £.2*626 9 3

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 143 12 —

ipth December. To enable him to discharge a Bill, drawn bn the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nbva Scotia, for the Purchase of Lumber, and other contingent Expences, on Account of the Loyalists lately arrived

in Nova Scotia To enable him to discharge Two Bills for surveying Instruments, purchased by Evan Nepean, Esquire, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Use of the Loyalists in New Brunswick -

4 9

100----

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

810

49

4

12

d.

9

1785-

4th February.

To enable him to discharge Two Bills, drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, for Expences of Surveying and laying out Lands, and for sundry Demands for Lumber, purchased to distribute amongst the Loyalists in that

Province - - -.....£-3>582 1 5

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 192 10 —

4th March* To satisfy Two Bills drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury, by TVn Cawdry, Overseer of the Convicts on Board I^is Majesty’s Ship The Dunkirk, at Plymouth, for Cloathing, and other Expences - - - - £. 145 10 —

To satisfy a Bill paid to Ebenezer Nicholson,

Surgeon, for Medicines, and Necessaries,

— supplied to the Sick Passengers on Board the Sally Transport, which was taken up to carry over to Nova Scotia a Number of Loyalists, and Negroes -

Towards satisfying the Expence of Cloathing the Convicts on Board His Majesty’s Ship The Dunkirk, at Plymouth, and other Services, between the 1st October 1784 and 31 December following -

75-----

100----

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

c

320

24

s. d. 10 — 18 —

26th March.

To enable him to discharge sundry Certificates transmitted to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, for Fees due to him, and other Officers in that Province, on granting Lands to Refugees, and Reduced Officers and Soldiers, who have settled there ----- £. 485 4 6

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 33 7 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 6th Day of May 1785.

& si

iVj 2

2,769 12 3

859 *6

545

8 -

518 12 -

aj Geo. lit.

'6° Ma

949

Scotland — Judges of Courts of Session.

Seized

Spirits.

Scotch

Distillery.

Penryn

Hoads.

Kinnerly,&c.

Inclosure.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion being made, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper Aug- mentation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session arid Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the House the Consideration of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, apd also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Foreign and Home-made Spirits seized by the Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue since the 1st Day of October last, together with an Account of the Quantities of each staved and destroyed in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the " Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home " Consumption, and for granting and securing the u due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and " for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as " for Exportation; and for destroying all Home-made lt and Foreign Spirits after the Chndemnation thereof; " and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise u within the Lands of Ferentosh; in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, " certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits " imported from the West Indies

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ptpys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills, in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences to Persons, living in the said Counties or Districts, to distill Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords. have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Kinnerley and Melverley, in the County of Salop) without any Amendment: And also,

Vo i, 40,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Townships of Pickering and Newton, in the North Riding of the County of York; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Ati Act td effectuate a Partition of the Estates of Job Hanmer, Esquire, the Reverend Erasmus Wanen, Clerk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex; to which the Lords deSirfe the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, td whom the Petition of George Ross, of Cromarty, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; Alexander Gray, Esquire, being (examined, informed your Committee, That Cromarty Bay has at all Times been a most safe Road-stead to Ships of all Nations, overtaken with Storms, in any Part of the German Ocean, and the Erection of a Pier and Harbour has been judged beneficial to Navigation in general, and to the Commerce of Scotland in particular.

And it appeared by certain Documents adduced to your Committee, and by the Testimony of the above Witness, that the Petitioner, George Ross, Esquire, is Proprietor of the Barony of Cromarty, arid of the Port and Harbour; and that hehas given up to the Public the Ground and Coast necessary to be occupied by the said Harbour and Pier.

It also appeared, that the Sum of £.5,000 has been granted by His Majesty, out of the Produce of the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards erecting the said Harbour and Pier.

Then a Member present informed your Committee, That the Main Pier is erected, and Two other Piers or Jetties are begun to be erected, in order to complete the said Harbour.

And Mr. Gray further informed your Committee; That he has examined the Accounts, and it appears that upwards of £.5,000 has already been expended, arid has not proved sufficient for erecting and completing the said Piets and Harbour. — And the Witness added, That it will require £. Soo more than what has been already expended, to complete the Work, whifch the Petitioner, has undertaken to advance; but the said Hdrbour and Piers cannot be maintained and preserved without such Tolls are levied as may be adequate to that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preserving and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Cromarty, in North Britain: And that Mr. Dempster and the Lord Advocate of Scotland d4 prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

The House was moved, That the Order, thade upon the 21st Day of April last, u That Leave be " given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an €C Att of the last Session of Parliament; intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed, " in Great Britain, and for granting certain Duties on " Cotton Stuffs bleached or dyed in Great Britain, ill " and

Pickering

Inclosure.

Hanmer’s, &c. Estate.

Cromarty Harbour, &c;

Adjourn-

ment.

Duties on Cotton Stuffs, &c.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Dudley

Canal.

York Buildings Company sEstate,

950

6° Mail.

A. 17 & 5.

4t and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, " and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or u mixed with, Cotton not painted, printed, stained, " or dyed in Foreign Parts," and to repeal so much thereof as imposes Duties on Cotton Stuffs, made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, not being printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Instruction which was Yesterday given to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare and bring in the said Bill, to make Provision therein pursuant to the Resolutions that Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do prepare, and bring in, One or more Bill, or Bills, for the said Purposes.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Honourable General James Murray, late Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Minorca, and Vice Admiral of the same, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways , and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-iag next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 18th Day of this Instant May.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in 7

York Buildings, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for altering and' amending an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for expediting the Sale of the Estates in Scotland belonging to the York Buildings Company, for c< the Relief of their Creditors," in order to have the unsatisfied Purchase Money of the said Estates paid into the Bank of England, to be distributed1 among the several Creditors, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and the Surplus to remain for the Benefit of the Stockholders; And setting* forth, That, the said Governor and Company having become Insolvent, the Petitioners were under the Necessity of taking the proper and legal Steps,* according to the Forms of the Law of Scotland, for establishing their respective Debts, which are now* become chargeable on the said Company’s Estates in that Country, and, the same having been sold, the Price only remains to be divided amongst the Peti- tioners, and the other Creditors of the said Company, for which Purpose the Laws now in force are sufficient, without the further Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that, the Petitioners apprehend, the' above Bill is introduced merely for the Purpose of Delay, and to retard the Payment of their just Debts:

And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves' or Counsel, against the same being passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that: the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they7 think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Rose presented to tile House, according to Or- Duties on der, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last CottonStuft, Session of Parliament, as imposes Duties on all Stuffs &c* made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not being; printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Barbados Orders, 4i Per Cent

An Account of the Annual Charge on the Revenue Duties-Duty, or Custom, of Four and an Half per Centum, at Barbadoes and the Leeicard Islands, on the 5th of April 1785: And also,

An Account of all Sums chrargedonthe Duties of Four and an Half per Centum, which remained unsatisfied oh the 5th Day of April 1785: And also,

A State of the Gross Amount, Changes, and Nett Proceeds of the Four and an Half per Centum Duty, from the 5th of April 1775 to the 5th of April 1785; distinguishing each Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and State, were read.

The said Accounts, and State, are as followeth; viz.

An

<S° Mail

35 Geo. III.

Bartfedw» 4^per C^tl ♦Duties.

An ACCOUNT of the Annual Charge on the Revenue Duty, or Custom, of Pour and an Half per Centum, at Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, on the 5th of April 1785.

Salaries* Governor of Barbadoes - -

Governor of Grenada -

Lieut Governor of Grenada - *

Agent for D* - - - - *

Governor of the Bahamas - - - *

Governor of the Leeward Islands -Lieut. Governor of D° -

D* - - - - Nevis -

D* - - - - Tortola - -

D0 - - - - Montserrat -

D* - - - - Antigoa

D* - - - - St. Kitt's....

Governor of Bermuda

Agent for Newfoundland -

Agent for Turk’s Island -

Chief Justice of Tortola -

Governor of Saint Vincent’s -

D* - - - Dominica....

Auditor of the Plantations....

£. d.

2,000----

1,364-----

600-----

200 — — 700 -

1,200----

300-----

300-----

200-----

200 — — *

2(00----

too-----

730-----

jOO-----

too-----

too----

1.300 -

1.300 -

250-----

Pensions. Duke of Gloucester - -

Countess of Chatham....

Earl of Kinnoull - - - ~ ~ .

Henry Ellis, Esquire, late Lieut Governor Nova Scotia -Henry Strachey, Esquire -Samuel Martin, Esquire -

Charles IVoffran Cometoall> Esquire -

Sir Grey Cooper, Baronet....

IP" Eden, Esquire - - - *

g,oooo

3,000

1,000

- 300

587

- 1,200 —

500

£00

; 400

£ 28,^51 — —

Vox-40.

An

95* 6’Maii

Barbados

per Cent.

DuU*' An ACCOUNT of all Sums charged on the Duties of Four and an Half per Centum, which remained

unsatisfied on the 5th Day of April 1785.

SALARIES.

Governor of Barbadoes -

Governors of Grenada -

Lieut Governor of Grenada -

Agent for Grenada -

Governor of the Bahama Islands

Governors of the Leeward Islands -

Lieut. Governor of the Leeward Islands -

Lieut. Governor of Nevis -

Lieut Governor of Tortola -

Lieut. Governor of Montserrat

Lieut. Governors of Antigoa -

Lieut Governor of Saint Christopher's

Lieut Governor of Tobago -

Governors of Bermuda, late -

Governor of D#, present -

Agent for Newfoundland

Agent for Turk’s Island -

Chief Justice of Tortola -

Governor of Saint Vincent’s -

Governor of Dominica -

Auditor of the Plantations -

PENSIONS.

Countess of Chatham -

Earl of Kinnoull -

Henry Ellis, Esquire -.Daniel JVier, Esquire, Representatives Henry Strachey, Esquire -

Sir Fi'ancis Barnard, Baronet, Representatives -

per Ann. Arrears.

£. £ s. I

2,000 10,269 4

*>364 3,639 17 5

600 1,566 13 4

200 250

700 3,927 6 4f

1,200 5.117 13 3

300 i,35o

300 1,3*5 16 8

200 950

200 498 6 8

200 804 18 —

200 735 — 11

400 802 3 11$

590 522 2 11

750 '2,546 14 —

300 1,275

100 424 2 p{

200 420 11 1

1,300 2,719 3 4

1,300 2,719 3 4

250 1,187 10 —

3,000 9,000

1,000 500

300 i,35o

200 369 10 9

587 1,614 5 —

800 238 9 2

£ 56,113 13 6i

A STATE of the Gross Amount, Charges, and Nett Produce of the 4 f per Cent Duty, from the 5th of April 1775 to the 5th of April 1785; distinguishing each Year.

D A 1 r e s. Gross Amount. Charges. Nett Proceeds.

From To a £ s. d. £. s. £. s. d.

5th A^ril 1775 5th April 1776 31,346 4 10,560 16 11 20,785 7 1

- 1776 - - - 1777 35,363 11 1 9,542 19 ~i 25,82012

- 1777 - - - 1778 33,749 8 3 6,231 7 11 27,518 — 4

- 1778 - - 1779 34,884 4 5 9,167 17 4i 25,716 7-i

- 1779 - - - 1780 41,363 1 3 io,535 13 30,827 8 3

- . - 1780 - - - 1781 33,824 9 1 9,391 5 6 24,433 3 7

1781 - - - 1782 42,845 19 6 12,843 13 l 30,002 6 5

- 1782 - - - 1783 22,747 7 3 10,424 3 — . 12,323 4 3

- 1783 - - - 1784 6,019 9 9 2,794 19 11 3,224 9 i°

. . 1784 - - - 1785 35,939 12 1 15,320 8 2 20,619 3 11

Total - - - 318,083 6 8 96,813 3 11! 221,270 2 8!

4 I per Cent. Office, 6th May 1785.

Qrdpti,

Excise

Laws.

Address — Duty on Irish Manufactures.

Commercial Intercourse With Ireland.

Ditto.

Paisley Two

Pennies

Scots.

5 Geo. III. Mali.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and State, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lunik, 9* die Mail;

95T

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill> to explain and amend the several Laws, now in being, giving Jurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise, and the Justices of the Peace, in Matters relating to the Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties: And that Mr. Beaufoy and Mr. Dempster do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Articles of Irish Consumption, charged in Ireland with an internal Duty on the Manufacture, or a Duty on the Material, stating and distinguishing the several Duties.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Mark Ash do forthwith attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. John Boulger do forthwith attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Butler do forthwith attend the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Persons respecting the Matter referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew; for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol.40,

Anno 250 Georgii IIlta Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Forton Commons or Waste Grounds within the Ham- Inclosure. let or Township of Forton, in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Waste Grounds, and Moss, within the Hamlet or Township of Fortony in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir Hemy Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for better paving, cleansing, re* Ramsgate pairing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, PavinS* and Lanes of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Market House, and holding a Public Market in the said Vill, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Market-House, and holding a Public Market in the said Vill.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Pickering, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- &c- ^ncl°" tuled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Com- 8urc* mons and Waste Lands within the Townships of Pickering and Newton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 40. After " mentioned " insert " and " that none of the Commons " and Waste Lands, to be divided and inclosed by virtue " of this Act, shall be deemed " or considered to be Barren " Lands, within the Meaning of " an Act of Parliament of the " Second and Third Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act for Payment of Tythes."

Pr. 47. I.17/I After "Successors" insert "the & > " Dean of York, and his Les-

i?J " see for the Time being, the " Dean and Canons of Windsor, u and their Lessees for the Time " being, the Vicar of the Parish " of Pickering aforesaid, and his " Successors."

1. 32. After " Tythes" insert " Moduses, u Tythe Rents."

1. 37. After " Tythes" insert " Moduses,

" Tythe Rents."

Pr. 51. I.42. In the Ryder Clause (C) line 13,' after " York," insert " within-'

" Six Months after the Execution of the Award of the said " Special Commissioners."

J. 25. in the same Clause, leave out from " Agreement" to " shall"

95*

f Matt.

A. 17 *8 5;

Glasgow Two Pennies Scots.

Transportation of Felons.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir George Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir William Cunynghame presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an " Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reigivof His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing " the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth of u a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer " that shall be vended or sold within the City of " Glasgozv, and for extending the same over the Villages of Gqrbels and Port Glasgow, and Privileges " thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and VillagesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire what Proceedings have been had in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Transportation of " Felons and other Offenders; and to authorize the ix Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; ants for " other Purposes therein mentioned," and to report their Opinion to the House, what further Measures may be necessary to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Effect; and who were impowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matter they were appointed to enquire into; and had directed him to make a Repbrt thereof to thd House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed*; viz.

Your Committee beg to inform the House, That id the Course of thfe Enquiry which they have instituted, such important Intelligence has been laid before them, of the Consequences to be apprehended from transporting Criminals to that Part of Africa, which lies within the Tropic^, that they have thought it their Doty immediately to submit it to the Wisdom of the House.

Mr. Recorder of London being examined, informed the Committee, That as soon as the Act of last Session passed, the Judges at The Old Bailey adopted a new Form of Sentence for Transportation, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act, leaving it to the King in Council to declare the Place to which the Convicts so sentenced should be seftt; but in some few Instances they specifically sentenfced them to be sent to Africa — That Government having given Orders for the Removal Of 100 Convicts from Newgate, for the Purpose of being sent to Africa, he had prepared a List, from the best Information he could obtain, as well from the Evidence given on their respective Trials, as from their Demeanor during their Confinement in Newgate, of such Convicts as seemed most proper to be sent to that Part of the World; which List amounted to between 90 and 106, including Women — That afterwards the necessary Orders of Council and of Court were made, to authorize the Removal of these Offenders; but it being jhdged inconvehient, at that Time, to remove the Women, and One or Two of the Men having died, the Number actually removed amounted only to 78 — That at the last Old Bailey Sessions 5 Persons were sentenced to be transported to Africa, the fest of the Transports receiving the general Sentence; and that he has now a List of the remaining Prisoners lieforc him, in order to select as many as will complete

thu Number ofi 00 — That all’the Convicts so selected, especially the Women, are of the most desperate and dangerous Disposition, deserving, for the Sake of public Example, great Severity of Punishment — That he does not knows of any Persons, who, having been capitally convicted, after receiving the King’s Pardon on Condition of being transported to America* have since been ordered for Transportation to Africa'; but that many, who were originally sentenced to America, are now' destined to Africa.

Thomas Buttei'sworth Bailey, Esquire, an acting Magistrate for the County of Lancaster, being examined* acquainted the Committee, That the Magistrates at the Quartet Sessions have experienced great Difficulties in inflicting the ’Punishment of Transportation for Seven Years, the Sentence being for Transportation generally, to some Parts beyond the Seas, as the Mag-’ nitude of the Punishment is rendered very uncertain, from the Difference of the Climate and Country to which they may be sent, and from the Uncertainty of the Offenders being able to return after the Expiration of the Teriti — That under this Embarrassment they have sentenced Persons to Imprisonment in England for different Terms, whom otherwise they would have sentenced tb Transportation — That in consequence of this a very great Accumulation of Prisoners has taken place in the County Gaol, and other Prisons, where there fe not Accommodation for them. — He further said, That these Prisoners are maintained1 out of the County ifcates, at a great Expence, and that being closely ironed they cannot work — That some of them have been confined Three Years, or Three Years and a Half, since they were sentenced to Transportation — That there is no stated County Allowance — That they are maintained under discretionary Orders from the Magistrates when they visit the Prisons — And that, if the Law remains as it is, the Evil will be greatly increased. — Being asked, What Steps the Magistrates of the County of Lancaster have taken to carry the Act of last Sessions into Effect ? he informed the Committee, That they appointed Two of their own Body to contract for the Transportation of Offenders; and that he, as Chairman of the Quarter Sessions m January last, sent to His Majesty’s Secretary of State for the Home Department an Account of the Number of Prisoners under Sentence of Transportation, and requested to know His Majesty’s Pleasure concerning them, that they might be sent to the respective Places of their Destination without Delay — to which nb Answer has yet been received — That the Justices did not think themselves authorized to make any Arrangement for the temporary Confinement of these Prisoners, Without His Majesty’s Order by Sign Manual — and that they have not applied for such Order, being in constant Expectation of an Order for their Removal — That the Two Magistrates appointed under the Act to contract for the Transportation of Offenders, have not been able to execute it, from not knowing to what Place they were to be conveyed. — That the Law appears to him defective, inasmuch as it gives no Power to compel Masters of Ships to take them — and that no Captains of Vessels are willing to undertake that Service, there being no Persons in that Country, as in London, who have ever made a Trade of conveying Transports beyond Sea.

Richard Akerman, Esquire, produced to the Committee a List of the Prisoners in Newgate, another Session having taken Place since the last Return — and he acquainted the Committee, That in a few Days the Number of Prisoners in his Custody will amount to 600, owing tb the Influx from the other Gaols, for the Purpose of Trial at the ensuing Sessions — That the present Number is double of what it usually was Five* or Six Years ago — and that, from the full State of the Gaol, it has happened that Convicts under Sentence of Death could not be kept in separate Cells, as was usually the Practice — and that the same inconvenience 2 ‘ may

2$ GeO- III. Mail.

may probably happen again, as there are*only22 Cells be necessary for their tfse till they, could* raise Stock Tran$porU% for Convicts under that Description. for themselves. — He added, That these Persons were tion of *

Event Nepean, Esquire, being also examined, in- to be supplied with Framing for their Habitations, FelonSfc formed the Committee, That in consequence' of the with proper Tools to construct them, as also forcul-Representations made to Government*, of the crouded tivating the Land; with Merchandize to provide and dangerous State of the Gaols, the Censor Hulk Stock, and Grain for sowing; and likewise with a, was hiredofMt. Duncan Campbell, for the Reception Medicine Chest — And he had heard, that among the of 250 Convicts — That the Dunkirk Hulk, a Kings Convicts there were some Medical Persons — But he Ship, lying, in Ordinary at Plymouth, was appointed for added, That after the Stock had been purchased for the Reception of Prisoners from the Western Gaols; them, and they were established on the Island, the and very lately an old India Man has been hired by Settlers were to be left to themselves. — And he also *

Mr. Campbell for the temporary Accommodation: of acquainted the Committee, That a Number of Fe-250 more — That the Censor contains 250, some of male Convicts was intended to be sent to* the same whom were originally sentenced to America; that Island. — Mr. Nepean also informed the Committee, there are 100 on board the Dunkirk, of which 40 are That there was to be a Guard Ship between Lemane under their original Sentences, and the Remainder and Yannimaroo, to prevent the Escape of Convicts, are Convicts returned from Transportation, who are and to protect the Trade, but whether a King’s Ship remanded to their original Sentences, except about or a chartered Vessel, he could not positively say. — ro, who are Capital Respites — That in the Ceres there Being asked, If this Country has any Territorial Right are about 1.50, and sufficient Room to accommodate to Lemane? he answered, That we have not at present,

100 more — That these are all the Places which have but that it is probable we may have such a Right soon; been appointed for the Reception of Convicts, at least and that it belongs to some native. Chief. — Being exa-all with which the Secretaries of State have had any mined as to the Terms of the proposed Contract, he Connection. said, That Mr. Calvet't was to transport them to Yan-

Mr. Nepean being further examined, acquainted the nimaroo at so much a Head, he believes £. 10; the

Committee, That these Convicts consisted of Five other Articles to be paid for besides — That no exact different Classes; — 1st. Persons sentenced originally to Calculation had been made of the Total Expence;

America; — 2dly. Prisoners who have been capitally but from the best Information he could collect, the convicted, and respited on Condition of Transportation Expences of their Transportation and Maintenance to America; — 3dly. Persons who have been sentenced could not exceed the Cost of keeping of them in this to Places beyond the Seas generally* the Place of Trans- Country. — And being called upon for a further Exportation being left for the King to fix by a subse- planation, he said, That they would not cost Govern-quest Order of Council; — that the 4th Class consists ment more in the First Year than they did on board of those who have been sentenced specially to Africa;^ the Hulks at Home; and that the Second and Third,

— and the 5th, of Persons capitally convicted, and Years the Expence would, be much reduced, even

who have accepted of Pardon, on the Condition of though all the Settlers should live, and that he in-

Transportation to Africa.--- Mr. Nepean further ac- eluded the Expence of the Guard Ship in his Calcu-

quainted the Committee, That a Plan has been sug- lation. — Being asked, Whether he considered this as gested, for the Transportation of Convicts to the the only Embarkation of Convicts for Africa, or that Island of Lemane, about 400 Miles up the River Gam- Lemane was to be a Place for Annual Transportations ? bia — That many other Places have been submitted to he answered, It was intended for Annual Transporta-the Secretary of State, but in his Opinion this is the tions; and that they were to be visited, from Time Plan which Government will prefer, the African Com* to Time, by the Captain of the Guard Ship, who pany having refused to take any more into their Forts would represent their Wants as the Occasion might and Settlements; and that he knows of no other re- require — That in regard to their being supplied with gular Plan offered, with regard to Africa — That the Fire Arms, he could not positively say what might Convicts on board the Ceres are intended for that Des- be in Contemplation, but that he thought only a tination; and that they consist — 1st, of Capital Con- small Number would be furnished to them, as it was victs who have been pardoned on Condition of not supposed they would be interrupted in their Set-Transportation to America — 2dly, of Convicts sen* tlement by the neighbouring Natives, with whom fenced specially to Africa by the Courts by which they we have consWnt Intercourse — That they are repre-were tried — and, 3dly, of Capital Convicts who have sented as very inoffensive, and $re to receive an An-accepted the King’s Pardon on Condition of Trans* nual Tribute for the Possession of the Island; but

portation to Africa----- Mr. Nepean further added, whether the same King possesses the Territory on each

That the Reason why the Persons first named are to be Side of the River he cannot tell, though he inclines sent to Africa, is, that they are notorious Felons, who to think it is so — He also informed the Committee are every Day expected tobreak Prison, some of them (when asked who was to distribute them their Prohaving already made Attempts to do so, and are a visions and Stores when they arrived on the Island)

Class of People too dangerous to remain in this Coun- That a Person or Persons were to be appointed by

try; and it is thought there is no proper Place in themselves, out of their own Body, for that Purpose.

America to transport them tb, at least within the — And being further examined, Whether it was known King’s Dominions. — Being further examined, Whe- what Portion of the Island remains sufficiently open tlier the Plan respecting the Island of Lemane is finally for these new Settlers, without intruding or disposses-determined on, Mr. Nepean acquainted the Commit- sing the native Proprietors ? he said, He did not tee, That it is under the Contemplation of Govern- know exactly w hat Proportion, of the Island the Natives ment, and preferred to every other Plan, though not already have. — He further added, The Guard Ship was finally resolved on. — And he further added, That if to be stationed about Yannimaroo; and that there w;ere the Season was not so far advanced, the Plan would no Means devised, if the Convicts were disposed to go have been determined on, and carried into Execu- from Lemane to the Shore, on either Side, or above, to tion. — Being further examined, as to Particulars, he prevent them. *

said, That 200 were to be sent to Lemane, not in a The Committee then proceeded to examine Mr.

King’s Vessel, but In a Transport or Two, chartered Nepean, as to what he knows of the actual State of for that Purpose, under the Direction of Mr Calvert the Prisons; and he said, That there were several*

— That the Transports could go up the Gambia, Persons rio\v confined on Shore, who were to be sent within 60 Miles of the Island, where they wfere to be on board the Hulks upon the same Destination. — Be-Jest, with such a Proportion of Provisions as might ing further asked, 'What Steps* have been taken for Voj.. 40. . the

Transpor-

tation of

Felon*.

g$6> q Maii. A. 1785*

the Transportation of Convicts to any Part of America ? he informed the Committee, That Mr. Moore, a Merchant in London, took on board 150, whose original Sentence had been America at large, a Part of whom made their Escape, and the Remainder were admitted into the American States — That the same Experiment was tried a Second Time, but that it did not succeed, Captain Moore s Vessel being refused Admittance into their Ports; upon which they were carried down to Honduras, where they got into Quarrels with the Log Wood Cutters — And the Witness added, That this Measure was not authorized by Government. Mr. Nepean being asked, Whether there is any Plan for sending Convicts to Cape Breton, or any of the British Settlements in America ? he said, That there have been strong Representations made against it from Nova Scotia — That he believes there are very few Settlers in Cape Bretony and that he has heard of no Plan for sending them to Canada.

Mr. John Barnes acquainted the Committee, That he is an African Merchant — That he originally proposed the Idea of sending Convicts to Lemane, in the River Gambia, and that in different Conversations with Lord Sydney the Plan has been formed — That when he first thought of the Measure, the African Committee was much pressed to receive a Number of Convicts, which they refused, as highly dangerous, and in that Refusal Mr. Barnes concurred — lie further said, That he has been Twice on the Gambia, the last Time in 1757, when he returned from being a Prisoner at Goree — That in the Year 1753 he w'ent very high up the River, within Seven Leagues of Cuttejar — That he has Twice passed the Island of Lemane, but never landed on it — That it appeared to him a very fine Island, 10 or 12 Miles in Length — That the Land is high, and, as he understands, never flooded — That Part of it is clear and cultivated — That there are Rice Grounds and Guinea Corn — He passed on the North Side — the Channel there is about One Mile and a Half over — South Side much narrower, and shallower Water, but not fordable — He understands it belongs in Part to the King of Lemane on the North Shore of the River, and Part to a King on the South Side of the River — That the Natives are the best-disposed People in the World, strict and fair in their Dealings — That they have great Abundance of Provisions, animal and vegetable — That the Climate is generally esteemed better than lower down the River, or even at Yannimaroo, where the Crew of his Vessel proved sickly on their Return, though during the Voyage they had no Siek; but he added, that he had no Experience of the Climate but during the dry Season — That his People had no Worms in their Legs, and that he never found the Well nor River Water unwholesome — He further said, That James Fort has been generally esteemed unhealthy, but that might be owing to the bad Construction of the Fort, and the Method they have of living the re — That all great Rivers within the Tropics are full of Crocodiles and Hippopotami, and wild Beasts on both Banks, and that they are covered with Mangrove Trees as far as the Salt Water reaches — That there arc many Islands in the Gambia, but Lemane appears the most healthy, and the highest — That there is Wood upon it — That between Yannimaroo and the Island the River is all in One Channel, about Two Miles in Breadth, and that an armed Vessel could not prevent Boats passing in the Night. — He further said, That Lemane would maintain 3 or 4,000 People, and that 2 or 300 armed Europeans could not liberate themselves from it, on Account of the different Rivers running into the Gambia, and because the Blacks would not suffer them to be in their Country; though he added, that if they had Craft and Arms they might seize a Vessel, and escape by Water, or they might buy Canoes of the Natives. —

He further said> That he supposes Europeans could not bear the Cultivation of Lands so well within the Tropics as in temperate Climates; but that they could cultivate Corn and Rice on the Island for their own Subsistence, without Prejudice to their Health, if properly instructed — That Grain is about Four Months in coming to Maturity — That if the Island was ceded by Stipulation, the Natives would certainly be ready to assist the Settlers — That Europeans will gradually become inured to the Climate; and that Convicts, deprived of all the Means of Debauchery, would stand a good Chance of living. — He further said, That the Mortality mentioned by another Witness, at Galam, was owing to the Detachments being sent up too late in the Season, when the Country had been long flooded. — Being further examined, he said. That he never had any Experience of Field Work being performed by an European on the Coast of Africa, though he had seen Artificers among the French Garrison that came down from Galam; and that he had known a French Gentleman who had lived there 30 Years — That he has also seen E?iglish Masons and Carpenters (but no Labourers) do Out Door Work at Senegal, even after the rainy Season began. — Being asked, Whether the Natives would admit a Colony of Convicts into their Country ? . he said, He believed so, if they were paid a stipulated Rent — That all our Settlements in Africa have been so acquired; but that he never heard of any Attempt to make a Treaty with, them for an Establishment of Convicts — That Great Britain at present possesses no other Lands in the Gambia but the Island of Saint James, which is about Half a Quarter of a Mile in Length; and that since the Peace not above Three or four Vessels have, traded there in a Year. — He also said, That if the Natives received an Injury from One of the Convicts, they would revenge it only on the Individual, unless Satisfaction was denied them by the Settlement at large.

Mr. John Nevan, a Captain in the African Trade, acquainted the Committee, That he was last Year up the River Gambia — That his Vessel w as stationed opposite Yannimaroo, which is considered as the healthiest Spot on the River, for Six Months, between February and August — That when he anchored there, his Crew' (Men and Boys) consisted of Twenty-one, of which he lost Six by the Country Fever — That he owed his own Preservation to Bitters and Bark — and that not a Man escaped the Contagion, though the Crew constantly slept on board — and that had they been suffered to sleep on Shore, the Mortality would in his Opinion have been greater — That he saw Five European Traders, Three of whom had Houses at Yannimaroo — They had a very wretched Appearance, being quite pale and emaciated, and hardly able to crawl; and that they told him they regularly fell sick in August, though they had a constant Supply of Medicines — -The Witness further said, That be had gone up in his Long Boat as far as Fattitenda, and had landed at several Places on the Island of Lemane, having gone up one Channel and come down the other — That the Island seemed to be rather higher than the Banks of the River, which are covered with Mangrove Trees — and that the Country is marshy, and without Hills — That the Northern Channel is about Half a Mile broad, and the Water is at least Eight Feet deep in the Month of May — That the Southern Channel is about a Quarter of a Mile wide, but he cannot ascertain the Depth of Water, as no Vessel ever attempts to go through it, but the Country Boats — That he supposes the Island cannot be a Mile in Breadth, and that no Part of it appeared to be cultivated — That he saw only a few Blacks on the Island, and believes they came over from the main Land — That when he left the Country the Princes on both Banks opposite Lemane were at War — and he understands that they belong to different Sovereigns.

25 Geo. III. 9"

Being further asked, HoW many of his Crew might* probably have survived, if the Ship had remained a whole Year at Yannimaroo? he answered — Not One, as the Rains were sometimes so incessant for 48 Hours together, that the Crew were not able to stir out of their Cabins, and that when he came away, only himself and Two Men w’ere capable of doing Duty on board. — He also added, That from the Shallowness of the Water, a Sloop of War of Fourteen Guns could not be stationed at Yannimaroo, and that without a Guard Ship it would be impossible to confine the Convicts within the Island. — Being asked, What would be the Consequence of putting 200 Male and Female Convicts on Shore at Lemane unarmed, with Six Months Provision, with Articles of Trade, and without any Government, but such as they might establish amongst themselves? he. answered, That if they had Goods, and no Arms, the Natives would murder them, and seize their Goods — but that if they were armed, there probably would be a Conflict with the Blacks, who being more numerous must ultimately prevail — and that he had known different Instances of Vessels being attacked by them for the Sake of Plunder. — Being further asked his Opinion of the probable Consequence on the Trade in the River Gambia, of the projected Colony of Convicts in Lemane? he said, That the Consequence would be very prejudicial, as the Traders would not venture up the River — and that he would rather trust the Blacks than them. — He further said, That the Natives would not, in his Opinion, trade with them; and that, on account of the Climate, the Convicts could not subsist themselves by Labour — That the Island must be first cleared, and then it is uncertain of what Quality the Soil may be.

Mr. Thomas Nesbitt informed the Committee, That he was Supercargo of a Ship in 1780 — That he went into the River Gambia for the Purpose of trading in Wax and Ivory — That not meeting with either, he only stayed Four or Five Days; and was prevented going higher up, by the Information he received, that Captain Heatly, who had been up the Gambia, and continued there a Twelvemonth, lost all his Crew — That he has frequently been in Company with French Traders, who had been up the River, and who informed him, that they generally lost most of their Crews, although they took the utmost Care of them, and fed them differently from the English — That he has always understood that the River runs a great Length through a very flat Country. — Being further examined, Whether he thought it probable that the Natives would permit an Establishment of Convicts among them? he said, It appeared to him very doubtful; but that at all Events no European Trader would venture up the River; and that the Natives would revenge the Loss of their Trade, by extirpating the Convicts from the Island. — He further said, That supposing the Convicts to exist after their Provisions were expended, which he does not think probable, they could not, if confined to any One Spot, subsist by their Labour; if they were at Liberty to remove from One Part of the Continent to the other, they would have a better Chance — That a Settlement on the Coast, where there is Access for Assistance from Europe, is much safer than an Inland Situation, the Sea Breezes being found to mitigate the bad Effects of the Climate — and that it made a most material Difference as to Health, whether the new Settlers were under Military Discipline, or consisted of disorderly Persons, who were left to regulate and take Care of themselves. — Being asked, Whether an armed Vessel, stationed in the River near Lemane, for the Purpose of confining Convicts, would have the desired Effect? he said. Certainly not: and that giving Rewards to the Natives, for apprehending all the Runaways, would be Vol, 4(X

Man. p57

attended with great and useless Expence, as the Natives could not be depended on; and would sometimes steal them from the Island, either to obtain the Reward, or to employ them in their own Armies — and that the Country being divided among a great Number of Princes, it is impossible to guard against these Inconveniences by Treaty.

Mr. Henry Smeathmany who resided near Four Years on the Coast of Africa, and chiefly at Sierra Leonat informed the Committee, That he had made many Observations on the Character of the Natives, and that they are exceedingly vindictive, of which he knew many Instances, but one in particular: — The Commander of a Danish Vessel ordered the Head of a Chief of the Country to be held down to a Grind Stone, and the Hair and Skin ground off together — Near Three Years after, this Chief and his People cut oft’ a French Ship, and murdered most of the Crew, by way of retaliating on White Men, which led him to think that the Natives would take their Revenge on the first Europeans which fell in their Way, for any Injury which our Convicts might do them. — He further said, That if 200 Convicts were left on an Island in the River Gambia, without any Medical Assistance than what they might give to each other, not One in 100 would survive the first Six Months, as Persons long confined in Prisons are peculiarly unfit to struggle with an African Climate — That they would be incapable also of Labour, from being long kept in Irons on Board of Ship; and that the Salt Provisions brought from Europe would soon become rancid and unfit for Use; in which Case they must depend on the Mercy of the Natives, who might or might not be disposed to assist them.

Mr. John Boon was also examined; who informed the Committee, That he has been Surgeon to the Army in Africa, and has resided Three Years at Senegal — And being examined as to the Nature of the Climate, he said, That from about the Middle of July to the Beginning of November, Putrid Fevers usually prevail; and that Fluxes are very, general from December to the End of March; and that the former Disorder is the most fatal to Europeans, Two Thirds of the King’s Forces having perished every Year — That the Natives are not so liable to the Contagion; and to avoid it, they usually remove into the inward Parts, at some Distance from the Coast — And. he added, that in Persons affected by this Disorder, the Blood is so inclined to Putrefaction, that Gentlemen frequently died in the Space of Three or Four Hours — That the higher up the River, the more fatal the Disease — And Mr. Boon mentioned, as an Instance, the Detachment sent up every Year to Galam, consisting of a Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Surgeon, and a Company of Foot, from 50 to 100 Men, during the Three Years he was there, of which not One ever returned. — He further said, That he always heard of the same Sickness attending the People on the Gambia, as at Senegal; and that he thinks the Climate must be nearly the same on both Rivers — That a Field Labourer on either could not live a Month, unless he bad an able Surgeon with him, well acquainted with the Diseases of the Coun-. try; because the Soldiers who suffered in the Manner above-mentioned at Senegal, had the Advantages of being under Military Discipline, were furnishea with Provisions, with Wine and Medical Assistance, and* were exempt from Labour; yet, for Eleven Months out of the Twelve, mcfst of them were unable to do Duty. — Being examined as to his Opinion, what would be the Effect of any Convention formed with the Natives to receive a Colony of Felons, and other desperate Persons we might chuse to send out ? he answered, That no Reliance could be placed on the Faith of the Natives — That they would rob any Settlers ..... Hlf.

Transport tation of Felons*

Transpor

tation of

Peloji8*

958

c? Matt. A. 1785.

- that might be sent there of their Tools, and of every Tiling the y could lay their Hands upon, particularly Iron.

Sir George Young being also examined, acquainted the Committee; That he had been Four Times at Gambia and Senegal — That the Rains commence, on the Coast of Africa, in May, and increase till July or August\ which produce a malignant Fever, which proves very fatal to Europeans — That he supposes a Ship of War, which was to continue on any Part of the Coast, within the Tropics, during the rainy Season, would - bury 9-ioths of her Crew — And that if she was stationed the whole Year up the River, at Yannimaroo, not an Individual of the Crew would survive — That he had always considered Gambia as the most unhealthy Part of the Coast; but that at Fattitenda, 900 Miles up the Country, where the Hills commence (the whole Country being flat and unhealthy, as far as that Pass) the Climate is somewhat better, owing to the Commencement of the Freshes; and that the Sea flows 6 or 700 Miles up the River — That there are many Ponds, left by the Rains, on each Side of the River, until the hilly Country begins, which stagnating from the Heat of the Weather, produce Vermin of all Sorts, and consequently Putrid Fevers.

Sir George Young confirmed the Testimony of other Witnesses with regard to the Impossibility of restraining a Colony of Convicts, without Order or Government, within the'Limits assigned to them; and also expressed his Apprehension that none of the Traders, who now navigate the River in their Long Boats, after such an Establishment took'place would venture up it, for fear of being plundered, — He also said, tliaLt another Mischief would arise from a Colony of Convicts, that the Natives being unable to distinguish them from other Europeans engaged in the same Commerce, would consider every White Man as an English Thief, and behave to him accordingly — That if the Convicts were armed they would probably kill and rob the Natives, or if unarmed, the Natives would rob and kill them — and that a Colony so constituted would not subsist by Labour, but by. Enter-prize and Piracy. — Being asked his Opinion of the Natives; He observed, That they were very peaceable, if well treated, but very revengeful, if insulted ~He also believes that no Prince of the Country will cede any Part of his Territpry for a Colony of Convicts, if he knows them to be such. — Being further examined as to the Practicability of Europeans subsisting themselves by Field Labour within the Tropics; he said, That it had never been attempted, as Death would be the Consequence of their continuing an Hour exposed to the Sun — And as a Proof of the UnheaFthiness of the Climate, which is universally the Ca$e below the Freshes; he said, That he landed at Albreda, opposite to Swansea Fort, where there was only One French Woman, all the Men, except her Husband, being dead, and he was gone up the Country to trade; and while Sir George Young was there, $He heard that he also was dead, and every White Man that went with him, which was a very common Case, for she had had Five Husbands in Three Tears. — The Witness also acquainted the Committees, That to convey 300 Male and Female Convicts to the River (Zambia, with proper Attention to their Health, would require not less than Four Vessels, of *bput 150 or 200 Tons, with 30 Seamen to each Vessel, which must be Well secured, and the Convicts ironed every Night; and that a Man of War would be necessary to convoy them to the Place of their Destination.

" ML Call, a Member present, informed the Committee, That having been at Senegal and Gambia, in the Year 175°> he had an Opportunity of seeingmany Traders, both English and French^ as also the Frenoh

Garrison at Goree, and the Remains of the Garrison at James Forty which was reduced by Sickness, from 25 or 30 Men to 5 or 8; and the Officers being all dead, a common Soldier had succeeded to the Command — That the Europeans almost generally laboured under Fluxes or Fevers — That he did not see above Two Persons, in the Character of Gentlemen or Officers, who appeared to be in Health — That the Captain of the Vessel in which he was embarked permitted no Person to sleep in the Fort, or the Village on the opposite Side of the River, which was reported to be much more unhealthy than either of the Fi'ench Settlements at Goree or Senegal — That he has heard the Country a great Way up the River Gambia is much more healthy than near the Sea Coast; but from the Information of the French Governor at Goree, it appeared, That Mons. St. David, who Two or Three Years before had sent 300 Men up the River Senega^ w'ith Tools for working in the Gold Mines, had returned with only Three of their Party living, the Tools being also reduced to the Size of a large Wire, and totally corroded with the Rust, from the Influence of the Climate — That the Banks of the River Gambia being higher, and less flooded, the Country from that Circumstance may be less unwholesome. — Being examined, as to the Etfect of Military Discipline in Tropical Climates, he said, He was clearly of Opinion, that Military Discipline not only contributes to tbs Health of those who are subject to it, but lhajt any give® Number of Men, properly attended to by their Officers, and not employed in Duties of Fatigue, will be infinitely more healthy than the same Number of People not subject to any Controul on their Conduct. — Being further asked his Opinion, in what State of Health Person* are likely to arrive and continue, who are taken out of a Prison Ship, and conveyed in Ivpns 400 Mile* into the Continent of Africa, up the River Gambia? Mr. Call saidt That it was his Opinion they would ajv rive there in a very debilitated State, as unable aft perhaps unwilling to undertake any laborious Work j and that they would soon fall a Sacrifice to the Oik mate or the Natives, or else make some Attempt to liberate themselves; which, if they were in Force, it would not be difficult for them to effect, by the Sei of a Vessel lying in the River. — Being examined* as to the probable Effect of sending a Set of despe* rate and disorderly People into -the Country, without any one to contFoul or command them, and without Arms to defend themselves, Mr. CaH confirmed tha Testimony of other Witnesses, by giving it as lm Opinion, that they would make Depredations on the Property and Families of the Natives, which of course would instigate them to Acts of Revenge, and pro* bably would lead to the Extermination of the Cou* victs; and that if they were armed, their Attempt* upon the Property of the Natives would only be at* tended with greater Force, and the Result must be* one or other of the Events which he before pointed out — Mr. Call being desired to explain his former Answer, that the Convicts might probably seize foe, Country Boats, or master some European Vessel, for the Purpose of making their Escape; and being fur--ther asked. Whether such a Vessel as Mr. Nepean mentions in his Evidence, or an armed Sloop, might not only prevent such Escape; but also protect the Convicts themselves from the Violence of the Natives, as well as the Natives from their Depredations? he said. That undoubtedly a Vessel of Force, by which ha means one properly armed, and manned with One hundred Men or upwards, would keep both Europeans and Natives under some Subjection, as far as such a Vessel could extend her Influence; but as the Vessel would be stationed in the River near Yannimaroo, it could not have that Effect Fifty or Sixty Miles higher up; and it is very probable the Crew would be sq reduced in foe sickly Season, that unless !! Recruits

25 G30. III.

95 9

Recruits were sent Annually, it would be impossible the Vessel could keep her Station, in which Case an Annual Sacrifice would be made of 50 or 60 good Subjects, ito look after 2 or 300 Villains. — And being further asked, Whether the Mortality of Europeans might not be obviated, by employing a certain Proportion of Blacks on board the Guard Ship, either as Mariners or Marines, instead of Europeans? he answered, That certainly the Lives of many Europeans might be saved *>y such Means; but that there must be a certain Proportion of Europeans at all Events.

Mr. Sturt, a Member present, informed the Committee, That he went to Africa ill 1782, with Three Sloops of War, and the Mackard Transport in Company, with 350 Convicts on board, wdiich were carried to Cape Coast Castle — That they were enlisted as Soldiers, and w*ere under military Discipline, with proper Officers to watch over their Conduct — That daring the Voyage they behaved very well, for Fear of the Men of War; but the Witness concludes, that had the Fleet been separated, they would have run away with the Ship — That about 20 or 30 of them died on their Voyage; and that, after their landing, they were so riotous, that their Officers were afraid of their Lives — And as a Proof of the bad Policy of sending our Convicts to Afnca} he said, that many of them deserted to the Dutch, and manned Two or Three Forts, which the British Fleet afterwards attacked — That the Witness afterwards heard, that Part ’ of these Convicts had taken a Portuguese Vessel — That the Remainder either died, or escaped into the Country, except a fewr, who remained with Captain M'Kenzie, their Commander.

Commodore Thompson informed the Committee, That he now commands His Majesty’s Ships on the Coast of Africa, and was there last Year from April to June — That he has only been in the Mouth of the Gambia, but has heard different Accounts of the Health of the interior Parts of the Country — That some Travellers report them, at the Distance of 5 or Coo Miles from the Coast, to be more healthy; but Commodore Thompson added, he had always remarked the contrary in the Countries where he has been, in -similar Parallels of Latitude — That most People, both French and English, who have traded upon the River, have described the Country as unhealthy — That the Europeans who liad resided there some Time appeared to him sickly and debilitated; and that he should imagine not 2 in 100 would exist there, if compelled to support themselves by Field Labour. — Being asked his Opinion of the Natives, Commodore Thompson answered, That they were generally Thieves, and w'ould plunder whenever they had an Opportunity — That on the Shore a Man might pass in Safety; but if he enters the Woods, he runs the utmost Risk of being murdered — And that, from Reports, and the History of the Country, he believes the Inhabitants of the Inland Country to be worse than those on the Sea Coast — That the probable Behaviour of a Colony of Criminals under no Government or Subordination, instead of altering the Disposition of the Natives, and reconciling them to an English Settlement in the Heart of their Country, would incense them to the highest Degree, and render them still more barbarous — That working in the Sun produces a Fever, which is certain Death; and that, consequently, no European could subsist by Field Labour in that Part of Africa which lies within the Tropics. — Being asked his Opinion of what would be the Condition of a King’s Ship stationed the Year round above Yannimaroo? he answered. That he imagines very few would survive to return. — Being further asked, If the Natives were to receive an Injury from any of the Convicts, what would be the Consequence to Other Europeans? he said, They would immediately demand a Punishment adequate to the Injury, an Vo l. 40.

Hint’the Offender might be given up to them; if that TraDSPofN Demand was not, or could not be complied with, they would revenge themselves on the first Europeans ' they could find; of which Commodore Thompson mentioned an Instance in regard to 6ome Marines of the Ship which he commanded, who strayed into the Woods between Goree and Gambia, and were robbed by the Negroes: On the Complaint of Commodore T/wmpson to the Negroe Captain of the Village, he took the Offenfcters, and brought them to him, and, after compelling the Restitution of the Articles stolen, he took out his Knife, and cut Three Marks on the Cheeks of the Offenders, and dismissed them. Some Marines afterwards robbed the Negroes; the Captain of the Village came to him to have the Effects restored; he asked for the People to be punished, which they were, and he was satisfied: But Commodore Thompson added, that if Satisfaction had not been mutually given, Hostilities would instantly have ensued.

— Being asked, Would they not soon be apprized of the Situation of this Colony of Convicts, arid consequently consider them as a distinct Set of People, so as not to retaliate upon innocent Traders for any Injury that the Convicts might do them? he said.

That undoubtedly they would consider the Convict as the Criminals of our Country; but if they could not secure the Convicts who hhd offended them, that they would iixliscriminately fall on any Europeans they might meet, to satisfy their Revenge. — Being asked, What Strength Great Britain has in the Gambia to keep 2 or 300 armed Convicts in Order? he answered, None. — And being further asked, What Mode could be adopted to keep them under Subjection in Lemane? lie said, That he could suggest none* as he thiuks it impracticable. — That they would escape with the Canoes, or perhaps swim out of the Island; at least, that no Vessel of War stationed at Yanmmaivo could prevent their Escape, as the upper Part of the River is full of small Islands — That he lms always heard Lemane mentioned as an Island very productive of Rice, and consequently swampy and unhealthy. — Being further examined, Whether the Natives would cede a Tract of Land for a valuable Consideration, on which a Cdony of Convicts under no Coercion or Government might establish themselves? lie said, That according to his Knowledge of the Disposition of the Negroes, for a present Gratification they would sell any Thing, and cut off the Settlers afterwards. — Being asked, Whether he knew the Fate of the 350 Convicts sent to Cape Coast as Soldiers? he acquainted the Committee, That all he heard of them was, that about 20 of them went to>

Sea on a Piratical Intent, and wfere never heara of afterwards; there were Three at Cape Coast, One a Serjeant at Dick's Cove, 'Two at Annamaboey One at Tantumquerry, and One at Accra — That this was a(

Year and a Quarter after they got there — Commodore Thompson further said, That sending Convicts into the Service of the African Cotapariy has been the Occasion of perpetual Commotion among the Natives, and has endangered in different Instances the Safety of the British Forts — and Commodore Thompson earnestly stated to the Committee, That from the present Circumstances of our African Trade, and the Rivalship of other Nations, it is peculiarly necessary to cultivate the good Opinion of the Natives of the Country; and instead of sending Persons of the worst Characters to Africa, to be very careful in the Choice of Persons to be employed in that Service, as from the small Number of Europeans, to whom a Fort, or other important Trust is committed, the personal Character of every Individual is more essential than in any other Situation which can be thought of, which he explained by the following Fact: When Mr. Wall was Governor of Goreef he, contrary to the Laws of that Country, seized several Chiefs, and sold them

Transpor-

tation of

Felons.

Blackfriars

Bridge.

Poultry and Wood Street Compters.

960 of Mail. 1785.

to neutral Vessels; the Negroes were determined on Retaliation, and Commodore Thompson had Reason to believe from Information, that they were bent on seizing him as a Hostage, till their Chiefs should be restored. — He further said, That when he came to Assince, on the Ivory Coast, he wanted to see the principal People of the Place, and they gave him to understand they would not come afloat, as a Mr. Griffiths, a Master of a Guinea Ship, had carried off Five of their principal People, by which Means the Commerce was entirely destroyed with those People; and this Matter was fully proved and confirmed to him by Governor Mergue, of Cape Coast. — Being further asked, What he thinks would be the Consequence of sending out a Colony of Men without Women? he said, That they would marry with the Native Women, whom they may easily purchase for any trifling Presents. — And being further examined as to the Consequences, if a Proportion of Female Convicts was sent out? He answered, That the Women would all die, the Climate being physically fatal to European Women — That there is but One on the Coast now, and she resides at Cape Coast. — Being examined as to the Nature of the Commercial Connection we have with the Natives in the Neighbourhood of Lemane? he acquainted the Committee, That our Vessels go up the River near 300 Miles, and the Long Boats still higher — That there is a general Commerce up as high as Fattitenda, carried on by a few Europeans at certain Posts, chiefly on the North Side of the River.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Alderman JVatson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike to be erected at or near Blacks riars Bridge, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to pull down The Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City, for the Purpose of re-building the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman JVatson, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session Agnew's in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates of Barn- Estate. barroch and Shenchan, lying in the County of JVigton, and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to Robert Agnew, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting either of those Estates, and for vesting the Remainder in Fee Tail to the same Heirs, and under the same Limitations, as are mentioned in the Deed of Entail thereof, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of December1 One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Cunynghame, Mr. Johnstone, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That the several Elec- Ipswich tors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough Election, of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

And a Motion being made, That the said Electors have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, to Wool-whom the Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds combing, and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, ’ Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. /

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from Dispos the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; of Gra and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1784 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 9th Day of May 1785, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus of the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

An

An ACC 0 MPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 17$4> has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 9th Day of

May 1785, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus of the same.

Navy -

Ordnance -

Forces, &c\

SERVICES.

£ s. d.

For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 26,000 Men including 4,495

Marines, from the 1st Day of January 1784 - ----- - r,2 84400----

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Tear 1784 - - - - 701,869 — 6

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in llis Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1784.....- 1,100,000-----

£ nr

For Ordnance, Sea Service . - 67,600----

For Ordnance, Land Service - - -- -- -- 429,008 a 7

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament in 1783 ---- ---- - - 181,141 6 4

For defraying the Charge of 17,483 effective Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces,

in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers, and £ s. d.

Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, of Agency, and of Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and for Riding Masters, for the Year 1784 - - - 636,190 £ l

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Gibraltar, including the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, of Agency, and of Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year 1784 - -- -- - 284,213, 2 9

For the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service

in East India, for the Year 1784 -------- - 8,252 7 9

For the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1784 - - - . - - 6,080 6 6

For Allowance to the Paymaster General of the Forces, Secretary at war, Commissary General of the Musters,

Judge Advocate General, Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their Offices; for Exchequer Fees, payable by the Paymaster General; and on Account for Poundage, to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1784 - - - 67,55114 1

For defraying the Charge of In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital^ for the Year 1784 --------- 173,001 15 5|

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1784 ----- 75,116 18 6

Further, on Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1784 - - - - 130,300 -r-

For the Commissioned Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1784 - 54,653 10 6

For several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1784 ---- r 3,544 H 3

For the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospital, serving with the Forces in North America and the West Indies, for the Year 1784 ------ - 6,291 7 —

For* Allowances to the Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1784 ---- 563 12 10

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending

the same, for the Year 1784 - - _ . - - - _ - _ - 17,000 4 —

For defrayiRg the Charge of Pensions to the Widows of Commissioned Officers of His Majesty's'British American

Forces, for the Year 1784 - -- -- -- - 686 ---

For defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot, sent from. Ireland to Gibraltar, during the Year

1783- - - -: - - - - 4,246 11 —

Sums voted.

£. t. d.

3,086,069 — 6

677.749 8 11

Remains to be paid.

£, s. d.

3,086,069 — 6

607,749 8 n

£. s. d.

50,000-----

25 Geo. III. 9" Mail.

g

(Q

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

O

n

U

For defraying the Charge of Additional to Three Regiments of Foot, for the Year 1783 -

For defraying the Charge of several Corps, to the respective Times of their being disbanded, during the Year

1783 ....

For defraying the Charge of Three Regiments of Foot, from the 25th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of December following, both Days inclusive - - _

For defraying the Charge of several Corps of His Majesty’s Forces, for different Periods, in the Year 1784 For defraying the Charge of Two Hanoverian Battalions of Foot in Great Britain, from the 25th Day of June 1783 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive -

For defraying the Charge of Five Battalions of Hanoverian Infantry, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1783 to the 24th Day of June 1784, both Days inclusive -

For defraying the Charge of Subsidies due to the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, the Hereditary Prince of Hesse Cassel, the Reigning Prince of Waldeck, the Margrave of Brandeburgh Anspach, the Reigning Prince of Anhalt Zerbst, and the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, pursuant to Treaties, for the Year 1784- -

Towards defraying the Charge of 6,463 Men, being a Detachment of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, including Staff Officers, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 28th Day of May 1784 to the 24th Day of December following, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty ——

To make good a Deficiency on the Subsidy due to the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, pursuant to Treaty, for the Year 1783 ——

Towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from the 1st Day of February 1783 to the 24th Day of December following, both Days inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament - - - 2,360,992 — 9

From which deduct the Monies or Savings of the several Army Services, granted towards , defraying the same .....441,702 13 9J

C d.

10,524 *7 4.

9,821 15 6

15,626 411

77,853 8 7J

9,371 17 9

23,419 — iof

120,369 11 7

60,035 8 4J

2,366 13 —

1,919,289 6 lif

To the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, to be applied in assisting them to carry on their Trade ——

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament ——

For the Expences of the New Roads, of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year

*784 - .....* ....

To make Compensation to the Reverend Thomas Weckcs Dalby, the Representative of Charles JVeckes, deceased, for the Loss sustained by the Detainer of the Ship Hope, on Account of His Majesty's Victualling Office, in the Years 1743 and 1744 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1784 -

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, from the 1st Day of January 1784 to the 1st Day of January 1785 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of East Florida, from the 24th Day of June 1783 to the 24th Day of June

1784....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick, from the 24th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of June 1785 ——

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, from the 24th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of June 1785 -

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements ou the Coast of Africa -

To perfect the Purchase of the Soil of the Bahama Islands, and to support the Civil Establishments, in Addition to the Salaries now paid out of the Duty Fund to the public Officers ——

Far the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda, or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of June

*785 :....

Towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year T734 ——

To make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take and state, the Public Accompts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability, in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament -

To enable His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted on His Civil List, and to defray the further Expences thereof -To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses -To make good to llis Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government . - . - _ - .

3.716,37® >8 7t

4,000 --- —

3,000-----

4,830 7 6

1,891 13 8

5>559 8 —

3>15----

3,95°-----

3,100-----'

L75o----

13.000 -

7,850 «-----

500-----

25.000 -

9,000 — —

60.000 -

36,841 1 6

75,750 13 6

£- * d.

3,i53,i9i 11 65

4.000 -

3.000 -

4,830 7 6

1,891 13 8

5,559 8 —

3,150----

3,950 -

3,!00----

i,75o----

13.000 -

7,850-----

125 — —

15.000 -

9,000-----

60.000 — —

36,841 1 6

75,750 J3 6

VC

Os

563,179 7 — , Vo

375 — —

Vol. 40.

Deficiencies -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury, by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, and other Services - -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been paid to the Secretaries of the Commissioners appointed to take and state the Public Accompts, and to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which has not been made good by Parliament - - - - -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been issued to Duncan Campbell^ Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames ——

To. Joseph White, Esquire, in full for Expences attending the Support of the Bill for inflicting certain Pains and Penalties on Sir Thomas Bum bold, Baronet ——

To George White, Esquire, for Expences attending the Sittings of the Committees appointed to enquire into the Causes of the War in The Carnatic, \ca. in the Years 1781 and 1782 ——

To Mr. William Evatt, for the Expences attending the Sittings of the Select Committees appointed to take into Consideration the State of the Administration of Justice in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orissa, during the Couise of Pour Sessions of Parliament ——

To Mr. White, Junior, for the Expences attending the Sittings of the Committees, to whom the Report of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, in Obedience to an Order of the House of Commons, dated 23d of January 1784, and the Report of the said Court of Directors, containing such further Information as has been received since making up their Report, presented the iCth of February 1784, were severally referred ——

To Mr. Arthur Benson, Clerk to the Committee appointed to enquire into the illicit Practices used in defrauding the Revenue of this Kingdom, and the most effectual Methods of preventing the same, for his actual Expences and Trouble in attending the said Committee ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, r granted Anno 1758, on 5th of July 1783 - -

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1778, on Ditto ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1779,00 Ditto ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities,

) granted Anno 1780, on loth of October 1783 - -- --.

\ To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out, of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1782, on 5th of July 1783 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities,

granted Anno 1783, on 10th October 1783.-

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1782, at Lady Day 1784 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1782, at Michaelmas 1784 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1783 ——

kTowards the Expence of His Majesty's Mint, pursuant to an Act 90 Georgii 3lli - - .-

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 1,000,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 23° Georgii 3fiI, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1784, together with the Interest and Charges

attending the same

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 230 Georgii 3tl1, and charged further on the first Aids to be granted for the Service of the Year 1784, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same ——

To the Governor and Compnny of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets, in the Lottery established by an Act 240 Georgii 3m ——

For Discount on prompt Payments, after the Rate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, to the Contributors of 6,000,000 for Annuities, and of £. 360,000 for a Lottery ——

To the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the Monies contributed for the said Annuities and Lottery -For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof ....

12,816 15 94

7,000-----

12,212 n g

3.587 9 6 920 — 9

1.779 13 —

12,816 15 9J

7,000-----

12,212 11 6 3,587 9 6 920 — 9

1.779 13 —

116 16 6

116 16 6

220 — — 23.556 2 7 168,019 2 9$

73.339 19 8 207,900 10 3 435.888 19 2

24,943 5 — 442,107 6 10 231,772 4 8£ 36,814 15 5|

6,175 n 31

1,053,881 18 1

220 — — ‘ 23,556 2 7

168,019 2 gj

73,339 19 8

207,900 10 3

435,888 19 2

24,943 5 — I 442,107 6 lo 231.772 4 8i

20,450 5 _i 6>»75 n 31

1,053,881 18 ,

16,364 10 5

1,562,136 6 10

360,000-----

26,823 15 9 5,834 4 9

11,600-----

12,449,019 2 5}

1,562,136 6 ,0

360,000 __. __

26,823 15 9 5,834 4 9

10,000 __ ._

11 >807^500 4 ,|

r

1,600 __.

641,5,8 ,7 ,

11,807,500 +

25 Geo. III. 9°

WAYS and MEANS for answering the same j vii*.

#. d. sh.

---- By 4 per Lib on Land.

---- By the Duty on Malt, continued Anno 1784.

---- Contributed towards ,£.6,000,000 for Annuities, the remaining Sum of £.638 not having been paid by a Subscriber, who thereby forfeited £. 522, the Amount of the 1st, 2d, and 3d Payments ou £. 1,160.

360.000 ----- By a Lottery.

105,818 5 11J By Cash in the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament.

1,500,000 — — By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids to be granted for

Service of the Year 1785.

1,000,000 — — By Ditto, charged further on the first Aids to be granted for Service of the Year 1785.

800.000 ----- Out of the Sinking Fund.

2,000,000

750,000

5,999;3fa

12,515,180 5 lij

12,449,019 2 sj- Total Services.

£ 66,161 3 5f- Overplus of Ways and Means.

Remains of the Ways and Means undisposed of; viz*.

Of Contributions for Annuities -

Ditto - - - for a Lottery - - - .

From which deduct the Amount of the Sums unpaid, as above

Residue is the Surplus of the Grants for the Year 1784 -

s Mem*.

The Arrears of former Supplies, remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided,

are as follow; viz1.

For the late African Company’s Creditors -

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. 19*. igrf. -

For Compensations to the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments at and near Plymouth -

£. s. d. 706,080 — nj 1,600-----

707,680 — n|

641,518 17 5t 66,161 3 si

£ * A 9OO 12 IO

57° *7 7i 16,364 10 5 17,836 — ,of

VO

on

4>

£. d.

And there remains unpaid of 8,702,277. 5. 8. granted for Naval Services, &c*. in the Year 1781 To complete £. 36,207. 4 s. 3 d. granted towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, in 1781.....-....

To answer which, there remains to be paid by the East India Company, in fall of £.400,000 granted towards the Supply for the Year 1781 - -

£. «. d. vO

£»8,39* 7 6i -

1,607 1* 5i Ik

100,000

Presented this 9th Day of May 1785, by

W. Speer.

o'

cq'

N

CD

Q_

ftolt’ft

Ittatev

Hanmer's, *c. Estate.

Duty on Hawkers, &c

Duty on Servants.

Ditto.

Dities on Salt.

Duty on Post Horses.

Nava!

Services.

Duty on Hawkers,&c

25 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Two Thirty-sixth Shares of the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias Asland\ in the County of Lancaster, Part of the settled Estates of Edward Holt, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Spencer Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to effectuate a Partition of the Estates of Job Hanmer, Esquire, the Reverend Erasmus Warren, Clerk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Net Produce of the Duty arising from Hawkers and Pedlars for the last Three Years, as far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Produce of the Duty on Male Servants, whilst the same was under the Management of the Commissioners for Taxes.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Produce of the Duty on Male Servants, since the same has been under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amounts of the Allow ances made from the Duties on Salt carried Coastwise, for the Two Years ending the 5th of April 1784.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prqduce of the Duty on Horses hired to travel Post by the Mile or Stage, or for a Day or less Period of Time, for Three Years, ending the 1st Day of August last.

Ordered, That there be laid before tin’s House, an Account of Monies which have been applied to Naval Services in the Year 1784, over and above the Grants of Parliament for the Service of that Year.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Net Produce of the Duty arising from Hawkers and Pedlars, for the last Three Years, as far as the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Vol. 40.

9*5

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Goodmough, Duty on from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Servants. Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shevyng the Annual Produce of the Duty upon Male Servants, whilst the same was under the Management of the Commissioners for Taxes.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. "Thompson; from Stamp the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Dutes* Stamps, attended at the Dour; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " The Gross Amount of the " Post Horse, &;c. Duty, for Three Years, ending 1st " August 1784."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom Bideford the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Roadi* enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Fourth Yeai of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon* the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, v agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Webster, from Duty on the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the.Door; Servants, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Produce of the Duty on Male Servants, since the same has been under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the \ Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A11 ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Collignony n N for Na,‘

9° Mail

Beverley ,&c, Inclosure.

Beverley,&c. Drainage.

Holbrooke

Inclosure.

Navy and

Victualling

Bills.

966 9e Mail. ‘ 1785.

for naturalizing William Henry Collignon, was read a Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordnance Second Time. Account of the Outstanding Debt of the Ordnance to Debt.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Paw- the 31st Day of December 1783, inclusive.

Key, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duty on Cot-

Chamber. x to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tou Stuffs*

upon the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to last Session of Parliament, as imposes Duties on all whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs certain Lands, Grounds, Carrs, and Common Pastures, wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, in Woodmansey, Thearne, JVeel, and Skidby, all in not being printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, for bleaching or dying the same, be now read, in the East Riding of the County of York, was com- And the said Order being read accordingly;

mitted; That the Committee' had examined, and The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Coin-

been complied with; and that the Committee had exa- mittee.

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee,

their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of That they had gone through the Bill, and made an the Committee; and that the Committee had gone Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him through the Bill, and made several Amendments to report, when the House will please to receive the thereunto, which they had directed him to report to same.

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ' Ordered, That the Report be now received, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Sir Henry Hoghton accordingly reported from the

ments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amend- said Committee, the Amendment' which the Committee ments were Once read throughout; and then a had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- to report to the House; and he read the Report in his tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the House. Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put ingrossed. thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to ingrossed. whom the Bill for draining, preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Gibraltar Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in Friday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Prize Money, the East Riding of the County of York, was committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to mitted; That the Committee had examined the Al- consider further of the Bill for authorizing the Prize legations of the Bill, and found the same to be Agents, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of true; and that the Parties concerned had [given their Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps compos-Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- ing the said Garrison all such Sums as shall remain or mittee; and that the Committee had gone through come to their Hands of the Bounty allowed for the the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War, might be which they had directed him to report to the House; read.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards And the said Order being read accordingly;

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Sc-

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by vennight, the 19th Day of this Instant May, resolve One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, itself into the said Committee, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be A Petition of the Manufacturers of Gloves of the Commercial ingrossed. Town of Yeovil, in the County of Somerset, was pre- Intercourse

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Wllh belaud. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the the Petitioners are exceedingly alarmed at the Reso-Coimnons, Open Common Fields, Common Mea- lutions brought before the House, relating to the dows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, Commercial Regulations between Great Britain and within the Liberty of Holbrooke, in the Parish of Ireland, which, if carried into a Law, they greatly Diiffield, in the County of Derby, was read the Third fear, will, in their Consequences, be highly injurious Time. to the Commerce and Manufactures of this Country;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and that a great Part of the Expence of the Manufac-be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, ture of Gloves arises from the Price of Labour, which Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common- is greatly enhanced by the many heavy Taxes with able Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of which this Country is burthened, and the People of Holbrooke, in the Parish of Duffield, in the County of Ireland being, in a great Measure, free from Taxes,

Dei'by. the Price of Labour is consequently very low, and,

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the from these Considerations, the Petitioners are of Opi- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. nion, that the above, and every other Manufacture of

this Kingdom, will be much injured, and the Con-Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an sumption of this Country, in Time, wholly supplied Account of the Total Amount of all Navy and Vic- by the Manufactures of Ireland: And therefore pray-tualling Bills that were issued and outstanding previous ing, That the House will take the same into Considera-to the 1 st Day of January 1785, with the Interest that tion, and prevent those Resolutions from passing into will be due upon the same on the 5th Day of July next a Law.

ensuing. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Z Consideration

f I.

25 Geo. III. 90 Mail 967

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Menai A Petition of the Merchants and Traders, Own-

toidoe. ers an(j Masters of Vessels, of the Port of Swansea, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented lor Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Bridge or Embankment over an Arm of the Sea between the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, called The Streights of Menai, at a Place near Porthaethwy, or Bangor Ferry, and Alledging, That the free Navigation of The Streights of Menai is an Object of public Importance, the said Streights being navigable throughout for Vessels of very large Burthen, and frequented by some Thousand Sail in the Year, when they could not otherwise proceed to their Destination; and the making a Bridge or Embankment will very materially injure (by the additional Force of the Current) if not totally ruin the Navigation of the said Streights, and thereby be detrimental to the Trade and Commerce, Maritime Strength, and Revenue, of this Nation, and to the Interests of the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying, That the Bill for making a Bridge or Embankment as aforesaid, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the County of Anglesey, and of other Parts of Great Britain, and also of the Kingdom of Ireland, is referred.

Scotch Trade The House being informed that Mr. Leake, from the with West Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at ladies. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Imports and Exports between that Part of Great Britain called Scotland and The British /Vest Indies, for the last Ten Years (viz. from the 5th of January 1774 to the 5th of January 1784) being as far as the same can be made up; distinguishing each Year, and the several Articles, and the Value thereof, and the Amount of the Duties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

Ipswich, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Road. Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Ipswich to South Town; and from the said Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment: And also,

Watling The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Street Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading

through from The Gibbet, or Lutterxcorth Hand, on the Watling

Hoadsk°VCr Street Road, through the Parishes of Churchover, B?'ozcnsover, Newbold upon Avon, Rugby, and Bilton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County, at or near a Public House, known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 40.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Land Tax Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution Cwnmi*-an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, " An S10uer8*

" Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land " Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service " of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-five," together with those named in Three former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridgman'* to enable John Simpson (lately called John Bridgman) Name. Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Simpson, pursuant to the Will of William Simpson, Esquire, deceased, and also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of Simpson; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Shelley's vesting Part of the settled Estates, and such of the Estates. Estates of the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Baronet, deceased, which, upon his Death, descended to his Son Sir John Shelley, Baronet, an Infant, as his Heir at Law, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Duchy of amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Eancast«r Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, tc An Act to Lstate’

" enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of " Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm " Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on " Lands held of the said Duchy;" and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy:

And that Mr. Ord and Mr. Villiers do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Cardiff Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majes- Rooty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading u from the Town of Cardiff, and several other Towns " and Places, in the County of Glamorgan," and for altering, repairing, and widening, certain other Roads within the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Herbert Mackworth, Sir William Dolben, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Crown a Bill for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Debtor*. Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of their Sureties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, public a Bill for better examining and auditing the Public Ac- Account*, counts of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee

Supply.

Trent and

Mersey

Canal.

968 9 Mail. A. 1785.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five thousand Four hundred Eighty-nine Pounds, and Seventeen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to General James Murray, late Captain General and Governor in Chief of the Island of Minorca, and Vice Admiral of the same, to reimburse to him the Sum of Five thousand Pounds paid by him to Mr. James Sutherland\ pursuant to a Verdict in the Court of Exchequer, in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, and of the Sum of One hundred and Sixty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence, being the Plaintiffs Costs, and also the Sum of Three hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Three Pence, being the said General’s Solicitor’s Bill of Expences; and that the said Sum of Five thousand Four hundred Eighty-nine Pounds and Seventeen Shillings be issued without Fee or Reward, or other Expences whatsoever.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation, in Behalf of themselves and several other Proprietors of the said Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, in which Bill is contained a Clause for ratifying and confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey Canal Navigation Company, the said Coventry Canal Navigation Company, and the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, upon the 29th of October 1783, and declaring the 6ame to be binding and conclusive upon the said several Companies respectively, and in which Articles, a prior Agreement, entered into at a Meeting held at Coleshill, in the County of IVanvick, upon the 20th of June 1782, by Delegates from the respective Companies of Proprietors of the said Offord, Coventry, and Trent and Mersey (therein called The Grand Trunk) Canal Navigations, and from certain Projectors of, and Subscribers to, a then new-proposed Navigation from the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wednesbury, to Birmingham, and from thence to join the Coventry Canal in the Neighbourhood of Fazeley, and which the Petitioners observe to be fully recited and set out in the said Bill, was made binding and conclusive on the said Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Companies respectively; and the Petitioners further observe by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to make Navigable the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with short Cuts connecting the rewith from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, with several short Cuts branching therefrom; and that the Petitioners acknowledge the several Agreements as stated, but beg Leave to submit to the House, that the original Agreement, entered into by the Delegates on the Part of the Proprietors of the Coventry Company, and afterwards confirmed by that Company by the Articles above stated, was so entered into and 'confirmed for the Purpose, as is recited in the said original Agreement, of effecting a general Communication between the Oxford, Coventry, and Grand Trunk Canals, the Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Wed-nesbury, and the Town of Birmingham, and, upon this Public Ground, the said Agreements were acceded to on the Part of the Coventry Company; and that the said Coventry Company, in executing their Canal to its present Termination at the Town of Atherstone, which is about Sixteen Miles and Three Quarters, did, about Thirteen Years ago, expend the Whole of the Monies raised for the Purpose of completing the said Canal to its originally intended Junction with The Grand Trunk at Fradley Heath, the same amounting to £. 50,000, a Sum considerably exceeding the Estimate of the late Mr. Brindley of the Expence of completing the Whole to such Junction; and that, from the Time of the Expenditure of the Whole of the said £ 50,000, the Dividends made to the Proprietors of the Profits of the said Coventry Canal, have not, upon an Average, amounted to £. 2 per Centum per Annum, and the Smallness of the Dividends have not arisen from any extra Expence, Accidents, or Losses, but from Want of a sufficient Trade upon the said Canal, to make it a productive Revenue, and, exclusive of the said £.50,000, the said Company have, from their low Dividends, sustained a Loss of upwards of £. 20,000, computing £.5 per Centum Interest for their Capital; and that, at the Time of making the said Agreements, sanguine Expectations were entertained, that the Money necessary for carrying the same into Execution would have been raised, as the effecting a Communication with The Grand Trunk, and other Canals, was an Object which the Generality of the Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal were assiduous to attain, though some others, by disapproving of the Agreements, appeared not to be Friends to the Measure; and that, before the Scheme of the said lliver Navigation was known to the Coventry Company, various Expedients were devised, but which proved ineffectual, for the Purpose of raising Money to effect the above Communication, which Communication was then thought practicable in no other Way but by an Extension of the Coventry Canal in its present Parliamentary Line, and to which Line, it is the Intent of the Bill now depending, to confine it; and that the Proprietor’s of the said Coventry Canal have never lost Sight of the great National Object of completing, and rendering effectual, for all the Purposes of Commercial Intercourse, the Inland Navigation of the Kingdom, by a Communication of Canals, and, had they not been deceived by Mr. Brindley's Estimate of* the Expence, on which they relied, the Whole of their Undertaking had been long since completed, and it is now become very doubtful whether the Coventry Company can, in their present Situation, raise Money sufficient to complete their Undertaking; and that tb$ Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal did, at a General Meeting held the 29th Day of March last, under their Common Seal, declare their Resolution of not proceeding in an Application to Parliament for Powers to enable them to complete and execute the said Coventry Canal in the Manner proposed by the said Articles, because they were of Opinion, that the proposed Scheme for making Navigable the said Rivers, would be more advantageous to the Public, and because, as the Petitioners were informed and believed, the whole Money necessary for. completing the said River Navigation, was then already subscribed; and that the Object and Design of such Agreements was a Public Accommodation, and as the same is attainable in another, and, as the Petitioners are firmly persuaded, a better Mode for the Public, the Petitioners hops that they shall not uqw be obliged to fulfil the said

Agreements;

as Geo. III. 9° Mail

' Agreements; and that the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal, have had Surveys and Levels laid before them for making Navigable the said Rivers, as stated in the said Petition, and, the Petitioners conceive, that such River Scheme will, on an accurate Investigation, be found to answer every Public Idea, and all the avowed Public Objects of an Extension in the present Line of the Coventry Canal to Fazcley, and the Grounds of their Opinion in this Respect have arisen from a careful Examination of such Surveys and Levels, and the Information of able and experienced Engineers on the Subject, together with the Knowledge of several of the Petitioners of different Parts of the Country in the Course of the said -projected River Navigation, and the Cuts to be connected with it; and that the said River Navigation and Cuts will be executed with much less Expence, and will be used with the Advantage of Boats larger and better accommodated for the Conveyance of Merchandize, and will be attended with an easier Tonnage and Freight, and a less Waste of Land, than the Extension of the Coventry Canal, in its present Line to Fazeley, and also with the Advantage of conveying Goods in such larger Boats without unloading the whole Length from Gainsborough to Coventry: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and not make the Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal liable to be called upon, in a^compulsory Way, to complete, or carry forwards, their said Canal, by any Enacting Clause in the said Bill: and that, when a Bill for making Navigable the said Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, shall be presented, pursuant t9 the Prayer of the Petition for that Purpose, that the same may pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, and that such Relief may be given to the Petitioners, and the said other Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal Navigation, in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

posed, That the said Petition do lie uport the Table until the Report be received from the Committee to' whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal froni The Trent to The Mersey, is committed; and that the Petitioners be at Liberty to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition; if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " and that the " Petitioners be at Liberty to be then heard, by their Ci Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if " they think fit."

And the said Motion, and proposed Amendment; were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. ....

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Colonial Command, Civil

Estimate of the Suras necessary to defray the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda, or Somovs Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1785 to the 24th Day of June 1786, and to discharge the Arrears of Salaries due to the Attornies General of the said Islands, from the 19th of July 1778 to the 18th of April 1783:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1785 to the 24th of June 1786.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to defray the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda, or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1785 to the 24th Day of June 1786, and to discharge the Arrears of Salaries due to ‘the AttorniSs General of the said Islands, from the 19th of July 1778 to the 18th of April 1783, the Fund arising from the Sale of Crown Lands, upon which the Salary of the Attorney General is charged, not being productive.

Salary to the Chief Justice ——

Arrear of Salary to the 19th July 1778, due to the Estate of Daniel Hunt, Esquire, deceased ——

Arrear of Salary due to JVM Bremage, Esquire, from 25th November 1778 to 24th March

1781, at £. 100 per Ann. - .

Arrear of Salary due to JVm Graham, Esquire, from 31st December. 1781 to 18th April 1783, at £. ioo per Ann. ——

/. d. 500-----

488 14

233 6 8

130 — 7i 1,352 1 10

Allowance for Taxes and Fees at the Exchequer and Treasury

240-----

i>592

1 10

You 4ft ' ‘ 11 0 ESTIMATE

97° 9° \ 1785.

Colonial

Estimate.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th June 1785 to the 24th June 1786.

To the Salary of the Governor - - - "

.....- Chief Justice....

Salary to Three Assistant Judges, £. 300 each.....-

- - - Attorney General ——

- - - Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

- - - Naval Officer ....

- - - Surveyor General of Lands -

- - - Agent.....-

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers - -

To an Allowance, on Account for unforeseen Contingencies -

To Da, for erecting Four Churches and Parsonage Houses -

To make good the Deficiency in the Allowance to the Governor out of the Extraordinaries of the Army, which did not commence till the ist January 1785, from the 24th June 1784 - ....

£. 9. A

1,000 — — 500 — —

9Q0 — — 150 - — -250 — — 100 —

150 — — 150 — — -

400 — "

500 -

2,000 — —

256 17 —

L

6,356 17 ~

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordnance The House being informed that Mr, Nettleship, from Debentures, the Office of Ordnance, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Ordnance Deben-* tures outstanding to 31st December 1783.*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followed!; viz.

Amount of Ordnance Debentures outstanding to 31st December 1783; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, 29th April 1785 -

504,349 *6 —

Office of Ordnance, 9th May 1785.

rr.fA.Vft.i

G, Cramfurdi Tho. BaiUie.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Duties on The House being informed that Mr. Elliott, from the Salt. Commissioners of the Salt Duties, attended at the Door;

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, ‘

An Account of the Amounts of the Allowances made-from the Duties on Salt carried Coastwise, for the Two Years ending the 5th of April 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred

to* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the granted to His Majesty.

he said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers W this Session.

A Petition of the Agents for the American Loyalists, America* in Behalf of themselves, and their Constituents, being Loyalists, offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Subjects of the British Empire, and, in common with their Fellow 9 ' Citizens,

j

35 Geo. III. 9° Mali. 971

Citizens, entitled to its Protection find Justice, and that by the immutable Principle* of natural Equity, and the fundamental La\Vs of all Civil Societies, the Expences, Burthens, and Sacrifices, necessary to the Common Benefit and Safety, ought to be equitably borne by all the Citizens, in a just Proportion; and that the Duties of Allegiance and Protection which form and support the Union of Society are reciprocal between the Subject and Sovereign, and mutual Considerations for each other, and therefore the Subject, who fulfils his Duty of Allegiance in Times of Public Danger, id certainly entitled to Public Protection and Indemnity; and that it* the Years 1764 and 1767, When a violent and riotous Opposition arose in Arrie-rica to the Sovereign Authority of Parliament, both Houses, by their Resolutions, declared, " That such kt Persons who had manifested a Desire to comply *£ with, or to assist in* carrying into Execution any 4t Acts of the Legislature, relating to the Colonies u in North America, ought to have full and ample *c Compensation for any Injury or Damage sustained *c on that Account," and that such Persons were entitled to, and should assuredly have, the Protection of the House of Commons of Great Britain; and that in 1775, when a dangerous Rebellion against the Sovereign Rights of the British Legislature had broke out in America, His Majesty conceived that the Aid of His Subjects would be necessary to reduce it, and therefore, by His Proclamation, He called on all for their Assistance; and, that none might neglect or violate their Duty through Ignorance thereof. He further declared; " that all His faithful Subjects were bound 16 by Law to be aiding and assisting in suppressing " the Rebellion, and that there could be no Doubt €t of the Protection which the Law would afford to " their Loyalty and Zealand that the Petitioners, in dutiful Obedience to the Call of their Sovereign, tod the Two Houses of Parliament, and, relying on the Justice and Protection thus held up before them* have* alone, stept forth from the great Body of British Subjects, who were equally called on, and equally interested in, the Public Safety, and, in Consequence of their loyal and zealous Exertions, have been deprived of their Fortunes by the Insurgents, and have besides encountered a Variety of the most imminent Dangers, and suffered extreme Distress, from which their Fellow Subjects have been entirely exempt, and for which this House can make them no adequate Compensation; and, that moreover the Estates and Fortunes of the Petitioners, which the British Government, by the essential Laws of its Union, was bound to regain, and restore to them, have been devoted and (ceded by that Government to the American States, as the Purchase and Price of Peace for the whole Empire; thus circumstanced, the Petitioners conceive, that they have, under the fundamental Laws of the British Constitution, the Resolutions of both Houses of Parliament, the Royal Faith pledged to them itt His Majesty’s Proclamation, and under all the Precedents of Parliamentary Justice, 011 similar, and much less meritorious Occasions, not only an equitable, blit ft lawful Right, to a just Compensation for their Estates and Property, so devoted to the National Peace and Safety* and nothing less than an equal Distribution of their Losses thus incurred among their Fellow Subjects, who are in the Enjoyment of the Benefits and Security so purchased at their Efcpence* tan be consistent with Law and Justice; and that in the Year 1783, sensible of the Justice due to the Pie* titioners, Parliament passed an Act, appointing Com-hiissioners to enquire into their Losses thus sustained* for the Purpose of making them due Compensation* and, the Commissioners, having investigated a large Number of their Claims, have made Tw*o several Reports thereof to the Lords of His Majesty’s Tre*" Vol. 40.

sury, which, the Petitioners have Reason to b&ievfe, American contain their Decision on what has been lost by the Loyalists, respective Claimants, who anxiously expected that the said Reports would have been laid before the House, in order that Compensation might be made to those comprehended in them; and that it is impossible to describe the poignant Distress under which many of the American Loyalists now labour, and which must daily encrease, should the Justice of Parliament be delayed until all the Claims are liquidated and reported, but the Petitioners would be greatly deficient in their Duty to their Constituents, if they should omit to represent to the Consideration of the House, that Ten Years have elapsed, since many of them havte been deprived of their Fortunes, and, with their helpless Families, reduced, from independent Affluence, to Poverty and Want, some of them are now languishing in British Gaols, others indebted to their Creditors, who have lent them Money barely to support their Existence, and who, unless speedily relieved, must sink more than the Value of their Claims when received, and be in a worse Conch tion than if they never made them; others have already sunk under the Pressure and Severity of their Misfortunes; and others must, in all Probability, soon meet the same melancholy Fate, should the Justice due to them be longer postponed, notwithstanding the temporary Support which the Petitioners thankfully acknowledge has been given from His Majesty’s Civil List, and re-imbursed by Parliament: but that, on the contrary, should Provision be now made for Payment of those whose Claims have been settled and reported, it will not only relieve them from their Distress, but give a Credit to the others, whose Claims remain to be considered, and enable all of them to provide for their wretched Families, and to become again useful Members of Society: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Case under Consideration, and make such Provision for the Payment of the Sums adjudged to be due to the respective Claimants* as the House shall think reasonable; or, if this cannot be done; in the present Session, That (he House would, by a Vote, now declare, that the Claims re* ported, and to be reported by the Commissioners, shall be considered as a Part of die Unfunded Debts Of the Nation; and, that if any Doubt should remain respecting their Right to the Sums reported to be due, that they may be beard by Counsel at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising die Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 5th Day of April 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 10th Day of October 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of such Monies as re* main in the Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Navy and Victualling Bills outstanding on the 29th of April 1785* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of an Act, made in die Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4< An Act for repealing an Act* u made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting td " His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be

" taken

o

° Ma

Ways and Means.

97 2

M taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire, u for travelling in the Manner therein mentioned, " and certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for u the Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time, and u upon certain Carriages therein mentioned, and for u granting other Duties in lieu thereof."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty an " additional Duty upon Stage Coaches, and other " Carriages therein mentioned."

Ordered, That it be. an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Provision to be made for discharging the Unfunded Debt of the Public.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have I^eave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Commercial A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the

with Ireland ^risto^ and Glasgow, whose Names are there-

’ under signed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, acting for themselves, and others concerned in the Commerce of Great Britain, having maturely considered the Consequences that must arise to the Trade of the Empire, if the Propositions now before the House for the Purpose of a Commercial Arrangement with Ireland should pass into a Law, are highly alarmed: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves and Counsel, relative to the general Effect such an Arrangement must have on the general Trade of the British Dominions.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their Petition, if they think fit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Treasurer of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Navy. th(J whole HousC)

to whom the Bill for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, was committed, be received Tomorrow* Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper Augmentation

A, 1785.

of the Salaries of: the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The Earl of Courtaum reported to the House, That Answer* their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would Addr{* be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 10® die Mail;

Anno 25° Georgii IIP Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Tote^ the Importation of Goods the Produce or Tral,e* Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Du tied.

Ordered, That Mr. Young do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Merchants, and others, Com ml concerned in the Importation and Exportation, and Gnio. in the manufacturing of Corn and Grain, within the City of Nexv Sarum, and Parts adjacent, and of the Mayor, Justices of the Peace, and others, principal Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the " Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe with Concern, that, by certain Clauses in such Bill, the Powers delegated to Grand Juries, at the Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties, by divers Acts of Parliament, to enquire and present, on their Oaths, the Prices of English Corn and Grain, iu order to regulate the Importation of Foreign Grain, are to be totally annihilated, and that, instead thereof, a new System is intended to be substituted, by vesting in a single Individual, in the City of London, a Power

jj.iSio.in.

to inspect the Weekly Returns of the Cornfactors at Ordered, That the said Petition Nlo lie upon the Mark Lane (by many of whom he is to be elected and Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, maintained) and to compute and form, from thence,

the Average Prices, which being laid before the The House being informed, that Mr. Prestwood, from Navy and Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called Victualling at their Quarter Sessions, and afterwards published in in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Bill8* the Gazette, are to be deemed (without the least their Orders,

Respect to the Difference and Fluctuation of the An Account of the Total Amount of all Navy and Average Prices in any other Part of the Nation) the Victualling Bills that were issued and outstanding pre-General Average Prices of this Kingdom, and the vious to the 1st Day of January 1785, with the Interest Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, as that will be due upon the same on the 5th Day of July well at London as at every Out Port, are to be ac- next ensuing: And also,

cordingly governed thereby; and that the Petitioners An Account of Monies applied to Navy and Vic-

apprehend, if such Clauses should pass into a Law, tualling Services for the Year 1784, over and above the

the most grievous Injuries and Distress would result Grants of Parliament for that Year.

therefrom to many Thousands of His Majesty’s Sub- And then he withdrew.

jects, and it would open a Door to Monopoly, Par- And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

tiality, and Inconvenience- The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Navy Office; 10th May 1785 '

An ACCOUNT of the Total Amount of all Navy and Victualling Bills that were issued and outstanding previous to the 1st Day of January 1785, with the Interest that will be due upon the same on the 5th Day of July next ensuing; prepared pursuant to a Precept from the; Honourable House of; Commons, dated the gth May 1785.

£ 6,520,509 16 —

2,985,307 16 6 -9,505,808 13 6

Navy Bills - - - Principal Interest

Victualling Bills - - Principal

Interest

£. s.

- .6,150,262 11 81

' 370,238 4 4J

- - 2,794,593 *4 4}

- - 190,714 2 '2j


The Whole amounting to the Sum of Nine Million Five hundred and Five thousand Eight hundred and Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence.

Chtf Middleton, Edztf1 Hunt, Geo. Marsh.

Vol, 40.

11 P

Navy

974

io® Matt.

A. 1785.

.Navy Office, 1 An ACCOUNT of die Monies which have been applied to Navy and Victualling in iotli May 1785. J the Year 1784, over and above the Grants of Parliament for the Service of that Year;

prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 9th Instant

Navy.

VfotaalKog.

TOTAL

Balance remaining on 31st December 1783, for Old Stores and clearing Imprest -Received in the Year 1784, for Ditto -

£ s. 2»,925 3 — 130,363 17 —

£ 19,766 12 6 109,824 11 10

£ ft 1 41,691 15 6f 240,188 8 10

Which has been paid as follows; viz'.

281,880 4

For Taxes on the several Offices, Dock Yards,

Navy.

&e*. - ....

For sundry Bills of Exchange drawn from the East and West Indies, Halifax, and other Parts abroad, and for various Services at home -Dir additional Salaries to the First Lord of the Ad* ' miralty, Treasurer of the Navy, Judges of the Admiralty Courts,' and sundry other Allowances to Officers of the Navy -

2,935 5 9

128,410 18 10

9,14613 n

140,492 18

2{

Paid by the Victualling; viz*.

By B»Ua of Exchange, Necessary Money, Contingencies, and Salaries, for the Commissioners, Officers, mid Clerks ——

By Salaries to a Superannuated Commissioner of the Victualling, and to the Secretary and Paymaster to the Charity for the Relief of Poor Sea Officers Widows- -

Victualling.

96,825 10 11

636 1 3

Balance remaining 31st December 1784, Navy and Victualling

97,461 12 2

--------237,954 10 4i

- - - £ 43,925 14 -

Chef Middleton, Edo/ Hunt, Geo. Marsh, Geo. Rogers.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as imposes Duties on all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not bang printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, was read the Third Time.

Resotoed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as imposes Duties on all Studs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Studs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained, and on Licence* for bfoaching or dying the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Joseph Wilkes, of Overseal, in the County of Leicester, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is One of the Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, made by virtue of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at or near Runcorn; and that a Bill is now depending before the House, for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey (commonly called The Grand Trunk Company) and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazelty, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent

Trent 81

Merey

CanaL

35 Geo. III. ioe M975

Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradiey Heath, in the County of Stafford, to in the said County,

by which Bill it is proposed, that the said Trent and Mersey Company, and Birmingham and Fazeley Company, shall make and compleat a Line of Canal or Cut, from Fradiey Heath to Fazeley, which belongs to, and ought to be performed by the Coventry Canal Company, in pursuance of the Powers vested in the said Coventry Canal Company, by an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and, by the said Bill, the Property of the said Grand Trunk Company is intended to be made a collateral Security for the Expence to be incurred in making their Part of the said Cut from Fradiey Heath to Fazeley, and thereby the Property of the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors of the said Grand Trunk Company, is exposal to Loss, and -may be much injured; and that in the said Bill is contained a Clause for enabling the said Coventry Canal Company to purchase and redeem the Property of so much of the said Cut from Fradiey Heath to Fazeley, as is intended by the said Bill to be vested in the said Grand Trunk Company, if the said Coventry Canal Company should choose so to do, within a certain Time therein specified; and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Property of the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors of the said Grand Trunk Company, will be subjected to an inevitable Loss and Expence, for, if the Undertaking of the said Cut from Fradiey Heath to should appear, and have the Prospect of producing an ample Revenue, the Coventry Company will have a Power to repossess themselves of the said Cut; but, should the Undertaking be attended with greater Expence than the Tolls arising therefrom will be likely to satisfy and compensate, then the Loss will fall upon the Petitioner, and the other Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Company: And the Petitioner, therefore, in Behalf of himself and the other Proprietors of the Grand Trunk Company, begs Leave to address himself to the Justice and Equity of the House, That neither the Property of the Petitioner, nor of the said Grand Trunk Company, may be invaded or diminished by the said Bill; and that he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, that it may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Navy Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do make the

Treasurer. Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, was committed.

Mr. Henry Dwidas accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report ia his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where: the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; ana, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed:

Duchy of Mr. Ord presented to the Home, according to Or-

Lancaster a.gju to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth

’ a e' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the " Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain " Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfr&nchige Copyhold and- Customary Tenements within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held Of the said Duchyand to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said

Vol.40.

Duchy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Cheesemongers of the Cities of Trent, Tame, London and Westminster, and of the Borough of South- &c. Canal. work, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to make navigable the Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, with some short Cuts connecting the rewith, from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, with several short Cuts branching therefrom; and that the Petitioners are considerable Dealers, and very materially concerned in the Carriage of Cheese, the Produce as well of the Counties through which the said Rivers so intended to be made Navigable run, as of the adjoining Counties; that Cheese is a valuable and perishable Article, and the Petitioners, and the Trade in general, have suffered very great Loss and Inconvenience from the Construction and Narrowness of Canal Boats, and, if the said Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, are made Navigable, the Petitioners apprehend that a considerable Advantage will arise in the Carriage of the Commodity in which they are concerned, as well as of other Goods and Merchandize, from the Construction and larger Size of the Boats that will be navigated upon the said Rivers, which will tend to the Decrease of the Rates of Tonnage and Freight, and be attended with greater'Safety and Dispatch: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that, when such Bill for making navigable the said Rivers Trent, Tame, and Anker, shall be presented, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, the same may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and also, of the Bailiffs, Commonalty, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Tam-worth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and ethers whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- Qj^son] tiering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Roads.

Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Kiddermin-the Bill for repairing, new pewing, seating, and erect- *ter Church, ing Galleries; and making other Alterations and Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in h» Place; end afterwards delivered the Bill, with

Wool-

combing.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Ways and Means.

P76 10° Maii. A, 1785.

the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then; a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 37. To leave out from "Yarn" to " Provided," in Pr. 18. 1. l.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

Ordered, That Sir George Howard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbet't reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel in Behalf of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Cities of Bristol and Glasgow; and that Mr. William Horton, One of the Persons who had signed the Petition of the Manufacturers of Shoes, and of Tanned and Wrought Leather, in the Town of Stafford, and Neighbourhood, had appeared in Support of the said last mentioned Petition, and had been examined by the said Committee; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of One Million be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged,

with Interest thereupon, oh or before the 5th Day of April 1786, to be exchanged and received in Payment in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Bills payable in Course of the Navy or Victualling Offices, or for Transports, which were dated on or before* the 30th Day of June 1783, who shall, on or before the 5th Day of June 1785, carry the same (after having had the Interest due thereupon computed up to the 5th Day of July 1785, and marked upon the said Bills at the Navy or Victualling Offices respectively) to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, shall have in Exchange for the same, from such Treasurer, or his Paymaster, or Cashier, a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Amount of the Principal and Interest computed thereupon, and the Persons who shall be possessed of such Certificates, upon Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be entitled, in respect of the same, to One hundred and Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings Capital Stock for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Pro-ortion for any greater or lesser Sum, such Capital tock to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1785, payable Half Yearly, in lieu of all other Interest, the said Annuities to be irredeemable until Twenty-five Millions of the Public Debt, bearing Interest at the Rate of either Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall have been redeemed or paid off; and that all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, such Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, made out between the said 30th Day of June 1783 and the 1st Day of January 1785, who shall, on or before the 5th Day of June 1785, carry the same (after having had the Interest due upon such of the said Bills as now bear an Interest, computed and marked upon the said Bills, to the 5th Day of July 1785, at the Navy and Victualling Offices, respectively) to die Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, shall have, in Exchange for the same, from such Treasurer, or his Paymaster, or Cashier, a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Amount of the Principal and Interest computed thereupon, after deducting therefrom a Sum at the Rate of Five Shillings pet Centum upon the Amount of such Principal and Interest for every Month, between the 1st Day of July 1783 and the Day on which such Bill was made out, and the Persons who shall be possessed of such Certificates, upon Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be entitled, in respect of the same, to One hundred and Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings Capital Stock for every One hundred Pounds contained in such Certificates, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, such Capital Stock to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1785, payable Half Yearly, in lieu of all Interest, the said Annuities to be irredeemable until Twenty-five Millions of the Public Debt, bearing Interest at the Rate of either Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall have been redeemed or paid off, the Whole of the said Annuities to be charged upon a Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament, and for which the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be a Collateral Security.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons interested in, or entitled unto, any Debentures payable out of His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, which were dated bn or before the 31st Day of December 1783, who shall, on or beforb the 5th Day of June 1785, carry the same to the Treasurer of

a 5 Geo. Ill; V io Mali. 977

His Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, and shall have the Interest of such Debentures computed after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Expiration of Fifteen Months from the Date thereof, to the *>th of July 1785, and shall, in Exchange for such Debenture, have a Certificate to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for every One hundred Pounds contained in the Amount of such Principal and Interest, and, upon Delivery thereof to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be entitled to One hundred and Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings Capital Stock for everyOne hundred Pounds Contained in such Certificate, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, such Capital Stock to be attended with Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of July 1785, payable Half Yearly, the said Annuities to be irredeemable until Twenty-five Millions of the Public Debt, bearing Interest at the Rate of either Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or Four Pounds per Centum pci' Annum, shall have been redeemed or paid off, and the said Annuities to be charged upon a Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament, and for which the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be a Collateral Security.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties riow charged upon Male Servants, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raSsing the Supply granted to His Majesty* there be charged upon and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by every Person who shall retain or employ any Male Servant, or Servants, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several Yearly Sums following, that is to say, for One Male Servant, and not more than Two Male Servants, the Sum of One Pound Five Shillings each; for Three, and not more than Four Male Servants, the Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings each; for Five, and not more than Seven Male Servants, the Sum of One Pound Fifteen Shillings each; for Eight, and not more than Ten Male Servants, the Sum of Two Pounds each; and for Eleven Male Servants, and upwards, the Sum of Three Pounds for each, except those Servants who shall be retained or employed solely for the Purposes of Husbandry or Manufactures, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Master or Mistress of such Servants earn a Livelihood or Profit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a proportionable Part of the said Duties be applied to the Uses to which the former Duties were applicable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to |iis Majesty, there be charged and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by every Person who shall retain or employ any Female Servant, or Female Servants, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several Yearly Sums following, that is to say, for One Female Servant, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence; for Two Female Servants the Sum of Five Shillings each; and for Three or more Female Servants, the Sum of Ten Shillings each; except those Servants who shall be retained or employed solely for the Purposes of Manufactures, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Master or Mistress of such Female Servants earn a Livelihood or Profit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every House, or other Building, now, or hereafter to be erected, any Part of which shall, for the Time being, be used as a Shop publicly kept open for the Purpose of carrying on any Trade, or in which shall be gold any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by Retail, or upon every Building, or Place, used as a Shop only for the Purposes before mentioned, there Vojl. 40.

shall be charged a Yearly Duty, according to these- Waysan^ veral and respective Rates following, thereon, over Means, and above all other Duties now payable, that is to say, for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Five Pounds, and not exceeding Ten Pounds, the Annual Sum of One Shilling in the Pound of such Rent; for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Ten Pounds, and not exceeding Fifteen Pounds, the Annual Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence in the Pound of such Rent; for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Fifteen Pounds, and not exceeding Twenty Pounds, the Annual Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence in the Pound of such Rent; for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Twenty Pounds, and not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, the Annual Sum of One Shilling and Nine Pence in the Pound of such Rent; for every such House, or other Building, or Place, of the Yearly Rent or Value of Twenty-five Pounds, and upwards, the Annual Sum of Tw'O Shillings in the Pound of such Rent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now charged upon, and payable by, Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Rates and Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act,

" made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be " taken out by all Persons letting Horses to Hire for " travelling, in the Manner therein mentioned, and " certain Duties on all Horses let to Hire for the " Purposes of travelling Post, and by Time, and " upon certain Carriages therein mentioned/* and for " granting other Duties in lieu thereof;’* and also, by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty " upon Stage Coaches, and other Carriages therein " mentioned," shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid and payable, except only such Monies as shall have been received, or shall be payable, by the several Postmasters, Innkeepers, and other Persons, for and on Account of the said Rates and Duties, and which shall be unaccounted for and unpaid by them to the several Collectors appointed, by virtue of the said Act, to receive the same, and the several Bonds given in pursuance of the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, who shall let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or being a Person usually letting Horses to Hire, shall let to Hire, for a Day, or any less Period of Time, any Horse for drawing any Coach, Chaise, or any other Carriage, used in travelling Post, or otherwise, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rates or Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise now are made payable by any Statute or Statutes heretofore made, and now in Force, shall yield and pay Annually unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for and in respect of every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling Post, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, there be charged a Duty of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse shall be hired to travel Post, such Duty to be paid

11 Q by *

Ways and Means.

978 10° Mail. A. 1785.

by the Person or Persons by whom such Horse shall be so hired or used.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for and in respect of every Horse hired for a Day, or less Period of Time, for drawing on a Post, or other public lload, any Coach, Chaise, or any other Carriage used in travelling Post, or otherwise, by whatsoever Name such Carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rates or Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise now are made payable by any Statute or Statutes heretofore made, and now in Force, there shall be charged, if the Distance shall be then ascertained, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny per Mile, and, if the Distance shall not be then ascertained, there shall be charged the Sum of One Shilling and Niue Pence, for and in respect of each Horse so hired, such Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons, by whom such Horse shall be so hired or used.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, or other Carriage, with Four Wheels, or any Calash, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage, with Two Wheels, by what Name soever the same now is, or hereafter shall be, called or known, to be employed as public Stage Coaches, or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in tha Kingdom of Great Britain, shall yield and pay Annually unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five Shillings for a Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, or other Carriage, with Four Wheels, and every Calash, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage, with Two Wheels, by what Name soever the same now is, or hereafter shall be, called or known, to be employed as public Stage Coaches, or Carriages, for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, there shall be charged a Duty of One Penny for every Mile such Carriage shall travel, to be paid by the Owner or Owners thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a proportional Part of the said Duties be applied to the same Uses - as the former Duties were applicable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be raised, levied, collected, and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by all Persons uttering or vending, in Great Britain, any Gloves, or Mittens, made of Silk) Leather, or any other Material, by Retail, a Stamp Duty of One Shilling, for a Licence to be Annually taken out for that Purpose.

Rcsolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon every Pair of Gloves or Mittens, above the Value of Four Pence, and not exceeding the Value of Ten Pence, a Stamp Duty of One Penny; and of the Value of Ten Pence, and under the Value of One Shilling and Four Pence, a Stamp Duty of Two Pence; and above the Value of One Shilling and Four Pence, a Stamp Duty of Three Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, all Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, or within the Distance of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, shall take out an Annual Licence, and be charged with a Stamp Duty of Ten Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, all Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker in any other Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall take out an Annual Licence, and be charged with a Stamp Duty of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowances for Waste on White and Refined Salt, and Rock Salt, carried Coastwise, be reduced.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be ‘issued and applied the Sum of Sixty-six thousand One hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, now remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions Two hundred Ninety-seven thousand Four hundred and Sixty Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

The Six First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Seventh Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

| 97-

Tellers for the Noes,j^j* Creuv: ^'^’ } *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, upon the 25th Day of April last, was reported from the Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agred to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted " to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the " Sum of Seven hundred and Two thousand Five " hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and "One Penny Halfpenny, remaining in the Exchequer " on the 5U1 Day of April 1785, of the Surplus of the " Sinking Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament."

The House was also moved, That the Resolution, which, upon the 28th Day of April last, was reported 7 . from.

25 Geo. III. I0° — II0 Mali.

919

s from the Committee of the whole House to whom it was

referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz'.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Two hundred Thirty-u one thousand Five hundred and Seventy-eight %t Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence, being " the Amount of Stoppages, Respits, and other Monies, remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster " General of His Majesty's Forces, be applied towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and- other Services, incurred between the 25th Day of December 1783 and " the 24th Day of December 1784, arid not provided " for by Parliament.’’

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported fropi the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do make Provision in' the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now read.

Elections — Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now

County read.

ote#* And the Order of the Day being read, for taking into

further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to’whom the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be re-committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Debate be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day;

Which last mentioned Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee, that Forty Members were not present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

4 The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol* 40*

Mercurii, 11° die Malii Anno 250 Georgii IIItH Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to repeal Part of an Act, passed ttichmond in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for l,°or the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the -Highways, the paving, cleansing lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish; of; Richmond, aforesaid, and for the Removal and Pre-r vention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroach* rnents therein, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. r

Ft. 32. 1. 15. To leave out from " Poor " to " And," in Pr. 33. 1. 9.

m Pr. 33. 1. 29. After "so" to insert " to be*"

1. 30. To leave out u aforesaid," and insert " herein after is mentioned,’* instead thereof.

Pr. 55. 1. 18. After " Richmond'* to insert " in " case the said Vestrymen, or " any Thirteen or more of them,

" shall deem Part of the said " Commons fit and proper for " a Burial Ground."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, *An Act to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes' in the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid, for the Removal arid Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments therein; for inclosing certain Commons, or Waste Land, within the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor, and to enable the Vestrymen of the said Parish to erect a Workhouse thereon, and to purchase Land for a Burial Ground; and also, to enable His Majesty to shut up a Lane within the said Parish, called Love Lane.

Ordered, That Mr. Ambler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, appointed British to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and Fisheries, into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the same, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

That the Committee had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

JV. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

p8o n° M. ^2. 1785.

Stanbridge Mr. Thistlethwayte reported from the Committee, to

Lane Roads. wj,om the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at StoCkbridge, and from the Garden of Henry Hattat, at Airbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderley, and from Lockerly Mill Stream to East Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his flacej and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upoii the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be mgrossed.

Com and A Petition of the Magistrates, Merchants, and chief

Grain. Inhabitants of the Town and Port of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and u ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of " Corn and Grain, within several Ports and Places <c therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, the said Bill contains sundry Clauses, which, if passed into a Law, would be productive of much Injury and Distress to great Numbers of His Majesty’s Subjects; and that the Principle of the said Bill, which proposes to divest the Grand Jurors, at Quarter Sessions, of the Power delegated by former Acts, which authorized them to ascertain and certify the Average Prices of Grain within their respective Counties, and transferring such Authority to an Individual in London, is d dangerous Innovation, and that the Average Prices of Grain in the London Market can never be a Criterion for the whole Kingdom, the Experience of any particular Month in the Year will sufficiently prove; and that the Petitioners, in common with some Millions of His Majesty’s Subjects residing at a great Distance from the Metropolis, apprehend a Variety of evil Consequences from the proposed entire Change in the System which has long been attended with such happy Effects in permitting, as the Necessities of the Times required, either the Importation or Exportation of Grain at the Ports of the respective Counties; and, the Petitioners conceive, this Privilege would be frequently infringed, if not totally abrogated, by the said Bill, as the Average Prices of Com in the London Market may frequently, from a Variety of Circumstances, exceed the limited Importation Prices at the very Time when the Average Prices at the Out Ports ‘may be at, or under, the limited Prices for Exportation, and so vice versa; and that, when the ^Averages Prices at the London Market prohibit the Importation of Foreign Grain, the Average Prices in the Northern Part of the Kingdom may be, as they have frequently been at former Periods, in the Proportion of Sixty to Forty-eight, and, in such Circumstances, the Petitioners, and great Numbers of

His Majesty’s Subjects, can have no Alternative but by having recourse to London for a Supply, which, when loaded with the additional Expences of Freight, Insurance, Commission, 8$c. will occasion an Advance of at least Sixteen per Cent. above what the Inhabitants of London will be charged, and , an unsur-mountable Disadvantage will arise from such Circumstances', as the Grain cannot be brought through so tedious a Passage without receiving evident Damage, as a Proof of which, the Petitioners wish to advert to the constant Practice of Underwriters, who uniformly refuse to insure Grain otherwise than free of all partial Damage: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent the said*

Bill from passing into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and other Corn and Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, whose Names are Grain, thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House,' and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, the Petitioners apprehend, the Object of such Bill is, that the Prices of Cora and Grain, throughout the Kingdom, should be regulated from the General Average Prices thereof at Mark Lane, within the City of London, to be ascertained in such Manner as in the said Bill is mentioned, and, that from thence, the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, as well at London as at every Out Port, should be governed, without any Reference to the Difference and Fluctuation of the Prices in different Markets; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Law, as it now stands, with respect to the Importation and Exportion of Corn and Grain, has been attended with great Advantage, and that, at present, the Prices are fairly and impartially ascertained in the Country by Persons most competent to the Subject, but, on the contrary, the Petitioners apprehend, that the Plan, for regulating the Prices of Corn and Grain, proposed by the said Bill, is liable to very great and serious Objections, and, if passed into a Law, will subject the Petitioners, and all Persons resident in Parts of the Kingdom at any considerable Distance from the Metropolis, to great Inconvenience, Injury, and Oppression: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and that the said Bill, in its present Form, may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as materially affect their Interests.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to xvhitecl whom the Bill for amending and keeping in Repair, the Roads. Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenficldy and the futhermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the Causeway, in the Parish of Law Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodford next Chigzvell; and through the Parishes of Chigzvell and Lambourne, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and other Estates, in the Parish of Christ Church, in the County of Middlesex* was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

a Second |

as Geo. III. ii° Maii.

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Commercial A Petition of the Tanners of London, was presented Intercourse to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the with Ireland. Petitioners, during the Time that the Propositions for settling the Commercial Treaty with Ireland, now before the House, have been pending, have been anxious to procure every Degree of Information on that complicated Subject, and, lest they should proceed on Misinformation, have deferred petitioning till this late Period, convinced, however, that if the proposed Regulations are passed into a Law, the Manufacture of Tanned Leather, already in a declining State, will be left in a Situation which will enable Ireland to rival her in this Staple Commodity of the Kingdom, and render the various Disadvantages under which this Country now labours perpetual; and that the Petitioners are constrained, by a Sense of that Duty they owe to themselves, as well as to Posterity, and also from an ardent Wish for the Prosperity of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, to represent to the House the alarming Situation in which they conceive this important Branch of Manufacture . will be placed, and, confiding in the Wisdom of the House, express their Hopes, that such Measures may not be adopted in the Settlement of the Commercial Treaty with Ireland, as shall prove destructive to the Manufacture of Tanned Leather in this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the Propositions passing into a Law;

Ditto. A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council

of Montrose, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the many Advantages which would arise to Great Britain as well as to Ireland, if a permanent Treaty of Commerce between them could be established on Principles really reciprocal, but, as far as they are able to judge of the System contained in the Resolutions passed in the Parliament of Ireland, they cannot but regard them as big with Danger to the Trade, Manufactures, and "Landed Interest of this Kingdom; they consider them as particularly alarming with respect to the Linen Manufacture, the Staple Article of this Part of the Country, which is already in a declining State, the fine Fabricks being almost entirely engrossed by the Irish, and the coarser depending altogether on the Bounty granted in this Kingdom for Exportation; and that the Petitioners think that, on the Principles of natural Justice, Ireland cannot claim an equal Share of all the Commercial Benefit, without taking upon herself a proportional Part of all the Burthens of Great Britain: For these, therefore, and other important Reasons, which have been urged in the numerous Petitions already presented to the House, the Petitioners pray, That the House will not determine any Thing during the present Session of Parliament on a Subject when a Decision once given cannot easily be retracted, but will allow Time and Leisure to digest proper Measures for settling a Treaty which, 'in its Consequences, may so materially affect Ages yet unborn.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as delates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland Vol. 40.

OrderedThat the Order of the Day, for the Second Milton Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- School tuled, An Act for vesting a Cottage or Tenement, used IIous* as and for a School House, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in lieu of, or in Compensation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, situate apd being in the Town of Blandford Forum, of greater Value, be now read.

And the said Order beng read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Edmund Merton P ley dell, Thomas Gundry, Radford Gundry, Henry William Fitch,

William Whitaker, Henry William Portman, Jonathan Morton P ley dell, Richdrd Bingham, Charles Morton , Pleydell Bnme, David Robert Mitchell, Henry Bankes,

Francis John Browne, and Edmund Morton Pleydell, the Younger, Esquires, and George Bingham, William Chafin, and John Richards, Clerks, Feoffees of the School of Abbey Milton, in the County of Dorset; and also, the Petition of the principal Inhabitants of Abbey Milton, in the County of Dorset, and of the several Parishes and Hamlets of Hilton, Austy, Stickland, Whatcombe, Whitchurch, Milborn Saint Andrezv, Mil-born Stileham, Dewlish, Chcsslebornrue, Melcombe Horsey, and Newton, in the said County of Dorset, near to, and adjoining to Abbey Milton aforesaid, were also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Petitions against the said Bill, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides w ere directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, £ ^M} 214'

Tellers for the Noes, RoUel’ ' J 103.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committted to Mr. Darner, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and all who come to the Committee, are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue, and render Paisley Two more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Pennies Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Scots# the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew; for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes, be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant May.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Elections — night, the 23d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the xPence*

Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

n R Embed,

_by Googf

11° — -12° .

982

Elections — Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-County night, the 23d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself

oters* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

Commercial A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That wTt^lrelwad ^anners London, who petitioned the House this r ’ Day, in Relation to the Irish Propositions, and whose Petition was ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes, J 261.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ditto. A Petition of William Robertson, in Name and Be-

half of himself and of the oilier Partners of the Iron Manufactory at Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, under the Name and Firm of William Robertson and Company, of Thomas Edington, for himself, and in Behalf of the other Partners of the Iron Manufactory at Cramond, in the County of Edinburgh, under the Firm of Cadells and Edington, and of Peter Murdoch, for himself, and in Behalf of the other Partners of the Iron Manufactory at Dalnottar, in the County of Dumbarton, under the Firm of Murdoch, Gillies, and Company, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners on the Day

of March presented their Petition to the House, praying, that their Case being taken into Consideration, the House will grant to the Petitioners, for themselves and Partners, such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and that the Petitioners in their said Petition omitted to pray that they might be heard, by themselves or Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the Resolutions in the said Petition mentioned being earned into a Law, and, in consequence of such Omission, Leave hath not yet been granted for the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves or Counsel: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, upon the Matter of the said Petition, and against the Resolutions therein stated being carried into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their former Petition;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " and that the " Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves " or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support " of their former Petition."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed 0 be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

A. 1785.

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of the being read; House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House be now called over;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words upon this Day Four u Months/’

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fGeneral Burgoyne, 1

Tellers for the Yeas,s Sir Philip Jennings > 176.

[ Clerke: J

fThe Marquis of 1

Tellers for the Noes,< Graham, \ 242.

[Mr. Marsham: J

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon " this Day Four Months " be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Four Months.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing Rothwell a certain Open Tract of Land, or Parcel of Unin- Heigh Inclosed Ground, called or known by the Name of closurc* Rothwell Haigh, within the Parish of Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 19th Day of this Instant May.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Scotland — Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Judges of House, to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session 1 and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die Mali;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1785*

Praters.

APETITION of the Gentleman, Proprietors Commerct;

of the County of Dumfries, was presented to the Ipt*rcouro House, find read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, With Ir""

under

25 Geo. III. 120 M083

under the deepest Sense of the dangerous and destructive Tendency of the Propositions for a Commercial Intercourse with Ireland, now under the Consideration of the House, did, 'in the firmest, though most respectful Terms, signify to the Public their Sense of that important Measure, in a Resolution unanimously adopted at a Meeting called for that special Purpose, on the 14th Day of March last; and that the Petitioners are confident, that the general and decided Voice of the whole Commercial and Manufacturing Interest of Great Britain, confirmed by the Evidence which has been given at the Bar of the House, in Support of the numerous Petitions that have already been presented, must induce the House to reject a System which cannot be adopted, in its present Form, without ensuring Ruin and Destruction, not only to the Manufactures of these Kingdoms, but to the Landed Interest, as, by the unrestrained Importation of Grain from Ireland to Scotland, so anxiously guarded against by the Treaty of Union, the Value and Rents of Lands must immediately fall, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners, apprehending the only Constitutional Mode of submitting their Grievances on this Occasion to the Consideration of Parliament, to be by presenting a respectful Petition to the House, do therefore pray, That those Propositions, big with Destruction to the Landed Interest of Scotland in general, and to the County of Dumfries in particular, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great B?'itain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Merchants, Factors, and others concerned in the Importation and Exportation, and in the Manufacturing, of Corn and Grain, within the Port of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the lleign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, u An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the (€ Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe with Concern, that, by certain Clauses in such Bill, the Powers which have, for a great Number of Years, been vested in the Grand Juries at the Quarter Sessions in the several Counties, by divers Acts of Parliament, to enquire and present, on their Oaths, the Prices of English Corn and Grain, in order to regulate the Importation of Foreign Grain, are to be totally annihilated, and, the Petitioners conceive, the Provisions already established for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Grain, which have stood the Test of so many Years Experience, are founded in great Wisdom and sound Policy, having for their Basis the Encouragement of Agriculture, the Promotion of Trade and Navigation, and the general Benefit of the Public, therefore the Petitioners are justly alarmed lest any Alteration thereof may be attended with very pernicious Effects; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the intended Bill has for. its Object a dangerous Monopoly (however specious the Pretence) and, if suffered to pass into a Law, would be highly injurious to the Kingdom in general, and to the County of Devon in particular, as it would be in the Power of a few opulent Vol. 40.

and interested Individuals so to manage the Average Prices of Corn in Mark Lane, as to prevent the Export and Import thereof at any of the Out Ports of the Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their most serious Consideration, and that the Regulations for the Import and Export of Corn and Grain may remain as they now stand, without any Alteration whatsoever.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Burgesses, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, the Petitioners conceive, the Provisions already established, as to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, are founded in Wisdom and true Policy, and are extended to the general Benefit of the Public, therefore the Petitioners fear any Innovation - or Alteration thereof, as intended by the present Bill, may have a very dangerous Effect, especially as it carries a strong Appearance of a Monopoly and Partiality to the London Market; and that the Petitioners apprehend, the providing against Calamities that may happen for Want of, as w^ell as supplying, the Necessaries of Life, by the quickest Dispatch, and most reasonable Manner, has been ever the Object of Legislative Attention, and therefore conceive, that, should the present Bill pass into a Law, these salutary Measures will be defeated, as too much Time will be taken up in notifying the Prices of Grain to the remote Parts of the Kingdom, by which Means, in Times of Scarcity, many Thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects may be reduced to the greatest Distress: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent the said Bill from passing into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table* until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Commit- Cordage tee, to w hom the Bill for more effectually preventing Manufacture. Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for draining, preserving, and im- Beverley,&c. proving certain Low Lands and Carrs, in the several DnunaSe-Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving Beverley,lc. certain Lands, Grounds, Carrs, and Common Pastures, Inc08ure* in Woodmansey, Theame, Weel, and Skidby, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved,

t%* Mali: A. 1785.

Embed, That the BiH do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, radkteitfg, and improving certain l»ands, Grounds, Carrs, and Common Pastures, in Woodmansty, Thetome, Wed, and Skidby, all in the Parishes of Saint John ih Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Ridkig of the Cdunty of York.

Ordered, That Mr. buncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Foffont, &c. Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to

Ifidosure. whom the Bill for dividing and allotting the Open

and Common Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Foffont, SwaUvwclift, Ebesborne Wake, Broadchalk, B&werchalk, Afoedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield\ in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with 5 and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 1,454 Acres and 2 Roods of the Lands to be divided and allotted, who did not chuse to sign, but made no Objection to the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of 162 Acres and 3 Roods, who could not be met with, or were written to and returned no Answer, and the Proprietor of 9 Acres, who is insane; and also, the Proprietors of 936 Acres and One Rood, who refused to sign the Bill, but do not oppose; and that the Whole of the Lands to be divided and allotted contain 8,506 Acres and One Rood; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Colliguqtfs Mr. Call reported from the Committee, to whom the Kat- ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

naturalizing William Henry CoUignon, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Call do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the sarhe, without any Amendment.

Spirits TJie House being informed that Mr. Holdsworth,

seized. from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Foreign and Home?made Spirits seized by the Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise since the 1st Day of October last, together with an Account of the Quantities of each staved and destroyed in pursuance of the Directions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perusecl by the Members of the House.

4

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dot»<» Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last ^ttonStd Session of Parliament, as imposes Duties on all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tobegj for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Yarmocth Act for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Br^e,ic‘ Great Yarmouth, and for enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable,. the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ramsgate Act for better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market House, and holding a public Market in the said Vill; without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sooiki Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to High-gate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stock-well, to Brirton Causeway; and from Newington to the East End of PeckHam Lane; and from Camberwell Green, to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid, to Witchcrm, in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bisl^ Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en- jW larging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Eighth Roat"' Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brocton to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Holbrooke, in the Parish of buffield, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, An Upper Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Com- DC5S3i monable Places, within the Parish of Upper Clatford, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment:

And also.

Tin

Osgathorpe

Inclosure.

2$ Geo. nr. 12° Mail

t

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waste Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgathorpe, in the County of Leicester, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Donnington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An aBaioe Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common c osure. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, logs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Donnington upon Baine, in the County of Lincoln, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And , also,

'WimBorne The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Minster 'for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Inclosure. Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Common Meadows,

and for draining and improving certain Common Moors, within the Parish of Wimborne Minster, in the County of Dorset, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Rotes'Estate. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Cotes, Esquire, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Topp's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

'Estate. for vesting Part of the Estates of John Topp, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and the Costs of Suit, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and for discharging Part of the Estates so vested from a perpetual Yearly Rent Charge, and for subjecting Part of the said John Topp’s devised Estates to the Payment thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for vesting Part of the Estates of John Topp, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery* in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and the Costs of Suit, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and for discharging Part of the Estates so vested from a perpetual Yearly Rent Charge, and for subjecting Part of the said John Topp’s devised Estates to the Payment thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cotes’Estate. An ingrossed BiH from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Cotes, Esquire, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Stafford, m Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Cromarty Mr. Dempster presented to the House, according to Harbour, &c. Order, a BM1 for the better preserving and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Cromarty, in North Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aruhdel

Paving.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of Messuages or Lands, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the BUI for Vol; 40.

the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets,

Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that there are various Clauses in the said Bill which materially affect the Petitioners, and which may be very injurious to them and their Property: And therefore praying* That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, before the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, against such of the Claused in the said Bill as affect the Petitioners, or any of them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Sir James Langham presented to the House, ac- Banbury cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term, and Road, explain and amend the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the " County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottcsbach, to the South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of " Luttei'worth, in the County of LeicesterAnd the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, ac- p]ate Qjass cording to Order, a Bill for repealing Part of an Manufacture Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate ic certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within €€ the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more et effectually supporting and conducting the same a upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner,

" calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass, for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company shall be charged: And the same was received; ^ntf read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, to whom New Sarum the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Council City of New Sarum; and aldo, the Petition of the Mayor Mouse, &c. and Commonalty of the City of New Sarum, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined thq Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the same, as they appealed to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, John Blake, Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Council House, the Guildhall, and the Common Gaol^ within the said City, are very ancient Buildings, and are become very ruinous, and unfit for the several Purposes to which they are appropriated; and that it is necessary (he said Buildings should be taker! down, and a new Council House, Guildhall, and Common Gaol, erected upon the Scites thereof, or on some other convenient Place within or near the said City.

That divers Fairs and’ Markets are holden within the said City, and it would be a* Benefit and Con^ I

vcrtieuce to the Inhabitants of the said City, and aR

11 S: Persons

>86 Ma A. 1785.

Persons frequenting the Fairs, if some Provision was made for regulating them, and ascertaining and regulating the present Tolls at the said Fairs and Markets, and allowing a small Toll to be taken for certain Cattle exposed to Sale there.

That Persons canning Chairs for Hire within the said City frequently demand exorbitant Fares, and otherwise misbehave, ana there is no Power to license or regulate such Persons; and that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants, if Power was given to regulate the Chairmen, and ascertain their Fares.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Removal and Re-building of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of New Sarwn; and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City: And that Mr. Bouverie and Mr. Hussey do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Wharton's The Lord Gallway reported from the Committee, Estates. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Anthony JVhart on, Esquire, deceased, situate and being in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Surplus of the Purchase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes, therein expressed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Gallway, do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Oscathorpe The House proceeded to take into Consideration the indoiure. Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Waste Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgalhorpe, in the County of Leicester.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed); viz. s

Pr. 30. 1. 15. After " made" insert " other than

of and except the said Theophilus " Henry Hastings, and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time,

_ was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

DutyonGold The House was: moved, That an Act, made in the and Silver last Session of P$urliament, intituled, "An Act for Platt. " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also, certain Du- ties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending the said Act:* And that „ Mr. Rose, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Supply Bill; Mr* Rose presented to the House, according to Exchequer Order, a Bill for rawing a further Sum of Money, Bilit. by; Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One

9

thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Hawkereand Account of the Hawkers and Pedlars licensed accord- P^lar*. ing to Law, with their Names and Places of Abode, so far as the same can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ditto, Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties arising from the Licences on Hawkers and Pedlars.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Commercial others, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Man-Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Set- w ting forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible of the many Advantages which would arise, as well to England as to Ireland, from the Establishment of an equitable and permanent Treaty of Commerce with their Sister Kingdom, and are therefore far from wishing to impede Government from making such a Treaty; but, before the Resolutions of the Irish Parliament pass through the House, the Petitioners beg Leave to call its Attention to the following Facts and Considerations: The Petitioners beg Leave to inform the House, that, prior to the Excise Laws being introduced into the Cotton Manufactures of England and Scotland\ a very formidable and successful Experiment was made in Ireland to establish that most valuable Manufacture, and since the Introduction of the said Excise Laws, which operate as a considerable Bounty on the Irish Manufacture, the Petitioners have every Reason to apprehend that the British Market itself will soon be supplied from Ireland, should these Resolutions pass into a Law: That, besides the Excise Laws under which the Cotton Manufacture now groans, the Petitioners beg Leave to draw the Attention of the House to other Circumstances, highly advantageous to Ireland, the Cheapness of Provisions, the Difference in the Price of Labour, the almost total Exemption from internal Taxation, comparatively with England: That the raw Material, in some Branches of the Manufacture of Manchester, is the Product of Ireland; that this Material can be carried through the first Stages of the Manufacture much cheaper in Ireland than in England; that when in this Stage, namely, Linen Yarn, it is essentially necessary to the carrying on several Branches of the Petitioners Business; that they have purchased Annually, upon an Average of Four of the last Years, Linen Yarn to the Amount of £-176,531. 8 s. 9 d. and of Worsted Yarn to the Amount of £.36,079. 6$. 3^. making together the Sum of £.212,610. 155.; that these raw Materials the Petitioners pay, upon some of them, above £. 10 per Cent.; and, upon an Average of the whole Linen Yam, hot less than £ 7 £ per Cent, more than the Irish Manufacturer, in Duties imposed by Ireland, and in Freight, Insurance, Commissions, and sundry other Charges; and that, if this Yam was to be spun in England, it would come much dearer to them, from the greater Expence of Living, and the heavy internal Taxation under which the Petitioners labour; and that the Petitioners hope, when the House considers the many Advantages Ireland will enjoy over England, that, in order to create and establish a fair and equitable Treaty between the Manufacturing Interests of both Nations they will think that no Treaty ought to be made but what is established upon such Principles of Equity that will preclude each Country from any just Cause of Complaint; but the Petitioners observe, with equal Sorrow and Surprize, that, when the Terms of the present Resolutions are compared with the local Situations, and other Circumstances of the Manufacturers of the Two Kingdoms, the Advantages appear to be

d

25 Geo. in.

12' Mail.

987

11 on one Side, all in Favour of Ireland; and the Petitioners beg Leave to state the Disadvantages they labour under now, and have for some Time suffered in their Foreign Markets, through the partial, not to say impolitic, Laws in Favour of Irish Linens, to the Exclusion of other Linens from our Market, and the Depression of our own: In Russia there is now existing an Impost of £.30 per Cent. ad Valorem, upon some of our English Manufactures, and in Germany a prohibitory Edict is now hovering over our Heads, suspended for a short Time, but which, in all Probability, the Determination of the British Legislature on the Irish Resolutions will decide; but, instead of leaving an Opening for a Commercial Regulation with those States who are so able, and have hitherto shewn themselves willing, upon the Principles of Reciprocity, to increase, in a very considerable Degree, the Consumption of British Manufactures, the Legislature of this Country should preclude themselves from the Power of hearkening to fair and advantageous Offers, and should lightly and precipitately bind themselves from ever doing so, it may merit the most serious Consideration of die House, what Measures the Petitioners, as Subjects and Manufacturers of this Nation, are to expect from Powers so circumstanced; but the Petitioners do not confine their Views to the Danger arising, immediately and directly, from these Resolutions, as affecting the Manufacturers of Man-Chester only, but feel themselves equally entitled, as Subjects of this Country, to protest against all the Propositions, taken aggregately, as , a new and destructive System of Commercial Policy, particularly the 2d, 3d, and 5th Resolutions, which, by universally undermining the Commercial Interests of Great Britain, must consequently affect every Trade and Manufacture»within it, the Prosperity of which depend evidently upon the general Wealth, Commerce, and Prosperity of the whole Nation; the Interest of all the different Branches of Trade and Manufacture in a Country must ever be nearly the same; if a Nation is impoverished and depopulated by a general Decline of its Commerce, every particular Trade and Manufacture, which can only flourish from the Population and Riches of the whole Country, must languish and decline; if the Revenue be affected, as it must be by the Consequence of the 2d, 3d, and 5th Resolutions upon general Commerce and Manufactures, new Burthens must fall upon the Subject, and upon all the Necessaries of Life in this Country, and these new Imposts must operate as direct Burthens upon every Manufacture, the Cheapness of which depends on the Cheapness of Labour, and of the Materials of which they are composed; and that the Petitioners have too high a Sense of the Liberality and Generosity of the Irish Nation to suppose them capable of even wishing to rise to Greatness upon the Ruins of the British Nation: And therefore praying, That the House will reject the whole System before them, as unjust, unwise, unreasonable, and impolitic, not having either Equity, Equality, or Reciprocity, for its Basis.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

imercial A Petition of sundry Persons, on Behalf of them-

rcourse selves, and others, concerned in making, importing,

1 Ireland, or manufacturing, Pig and Bar Iron, and Jron Wares, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, understanding that sundry Re-. solutions of the House of Commons in Ireland', for the future Regulation of Trade between Great Britain Vo l. ¥)?

and Ireland, are to be taken into the Consideration of this House, and apprehending that the same, if adopted, will prove very injurious to this Kingdom at large, as well as to the Petitioners in particular, the Petitioners request to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Resolutions as appear to affect their particular Interest, and that of the iron Trade of this Kingdom in general.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their said Petition;

Mr. William Gibbons and Mr. Alexander Raby, Two of the said Petitioners, were severally called in to the Bar, and examined.

And then they were severally directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, in Support of their said Petition.

A Petition of the Tanners, and other Dealers iri Commercial Tanned Leather, in London, was presented to the Intercourse House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition has *lth Ireland* been already presented to the House by the Tanners of London, setting forth, in general Terms, the great Injury likely to be produced to the Manufacture of Leather, by the proposed Commercial Treaty with Ireland, in which Petition they did implore the Aid and Protection of the House, and to be allowed to lay the Particulars of their. Case before them, by Evidence, and to be heard by their Counsel upon it; and that the said Petition has, as the Petitioners are informed, been referred to the Committee on the Irish Propositions, but the House not having been pleased to permit any Counsel, or Witnesses, to be heard in Support thereof, nor to receive, in that Mode; the very important Information which was intended to be laid before the House, the Petitioners hope they shall not be deemed w anting in Respect to the House, if, upon a Subject in which they are Individually so deeply interested, and which on account of the Magnitude and Extent of the Manufacture, the Number of Persons employed in it, and the large Revenue Annually yielded from it to the Public, justly ought to be, and ever has been deemed, a great Object of National Concern, they presume to solicit the Attention of the House to some of the Facts which might have been substantiated by Evidence, if, to the Wisdom of the House, it had appeared proper to hear it, and upon which the Apprehensions ’ and Alarm of the Petitioners are principally founded;

The Petitioners conceive, that, in taking a comparative View of the State of this Manufacture in England and Ireland\ many natural ‘Advantages will be found to be possessed by the latter, exclusive of the general ones of Situation, which must, unless counterbalanced. by Regulations favourable to the English Manufacturer, unavoidably tend to depress the Manufacture of England, already very materially affected, if not to transfer the Whole of it to Ireland; and the Petitioners therefore beg Leave to observe, that Ireland, being a Grazing Country, abounds with Raw Materials for the Manufacture of Leather,‘ very considerable Quantities of which have been Annually exported to this Country, the Petitioners are not pre* pared to say, with Precision, what Quantities, but they believe, in some Years, not less than from 60 to 70,000 Raw Hides, and from 26" to 24,000 Dozen

of

*4* Mail,

88

Commercial of Calves Skins; the Importation of these Articles

Intercourse has been necessary for the Supply of the British Ma-

with Ireland. nafactories, as the Slaughter in these Kingdoms has been very insufficient for the Purpose, and of these Articles the Wares for the West. India Markets have been chiefly made; and the Petitioners beg Leave further to observe, that the English Tanner, buying the Raw Material in Ireland\ pays an Export Duty of about £.5 pet Cent. on the Value (Part of which Duty has been lately imposed by the Irish Parliament) his Expences of Salting, and other Charges, amount to £. 7 k pet Cent, which Expence of £.12 or £. i 2 i pet Cent. is Saved by the Irish Tanner; the Quality of the Goods is also unavoidably injured by salting or drying, the Only Methods of curing them for Exportation; add to which, the important Consideration of the Difference in the Price of Labour, not being less than £.30 per Cent, in a Manufacture carried on, principally by Labourers, in whom very little Skill is required: The Petitioners are aware, that it has been uYged, the Advantages Ireland has in her Raw Material is counterbalanced by the high Price which she pays for her Bark imported from this Country, and therefore beg Leave to state to the House what they know of this Pact, which is, that the Irish Agent can buy Bark &s cheap as the English Tanner, after which, no Dufy being imposed on that Article, it may, from the Vicinity of our Coasts to Ireland, be exported at a Freight of about 17$. per Ton, which is less than the Same Article costs by Land Carriage, to many of the British Manufacturers, and thus the Irish Tanner may have this important Article nearly as cheap as the Manufacturer of this Metropolis, and even cheaper than the British Tanner in some Parts of this Island; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to call the Attention of the House to the rapid Effects produced by these Advantages, since the Allowance given to their Operation by the Act of Parliament, passed in the Year 1780, since which Time, it appears, that the Imports of Raw Material into this Country have gradually declined, and the Exports of Manufactured Leather in Ireland have rapidly increased, its, by Reference to the Custom House Books of Ireland, they apprehend, will irtcontrovertibly appear, ted therefore the Petitioners think they may fairly Assume; that, no new Markets having been opened, those Customers have been served from Ireland, which were, before that Period, supplied from the English Market, and which, indeed, the declining State of the Manufacture of Tanned Leather, in this Country, fully evinces, it having gradually been falling in Price, owing to the diminished Demand for Exportation both of wrought and unWrought Leather, and which declining State of the Manufacture must soon have compelled the Petitioners to apply to Parliament for Relief; and that the Petitioners beg Leave ftlrther to State to the House, that, in the Article of Cut Leather (considerable Quantities of which are exported from this Country, and which being allowed no Drawback, go Abroad, with the full Duty of £. 15 per Cent. Whefeas Ireland having no internal Duty on ner Leather, and h Very trifling one on her Exports) the Irish Manufacturer will, if the present Propositions pass into a Law, be for ever enabled to undersell the Manufacturer of this Country by £. 15 pet Cent, a Consequence this, the Petitioners conceive to be truly alarming; and also the Petitioners beg Leave further to represent, that the Manufacture of Leather, in this Country, which has ever been considered as one of its staple Commodities, cannot, in the Conception of the Petitioners, be fully secured by any countervailing Duties, not only from the probable Inadequacy of them in any Mode of Regula-tidh, to the Duty paid by the English Manufacturer On the Whole Hide or Skin, but also because the Du-ife* Which AfA intended to countervail, amounting, as

A. 1785.

the Petitioners are informed, to about £. 25 per Cent* will hold out a strong Temptation for Smuggling;, which will be greatly facilitated by the close Package of Shoes, and Cut Leather; and that the Petitioners also conceive themselves bound1, under the present Circumstances, to represent to the House, the Injury that the Revenue must suffer by the Decline of the Manufacture of Leather, a Consideration, they apprehend, that enters deeply into this Question, anrf is, in the highest Degree, worthy the Attention of the British Legislature: That, labouring under these general Disadvantages in their Competition with the Irish Manufacturer, the Petitioners still hoped for Protection and Relief, from the Check which the Possession of Bark enabled England at any Time to impose on the Irish Trade, if such a Check was found necessary; the Petitioners also relied on deriving some Assistance from the Prohibition imposed on the Export of Raw Hides from England, by the Statute of the 13th and 14th of Charles the Second,

Chap. II. Sec. 7, under the Penalty of £.500, th*

Pain of perpetual Disability to trade or deal in Leather for the future, and the Danger of committing what the Legislature in that Act has declared to be a Common Nuisance; the Petitioners had also placed considerable Dependance on the Prohibitory Duties now imposed on any Leather, wrought or unwrought; imported from Ireland into this Country, whereby the English Market is preserved entire to the English Manufacturer; and the Petitioners therefore, with the deepest Concern and Alarm, find themselves no\V threatened with the Ruin of all these Hopes, and the utter Preclusion for ever of every possible Assistance and Support from them, should the Propositions now under Consideration be passed into a Law, whereby the Power of clicking the Article of Bark is for ever given up, the free Admission of the Irish tanned Leather and manufactured Goods are let into the English Market freed from the Prohibitory Duty, and an Option is left to Ireland, by the Seventh Proposition, of effectually excluding the English Manufacturer from the Purchase of Raw Hides in Ireland, by imposing the same Prohibition on the Export of them, that now exists in England on the Export of the same Article, a Danger, which the Petitioners conceive, they will not be deemed unwarranted in their Apprehensions of, from the recent Duty imposed on the Export of this Article by Ireland, and the additional Motives that will stimulate them to it, after they are furnished with the Means of manufacturing the Commodity at Home, for the free Supply of every Market, Domestic, English, and Foreign; and that the Natural Advantages enjoyed by Ireland in respect to this Manufacture, will in this Manner be left to have their full and uncontrolled Effect in Favour of the Irish Manufacture, and, at the same Time, the English Legislature will be for ever precluded from the Power of affording any Relief to the English Manufacturer, or of putting him on an equal Footing with the Manufactured in Ireland: All which Premises, the Petitioners implore the House to take into their Consideration, and to afford to the Trade and Manufacture of the Petitioners such Protection and Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Itolmer and Raby and Thomas Ellington Commercial was also presented to the House, and read; Setting Intercourse forth, That themselves and Partners have laid out with ,relaaA very large Sums of Money in erecting Works for manufacturing Iron Goods, and employ a considerable Number of Workmen; and that the Irish Propositions now depending before the House, if carried . into a Law, will be of great Prejudice to them, and, to the Trade in general, unless the Duty on Bar Iroa imported into both Countries is equalized: And

therefore praying to be heard, at thevjBar of the House, by themselves or Counsel, tQ shew the Danger

which

( — J

25 Geo. III. 120 —

which threatens this Kingdom in its Commercial Interest.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The Order of the Day being read;

Commercial The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Intercourse whole House, to consider further of so much of His with Ireland. Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had examined Mr. Alexander Raby, Mr. William Gibbons, and Mr. Thomas Edington, Three of the Persons who had signed the Petition of those concerned in making, importing, or manufacturing Pig and Bar Iron, and Iron Wares, in Support of the said Petition, and that the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Eight of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

Veneris, IS* die Maii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

Adjournment. IDE SO LV ED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Coxe’s Mr. rePorted from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Henry Hippisley Coxe, Esquire, in Somersetshire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant as well Leases of the Coal Mines as other Leases, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Vol. 40.

3° Maii. 989

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Assent Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Gi'eat Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as imposes Duties on all Stuffs made of Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, not being printed, painted, or stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same.

An Act for allowing further Time for the Importation of Goods the Produce or Manufacture of the Island of Tobago, upon Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Public Offices therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, c< An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty,

" by a Land Tax, to be raised-in Great Britain for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-five;" together with those named in Three former Acts, for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax, and with those named in the Land Tax Act of the Twenty-third Year of His! Majesty’s Reign, and in the Land Tax Act of this Session of Parliament.

An Act to impower the Justices of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery of Neugate, for the County of Middlesex, to continue to hold a Session of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, begun to be holden before the Essoign Day of Term and Sitting of the King’s Bench at Westminster', notwithstanding the happening of such Essoign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

An Act to enable the House of Commons to authorize the Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, to proceed, in case the said Select Committee shall be reduced to a less Number than is prescribed by an Act, made in 11 T the

Go

99°

13 "Mail d. 1785.

Royal Assent the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Bills. intituled, ct An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in " Parliament."

v An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills, in certain Counties or Districts of the Highlands, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences to Persons, living in the said Counties, or Districts, to distill Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Vill of Ramsgate, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for erecting a Market House, and holding a Public Market in the said Vill.

An Act for building a new Bridge over the Haven of Great Yarmouth, and for enlarging the Term, and altering some of the Powers, of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for clearing, depthen-ing, repairing, maintaining, and improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven, and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire.

An Act for amending and improving the Navigation of the River A run from Houghton Bridge, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Sussex to Pallenham Wharf in the Parish of Wisborough Green, in the said County, and for continuing and extending the Navigation of the said River Arun from the said Wharf called Pallenham Wharf to a certain Bridge called New Bridge, situate in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the said County of Sussex.

An Act to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, and to raise further Sums of Money for the better carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Tunstead and Happing, in the County of Norfolk.

An Act for opening an easy and commodious Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the new-extended Royalty on the North', and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, for that Purpose; for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the same; for re-building or improving the University; for enlarging the public Markets, and Communications thereto; for regulating certain Taxes; for lighting the said City; for providing an additional Supply of Water; for extending the Royalty of the said City; and for levying an additional Sum of Money for Statute Labour in the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Second and Ninth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post, on Haselderis Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Ash pledore Heath, and from Milkhouse Street, in the same Parish, to Castledens Oak, in the Parish of Biddenden, and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Tenterden, through Rolvenden, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Newenden, in the County of Kent.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the

Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lut-tencorth, in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from The Gibbet, or Lutterworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through the Parishes of Church-over, Brownsover, Newbold upon Avon, Rugby, and Bill on, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County, at or near a Public House, known by the Sign of The Cock, in the said Parish of Bilton.

An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Ipswich to South Town, and from the said Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone’s End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and: Kingston, and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell, to Brixton Causeway, and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane, and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads, and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid, to Witchcross, in the County of Sussex.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powders, of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brocton to the Turnpike Road at Minsterley, in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery; and for amending, widening, and keeping iu Repair, several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery.

An Act for vesting in Trust, for Peter Lord King, and his Heirs, the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of a Messuage, or Dwelling House, in Dover Street, in the County of Middlesex, devised and limited by the Will of Thomas Lord King, deceased, and for settling a Farm, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited by the same Will.

An Act for confirming an Exchange agreed upon between the Lord Bishop of Hereford and the Right honourable Charles Lord Sommers, of certain Estates in the County of Her ford.

An Act for confirming a Mortgage made by John Newnham, Esquire, of Part of his settled Estates in Sussex, pursuant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, and for enabling him to make a further Mortgage of his settled Estates, according to such Decree, and for discharging both Incumbrances with the Produce of his Estates vested in Trustees to be sold.

An Act for establishing and confirming an Agreement between the Warden and Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College of Winchester, near Winchester, in the County of Southampton, and their Lessee, and Robert Pope Blackford, Esquire, for Exchange of certain Grounds in the Parish of Whippingham, in the Isle of Wight, and County of Southampton aforesaid.

An Act for vesting Two Thirty-Sixth Shares of the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias Asland, in the County of Lancaster, Part of the settled Estates of Edward Holt, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be se^tl^d, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses. 1

1 An

Bridport Market House, &c.

Hanmer’s

Estate.

Shelley’s

Estate.

as Geo. III. 13" — 18 0 Mali.

An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers of Anthony Wharton, Esquire, deceased, situate and Chamber,

being in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold,

for Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Ipswich the same, and for laying out the Surplus of the Pur- journed Consideration of the Motion, made upon Section,

chase Money upon the Trusts, and for the Purposes Monday last, That the several Electors of Members

therein expressed, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, in

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Waste, the County of Suffolk, have Leave to withdraw their or Common, called Lizard Common, within the Parish Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return of Idsaly otherwise Skiffnaly in the County of Salop. for the said Borough.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and And Charles Aiexand r Crickift, Esquire, the Sitting

Waste Lauds called Frodington, otherwise Fraddingtm, Member, having, in his Place, acquainted the House, Otherwise Fratton Common, and South Sea Common and That he consented to the withdrawing of the said Wastes, in the Guildable Part of the Parish of Fortsea, Petition;

and County of Southampton. The House was moved, That the Order, made

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common upon the 25th Day of April last, for taking the said Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Kinner- Petition into Consideration upon Friday the 8th Day ley and Melverley, in the County of Salop. of July next, might be read.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Com- And the said Order being read accordingly;

mans and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Pick- Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

ering and Newton, in the North Riding of the County Ordered, That the said Electors have Leave to with-

of York. draw their said Petition.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, to whom Sidlesham

monable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the the Bill for dividing and inclosing an Open W aste, or Inclosure. Liberty of Holbrooke, in the Parish of Duffield, in the Common, in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the County of County of Derby. Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had exa-

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other House, of the '25th of April 1774, relative to Bills Commonable Places, within the Parish of Upper Clat- of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the ford\ in the County of Southampton. Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Open, and Common Fields, and Common or Waste concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Land, within the Lordship or Liberty of Osgathorpe, in Satisfaction of the Committee (except certain Per-the County of Leicester. sons whose Estates are assessed to the Poors Rate at

An Act to enable John Simpson (lately called John £-11. 17* per Annum; and that the whole Pro- Bridgeman) Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, perty of the Parties interested in the Inclosure is assess-to take and use the Surname of Simpson, pursuant to ed to the Poors Rate at 128. 8 s. per Annum; and the Will of William Sirnjmn, Esquire, deceased, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose also to bear the Arms belonging to the Family of the Bill j) and that the Committee had gone through Simpsotu the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

which they had directed him to report to the House;

Mr. Thomas Scott presented to the House, according and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards to Order, a Bill for taking down the Market House, delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the in the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once and re-building the same, together with the Session or read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Court House, in a more convenient Situation; for re- One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, moving the Shambles, or Butcher Row; for better pav- were agreed to by the House.

ing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Borough; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoy- ingrossed. ances; and for prohibiting the covering of any Houses or Buildings within the said Borough for the future The other Orders of the Day being read;

with Thatch: And the same was received; and read the Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and

First Time. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply,

to effectuate a Partition of the Estates of Job Hanmer, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the1 Esquire, the Reverend Erasmus Warren, Clerk, and Sir whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, in the Counties of to His Majesty.

Suffolk and Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Bramston, Mr. Rolle, See.: And they are to meet this Morning next, Ten of the Clock. v

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber. , —

991

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, and such of the* Estates of the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Baronet, deceased, which upon his Death descended to his Son Sir John Shelley, Baronet, an Infant, as his Heir at Law, in, Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Arden, Mr. Powney, &c.: And they are to meet this ' Vol. 40.

Mercurii, 189 die Mail;

Anno 25°. Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785.

Praters.

MR. Rose presented to the House*, according to Duties on Order, a Bill for altering and amending an{Gold and Act, made in the last Session of'Parliament, intituled, lver ae‘

" An

Supply Bill. Navy, &c. Bills.

Trent and

Mersey

Canal.

992

18° Mali. 1785.

" An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on " all Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also, certain " Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in " Great BritainAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Trent and Mersey Canal Navigation, and the Petitioners, to make a Navigable Canal, from the said Trent and Mei'sey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, which Bill recites certain Articles entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the said Trent and Mersey, Oxford, and Coventry Canal Companies, for the Ratification of a certain Agreement of Delegates from the said respective Companies, as also of a Set of Subscribers to a new Canal from the Coal Works to Birmingham, and from thence to Fazeley, held at Coleshill, upon the 20th Day of June 1782; and Alledging, That, by the Acts of Parliament passed for making the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, the Proprietors therein respectively incorporated, their Successors and Assigns, are entitled to' take Three Halfpence per Ton per Mile for all Coals navigated along such respective Canals, and, that Part of the original Line of the said Coventry Canal which lies between Atherstone and Fradley Heath, at the Time of the Meeting of the said Delegates at Coleshill, was, and still remains, unexecuted; and that the Petitioners understand, that the Meeting of Delegates at Coleshill was held with a View that the unexecuted Part of the said Coventry Canal from Atherstone to Fazeley, and the unexecuted Part of the said Oxford Canal from Banbury to Oxford, might be compleated, and that the then projected Canal from the Staffordshire Coal Mines to Birmingham, and from thence to Fazeley, was to be undertaken and executed, in order to supply the upper Parts of Warwickshire and Oxfordshire with Coal from such Staffordshire Mines, that Part of the Country having the retofore rested upon a Supply from the Warwickshire Coal Mines in the Neighbourhood of Bedworth and Griff; and that such Staffordshire Coal Mines lying more remote from the Warwickshire and Oxfordshire Markets than the before-mentioned Warwickshire Coal Mines by Forty-six Miles, it became absolutely necessary, from the Amount of Tonnage and Freightage upon the Staffordshire Coals in passing such Forty-six Miles, that they should afterwards pass along the Coventry and Oxford Canals at One Penny per Ton per Mile only, instead of Three. Halfpence, which was to be continued to be paid for the Navigation of the Warwickshire Coals, in order that the Staffordshire Coals might have a Chance of selling with the Warwickshire Coals at the above Markets; and that the Petitioners, fully relying that the Staffordshire Coals were to pass along the said Coventry and Oxford Canals at One Penny per Ton per Mile, and that the Warwickshire Coals were to continue to pay Three Halfpence per Ton, without future Reduction, for the Reasons above stated, agreed to extend their then Birmingham Canal from Birmingham to Fazeley, and to be

substituted in the Place and4 Stead of such new Subscribers, and, by an Act of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, are so substituted; and that the Petitioners, from the most indubitable Conviction that the Rates of Tonnage above mentioned were to* remain unalterable, have expended upwards of £. 20,000 in Part Execution of the Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-third of His said Majesty, and, if they should be obliged to extend their Canal from Birmingham to Fazeley, and to join the Proprietors of the said Trent and Mersey Canal in executing the unfinished Part of the said Coventry Canal lying between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, with the other Works authorized by the said Act of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, they must expend upwards of £. 80,000 more; and that, in the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Bill now pending was referred, a Clause hath been received, whereby all Coals, whether the Produce of Mines in Wanvickshire or Staffordshire, are authorized to pass upon all, or any Part, of the said Coventry and Oxford Canals, at one and the same Rate of Tonnage per Ton per Mile, and such Clause, though called a Clause of Equalization, is in Fact the very Reverse, and, if permitted to stand part of the Bill, will not only take away the very Foundation upon which alone the Petitioners would ever have consented to execute a Canal from Birmingham to Fazeley, or to have joined with the Proprietors of the Trent and Mersey Canal in finishing that Part of the Coventry Canal lying between Fazeley and Fradley Heath, but amounts so far to a Prohibition upon the Exportation oiStaffoi'dshire Coals into Warwickshire and Oxfordshire, as not to afford a Sum adequate to the Repairs only of the intended Canal, without calculating any Thing by Way of Profit or Interest upon the enormous Expenditure of £.100,000; and that the Petitioners have . hitherto preserved good Faith writh the several contracting Parties, and are yet desirous to proceed in the Execution of the Powers granted by the said Act of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, in case the true Spirit and Intention of the Meeting of Dele-. gates at Coleshill is strictly adhered to: And therefore praying, That the Clause received by the Committee for such pretended Equalization may be expunged from the said Bill, or that the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reten of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, is committed.

A Bill for taking down the Market House, in the Bridport Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and re- Market building the same, together with a Session or Court House' c House, in a more convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles, or Butcher Row; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Borough: for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any Houses or Buildings within the said Borough for the future with Thatch, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Thomas Scott, Mr. Cotes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The

Dudley

Canal.

25 Geo. III. 18° Mali. pp3

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second meat of the Debts affecting either of those Estates*

Reading of the Bill for extending the present Dudley and for vesting the Remainder in Fee Tail to the

Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands same Heirs, and under the same Limitations, as are of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of mentioned in the Deed of Entail thereof, bearing Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and com- Date the Twenty-ninth Day of December, One thou-municate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and sand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven, was committed; Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in That the Committee had examined the Allegations the County of Stafford; of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

upon Monday Morning next. to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the

Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Cote's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the

Estate#. for vest;ng par|- of foe settled Estates of John Cotes, Bill in at the Clerks 1 able.

Esquire, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and ' And the said Bilj was. read the Third Time.

Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for Resolved, I hat the Bill do pass.

Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Ordered, That Mr. Johnston do carry the Bill to the

Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was Bords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed read a Second Time. to the same> without any Amendment.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Hill, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Spalding,&e. Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to

Roads. whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Marys to Sutton Wash, in the said County, was committed; 'That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Donnington The House proceeded to take into Consideration upon Raine the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in-Inclosure. tituled. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Donnington upon Baine, in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 33. Leave out from " small" to " belonging" in 1. 35.

Pr. 16. 1. 10. Leave out from " inclosed" to " which" in 1. 13.

1. 27. Leave out from "small" to " except" in 1. 29.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, w'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Agnew’s Mr. Johnston reported from the Committee, to

Estates. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates of Barnbarroch and Shenchan, lying in the County of Wigton, and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to Robert Agnciv, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Pay-

Vol. 40.

Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to Cheltenham, whom the Bill for amending the Roads from a Place &c* Iloads-called Riff's Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road, at a Place called Pczcsdon Ash, and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilken-ncy, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painsuick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had, gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the'Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

W’here the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upoi> the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Alexander Brown, Dean of Guild of Glasgow the City of Glasgow, for himself and the other Mem- Two Pennief bers of the Town Council of the said City, was pre- Scots* sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act, passed " in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of " Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth of a Penny Sterling,

" on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended " or sold within the City of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the tillages of Corbels and Port " (rlasgoxv, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of " the said City and Villages;" and Setting forth,

That the Petitioner is satisfied that the Repeal, or any Alteration, of the said Act, would be highly injurious and detrimental to the Revenues of the said City:

And therefore praying to be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the said Bill being passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill le read, a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if lie thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at 11 U the

994

180 MaiL 1785.

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. _

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Banbury A Bill to enlarge the Term, and explain and amend

Roads. the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " the Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the County of " Oxford, through Daventry and Cottesbach, to the " South End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powys, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sxcise Laws. Mr. Beaufoy presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to explain and amend the several Laws now in being, giving Jurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise and the Justices of the Peace in Matters relating to the Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Hawkers and The House being informed that Mr. Beaumont, one

Ptdlars. of the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Paper, intituled, " Report from Hawkers and " Pedlars Office, May 18th, 1785," containing an Account of the Hawkers and Pedlars licensed according to Law, with their Names and Places of Abode, so far as the same can be made up; and also, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Duties arising from the Licences on Hawkers and Pedlars.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Jamaica The House being informed that Mr. Data, from

Trade, the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A List of British Vessels that have entered at the Ports of Jamaica between the 29th of September 1783 and the 29th of December following: And also,

A List of British Vessels that have cleared at the Ports of Jamaica between the 29th Day of September 1783 and the 29th Day of December 1783: And also,

A List of Foreign Vessels entered at the Ports of Jamaica between the 29th Day of September 1783 and the 29th Day of December 1783: And also,

A List of Foreign Vessels cleared at the Ports of Jamaica between the 29th of September and the 29th of December 1783: And also,

A List of British Vessels that have entered Inwards at the Ports of Jamaica between the 29th of December 1783 and the 29th of March 1784: And also,

A List of British Vessels that have cleared at the Ports of Jamaica between the 29th Day of December 1783 and the 29th Day of March 1784: And also,

A List of Foreign Vessels entered at the Ports of

Jamaica between the 29th Day of December 1783 and the 29th Day of March 1784: And also,

A List of Foreign Vessels cleared at the Ports of Jamaica between the 29th of December 1783 and the 29th of March 1784: And also,

Naval Officers List of Ships and Vessels entered Inwards at the Ports of Jamaica, from the 29th of March 1784 to the 29th of June following: And also,

Naval Officers List of Ships and Vessels cleared Outwards at the Ports of Jamaica between the 29th of March 1784 and the 29th of June following:

And also,

A List of Foreign Vessels that have entered Inwards at Jamaica, from the 29th of March to the 29th of June 1784* And also, .

Naval Officers List of Foreign Vessels cleared Outwards at the Ports of Jamaica, from the 29th of March to the 29th of June 1784: And also,

A List of British Vessels entered Inwards at Jamaica, between the 29th Day of June and the 29th Day of September 1784: And also,

A List of British Vessels cleared Outwards at Jamaica, between the 29th Day of June and the 29th Day of September 1784: And also,

A List of Foreign Vessels entered Inwards at Jamaica, between the 29th Day of June and the 29th Day of September 1784: And also,

A List of Foreign Vessels cleared outwards at Jamaica, between the 29th Day of June and the 29th Day of September 1784.

Mr. Daze also, from the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmitted to His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those presented to the House of Commons on the 9th of July 1783.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lists and Returns were, read.

Ordered, That the said Lists and Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lists and Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Manufacturers of Glass, whose Plate Glai Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- Manufacu selves and the other Glass Manufacturers of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read $

Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors,

" with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing " One or more Glass Manufactories within the King*

" dom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually " supporting and conducting the same upon an im*

" proved Plan in a peculiar Manner calculated for " the casting of large Plate Glass," for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company shall be charged; and Setting forth, That, the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Corporation are enabled to increase their Capital without being confined to the Manufactory of Cast Plate Glass only, it will be detrimental to the Petitioners, inasmuch as Corporations work with many Advantages over Individuals; and that the Petitioners conceive, and doubt not to prove, that the Mode of collecting the Duties payable on all Sorts of Glass made by the Petitioners is as burthen- some

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Ditto.

Bit*©.

25 Geo. III. 18" Mali.

995

some and oppressive to the Manufactory thereof as to the Manufactory of British Cast Plate Glass: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to confine the Corporation of the Governor and Company of British Cast Plate Glass Manufacturers to the Manufactory of Cast Plate Glass only, and that the Petitioners, and the rest of the Glass Manufacturers of Great Britain, may be put upon an equal Footing with the said Corporation in respect to the Duties payable, or to be paid, upon Glass, and the Mode of collecting the same; and that the Petitioners may be heard at the Bar of the House, by themselves or Counsel, upon the Subject Matter of the said Bill, and of this Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Tradesmen of the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have great Satisfaction in observing that the House has thought proper to alter and amend the Propositions originally laid before it, for settling a Commercial Treaty with Ireland; and, the Petitioners conceive, that, as great Good has arisen from the Enquiries which the House has already made on this extensive and important Subject, so, further and considerable Advantages will be most probably derived from the further Investigation of it; and that the Petitioners would not do any Thing, wantonly and unnecessarily, to delay any Measure of Government, but as the new Resolutions can neither be very speedily communicated to distant Parts of the Nation, nor be at once sufficiently understood in any Part, therefore the Petitioners pray, That the House would forbear coming to a speedy Decision, and be pleased to receive such further Information as may be offered on this Business.

A Petition of the Nail Ironmongers in the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and others concerned in the manufacturing of Iron in and near that Place, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are happy to observe, by the Votes of the House, that the Eleven Resolutions of the Irish Parliament, for settling a Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and that Country, are to undergo some material Alterations; and that, as these Resolutions comprehend a vast Extent and Variety of Matter, and which, it is apprehended, will, in its Consequences, powerfully operate on the Iron Trade of this Country in a Manner that the wisest and best-informed Persons cannot hastily judge of, or foresee, especially as the Alterations intended to be made are not at present clearly understood by the Petitioners, the Petitioners therefore pray, That the House will give sufficient Time for obtaining a more perfect Knowledge of the Alterations intended to be made in the above Resolutions, and also for the deliberate Consideration of them, before they pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Glass Manufacturers in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge and Dudley, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are much alarmed at finding the Irish Resolutions are likely to pass into a Law without such Regulations being made as will prevent the Trade of this Kingdom being injured: And therefore praying. That such Resolutions may not pass into a Law until sufficient Time be allowed to lay before the House the great Injury their Manufactory will sustain, and to consider of such Modes as will put the Trade of both Kingdoms upon an equal Footing, and such as, the Petitioners hope, will meet the Approbation of the House.

And the said Petitions wrere severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Com-V«l. 40.

mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Treat anjl thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves and the Mersey other Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Company, CanaL was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Bradley Heath,in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey; and Setting forth, That it is stated in the said Bill, that the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Com- pany did, by Articles of Agreement, under their Common Seal, and bearing Date on the 29th Day of October 1783, consent that so much of the Line of Navigation extending from Fradley Heath to Fazeley aforesaid, as w as vested in the Coventry Canal Company, should be given up to the Canal Company from The Trent to The Mersey, commonly called The Grand Trunk Company, and to the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal; and Representing to the House, That the Petitioners conceive, that, however the Common Seal, when duly and legally affixed, may be deemed conclusive upon all the Proprietors of the said Company, as to Transactions within the Powers given to the Company by the said Act whereby they were incorporated, yet it can never, in Law, nor, as the Petitioners hope, in the Judgment of the House, be considered of such Validity as to bind the Proprietors in Matters totally foreign to, and out of the Powers and Intentions of, the said Act, and to oblige them to give up an Interest and an Estate solemnly vested in them by the said Act; and, they conceive that, as the Surrender intended to be enforced by the said Articles will affect every Individual in the said Company, the Consent of every Individual to this Alienation of their fundamental Rights and Property ought to have been obtained and proved before Parliament, in order to induce the Legislature to pass such a Law, and thereby alter and take away the private Estate of such Individuals, secured by the Faith of Parliament; and that several Proprietors of the said Company never did consent to this Surrender of their Property, and the Common Seal w’as put to the said Articles at so distant a Period as the 29th of October 1783; and that, although such Articles as before stated were entered into, yet the said Company of Proprietors of the said Coventry Canal Navigation, after due Deliberation, are now desirous that the same should not be carried into Execution, and, they did, at a Meeting held on the 29th of March last, pursuant to a special Notice, duly given for that Purpose, under their Common Seal, declare their Resolution of not proceeding in an Application to Parliament, for Powers to enable them to complete and execute the said Coventry Canal in the Manner proposed by the said Articles: Under these Circumstances the Petitioners hope that the Legislature will not compel a Body of Proprietors to give up their Estate and Interest in any Part of their Property, contrary to their Inclination; and, for these, and other Reasons, the Petitioners trust in the Equity and Justice of the House, that the said Bill will not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Motion

99^ i8° Maii. A. 1785.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of the said Petition, against the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " and that the " Petitioners be then at Liberty to be heard, by their " Counsel, in Support of the said Petition, against " the said Bill."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^Lord°Fielding} 23'

Tellers for the Noes,{{£ S*’ } 86.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and JFazeley Canal Navigation, who have this Day petitioned the House against the said Bill, be at Liberty to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, in Support of their Petition;

It passed in the Negative.

Trent and Mr. Anson reported from the Committee, to whom Mersey the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

Canal. Navigation from The 2 rent to The Mei'sey, and the

Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Coventry, as Trustees of Sir T'homas White's Charity Estates, in the City and County of the City of Coventry; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of Polesworth, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble -Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors, or Lessees of very considerable Coal Mines, in the Parishes of Wykcn, Sow, Foies hill, and Exalt, in the County of the City of Coventry, and of Bedworth, Chilvers Cotton, Nuneaton, Anshy, Manceitor, Baddesley, Ensor, Grendon, Polesuovth, and Tamworth, in the County of Warwick; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Dunchurch, in the County of IVunvick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation Company, created by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Proprietors ot Shares in the said Company; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants

of Foleshill and Exall9 in the County of the City of Coventry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of the Navigation from 2'he Trent to The Mersey, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the 1st, 6th, and 8th mentioned Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had considered the several other Petitions to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal shall not l>c compelled to complete their Canal, until the Proprietors of the Coventry Canal, and the Proprietors of the Oxford Canal, shall have compleated a certain Part of those Canals.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Plate ( Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in- Mauuf tituled, " An Act to incorporate certain Persons " therein named, and their Successors, with proper " Powers, for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories, within the Kingdom of " Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an improved " Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the " casting of large Plate Glass;" for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass, cast by the said Company, shall be charged, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Manufacturers of Glass, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Glass Manufacturers of Great Britain, which was this Day presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for the better preserving- and maintaining the ( Piers and Harbour of Cromarty, in North Britain, was 1 read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dempptei\

1 Mr.

Hemp and Flax Bounty.

Scotland — Judges of Court of Session.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Rothwell

Haigb

Inclosure.

Bedford

Election.

25 Geo. III. 18" — 190 Matt.

991

Mr, Pulteney, &c«: And they afe to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Exchequer, for encouraging the raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 19* die Mail;

Anno 25d Georgii IIPU Regis, 1785. Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, or Parcel of Uninclosed Ground, called or known by the Name of Rothzvell Haigh, within the Parish of Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York, be bow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

’ The Lord Midlcton, from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, complaining of an undue Election for the County of Bedford, informed the House, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right honourable Robert Henley Ongley, Lord Ongley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is not duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bedford.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Honourable St. Andrew St. John is duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Bedford.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House forthwith, with the last Return for the County of Bedford\ and amend the same, by rasing out the Name of the Right honourable Robert Henley Ongley, Lord Ongley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and inserting the Name of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John instead thereof.

Vo E* 40.

The House toas moved, That the Order, made Glasgow Yesterday, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow Two Pennies Morning, the Bill to explain and amend an Act, Scots* passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for continuing, and rendering more effectual* An Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign IC of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or " One-Sixth of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of " Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the " City of Glasgow, and for extending the same over " the Villages of Gorbels and Port Glasgowj and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages," might be read-

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Topp's Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Topp, Estate. Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and the Costs of Suit, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and for discharging Part of the Estates so vested from a perpetual Yearly Rent Charge, and for subjecting Part of the said John Topp's devised Estates to the Payment thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cotes,

Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Joseph Mawbey presented to the House, according Lambeth to Order, a Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Waterworks Parish of Lambeth, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Suirey, with Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time. '

Resolved,* That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, ac- Bedford cording to Order, amended the Return for the County Return of Bedford. Amended.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Com- Ayr Bridge, mittee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Bridge across the River of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. George Douglas reported from the Committee, to Scotts Dykt whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Roads, an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scotts Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawickf to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in 11 X

Gock

998 IQ? Mail. 1785.

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: ^Vhere the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Trustees to apply to the Court of Session, or Judges of Assizes, to divide the Roads.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Commercial A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Com-

Intercourse monalty of the Society of Merchant Venturers, of the

with Ireland. of under their Common Seal, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that the leading Proposition for regulating the Commercial Intercourse between Great Jiritain and Ireland has been agreed to, but that many Alterations have been introduced by the Committee of the House, of the Purport of which the Petitioners are not fully informed: And the Petitioners conceiving their Interest, as a Commercial and Manufacturing City, very materially concerned in so important a Business as the Adjustment for ever of the reciprocal Trade of the Two Kingdoms, therefore praying, That proper Time may be given them, to weigh well and consider the Nature and probable Effects of the Alterations, and whether they tend to give such Relief to the Petitioners as they, in their former Petitions, presented to the House, respecting the Irish Resolutions, humbly prayed for.

A Petition of the Commercial Committee, and other Merchants and Manufacturers, of the Town of Birmingham was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that certain general Propositions, relative to a Commercial Treaty with Ireland\ have been agreed to in a Committee of the whole House, and that others are proposed to be brought forward; and they also observe, that His Majesty’s Ministers have . held out sundry new Propositions, or new Modifications of the former Propositions, the Nature of which the Petitioners are not yet fully informed of, but have Reason to fear that they contain many Articles which may essentially affect the Trade and Manufactures by which the Petitioners, and many Thousands of others, are maintained; and that (lie Petitioners did, in a former Stage of this Business, represent to the House the bad Effects which, they had Reason to fear, would arise to the Trade and Manufactures of Great Britain in general, and to those of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham in particular, if the Resolutions of the Parliament of Ireland on this Subject were adopted in Great Britain, and they still adhere to the Sentiments contained in the said Petition, and beg Leave to refer the I louse to the same; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, notwithstanding the tedious Investigation which this Subject has undergone before the House, all the Dangers to which the Trade and Manufactures of this Nation will be exposed by such a Treaty are not yet fully laid open, and, it is with great Concern they observe, that no adequate Means are proposed to be adopted, to guard them against those Dangers which have been pointed out, and that Concessions are proposed to be made to Ireland, in regard to her principal Article of Export, which, if granted, would for ever preclude Great Britain from using the Means by which she cpuld most easily remedy any inconveniencies that

arise from the Privileges which have been already granted to Ireland; and that the Petitioners are afraid, that, if these Resolutions should be passed into a Law, contrary to the general Sentiments and Interests of the Trading and Manufacturing Part of this Nation, it may produce Effects fatal both to our Commerce and internal Peace: And therefore praying the House to defer their final Determination ou this most important Subject until the next Session of Parliament, or until the Propositions themselves, and the proposed Modifications of them, may be better understood, and the Dangers to w’hich our Manufactures and Commerce are exposed, may be more effectually guarded against.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Earthen Ware of the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand, that various Alterations are to take place in the Irish Resolutions, in which they, with other Manufacturers, may be greatly interested: And there- fore praying for Time to consider the said ne*r Resolutions, and how their Trade may be thereby affected.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Cut Glass, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being informed various Alterations are proposed to take place in the Commercial Regulations with Ireland, they therefore pray for Time to consider in what Manner these new Resolutions may affect their Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Wimbom Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Minster An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Inclo*ure and Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Common Meadows, and for draining and improving certain Common Moors, within the Parish of Wimborne Minskr, in the County of Dorset.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. I.33. Leave out from " respectively " to " Provided," in Pr. 8. I. 9.

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Banhcs do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Gibral to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Prize, to consider further of the' Bill for authorizing the Prize Agents, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing the said Garrison all such Sums, as shall remain or come to their Hands, of the Bounty allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Philips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Philips reported from the Committee, That.

7 they

kiln wick laclosure.

Aylesbury, Ac. Road.

Trent and

Mersey

Canal.

25 Ge6. tit. Ip*

999

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House* according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, or Pasture Grounds and Common, within the Township of Kilmcick, in the Parish of Kilmcick, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcomb and Tetsuvrth, in the said County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments w'ere Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said 7rent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County, and to amend an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from The Trent to The Mersey; be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " nowr," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Monday the " 30th Day of this Instant May."

A Member present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation, on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley in the said County; and for confirming certain Articles of Vol. 40.

Agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford, and the Coventry Canal Navigation Companies.

Ordered, That Mr. Anson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Merchants, and Cornfactors, of the Borough Town and Manor, and Port of Bideford, in the County of Devon, and Creeks belonging to the Port aforesaid, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation " of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, with Concern, that, by certain Clauses in such Bill, the Powers delegated to Grand Juries at the Quarter Sessions of their respective Counties, by divers Acts of Parliament, to enquire and present on their Oaths the Prices of English Corn and Grain, in order to regulate the Importation of Foreign Grain, are to be totally annihilated, and, instead thereof, a new System is intended to be subj stituted, by vesting in a single Individual in the City of London, a Power to inspect the Weekly Returns of the Cornfactors at Mark Lane (by many of whom he is to be elected and maintained) and to compute, and form, from thence, the Average Prices, which, being laid before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, and afterwards published in the Gazette, are to be deemed (without the least Respect to the Difference and Fluctuation of the Average Prices in any other Part of the Nation) the general Average Prices of this Kingdom, and the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, as well at London as at every Out Port, are to be accordingly governed thereby; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if such Clauses should pass into a Law, the most grievous Injuries and Distress would result therefrom to many Thousands of His Majesty's Subjects, and it w'ould open a Door to Monopoly, Partiality, and Inconvenience: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent the Clauses above mentioned from passing into a Law; or permit the Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of their Allegations, if the Nature of their Case shall require the same.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, the Inhabitants concerned in the Importation of Corn and Flour, within the Port of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, which, if carried into a Law, is likely to occasion great Distress to the said Town and Neighbourhood, in subjecting the Petitioners to the Regulations of Mark Lane Market to determine whether or when the Petitioners may import Corn or Flour, be the Exigencies of the Petitioners never so great; and that the Petitioners have found every Convenience in the Procurement of Corn and Flour under the Regulations already established, which extend to their Part of the Country: And therefore praying, That the same Laws may be continued, and that the present Bill, now depending in the House, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, King George (he Third, intituled, "An Act " for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation

" and

Corn and Grain.

ioooo 190 Man. 1785.

" and Exportation of Cofn and Grain within several " Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, may be rejected.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a^Second Time; and the First-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Supply Bill; Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to

Shop Tax. Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Corn and The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation " and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several " Ports and Places therein mentioned," and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to all Places within that Part of Great Britain called England \

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

5?ppl?rBilI; The House being informed that the Sheriffs'of the

S of rax, 2,0/wfofl attended at the Door; they were called

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Coun«> cil assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is ordered to be brought in for charging a Yearly Duty upon every House, or other Building, used as a Shop, wherein Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be sold by Retail; and that the Petitioners have always been, and still are ready and willing to bear their Part of the necessary burthens of the State, upon a fair and equal Taxation, but that the Tax intended to be raised by the said Bill will, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, be partial, unjust, and highly oppressive upon Trade; and that the present accumulated Load of Taxes, under which the Inhabitants and Traders of the City of London more particularly labour, are become extremely burthensome; that London and Middlesex pay Eighty Parts out of Five Hundred and Thirteen of the whole Land Tax Annually raised in this Kingdom, and, although the Tax now proposed is denominated a Shop Tax, yet it is to all Intents and Purposes an Extension of the House Tax upon Shopkeepers only; that the Retail Dealers in the Metropolis are, from their local Situation, subjected to the Payment of large Rents, and, as the Tax now proposed to be laid upon them will greatly add to their present Burthens, the same must eventually tend to the Decrease of their Trade, and a consequent Diminution of the Revenue, and the Petitioners conceive, that it is a false and groundless Idea, to suppose that Taxes on the Conduct of Trade, or of Traders personally, fall eventually on the Con-/ sumer, it being a notorious Fact, that the Prices of all Commodities are regulated by the natural Force of the Supply at Market, combined with the State of the Demand: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Ste- Jamaica phen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for Jamaica, which was Trade-presented to the House upon the 5th Day of this Instant May, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Commercial others, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Man- Intercom* chester, was presented to the House, and read: Set- lnJand' ting forth, That the Petitioners, justly alarmed with the injurious and dangerous Tendency of the Resolutions moved in the Irish House of Commons by Mr.

Orde upon the 7th Day of February last, and afterwards introduced into this House, humbly expressed their Fears at so destructive a System, and petitioned that the whole might be rejected, as ruinous to the Interests of this Country; and, although several Alterations have been made in the proposed System, the Petitioners intreat the House not to come to any determinate Vote upon the said Alterations until Time hath been allowed to consider the Tendency of such Alterations, which are to be the Basis of an eternal and irrevocable Treaty betwixt England and Ireland.

A Petition of the Sail Cloth Manufacturers in the County of Lancaster, w as also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, being informed, that, during the Time of the Irish Resolutions being under the Consideration of this House, it was found necessary to make in some of them several Alterations, and likewise to add many new Ones, the Petitioners therefore pray, that Time adequate to the Importance of the Subject may be given them, to consider of these altered and new Resolutions, in order to understand how the Interests of their Manufacture may be affected by those Alterations.

A Petition of the Makers of Pig and Bar Iron, the Proprietors of Mines, and others interested therein, in the County of Salop, was also presented to tho House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, observing that certain new Regulations upon the Commercial Treaty with Ireland have been offered to the Consideration of the House, conceive, that the Business is of too great Importance to the Kingdom in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, to be finally concluded without a mature and proper Investigation: And therefore praying, That they may be indulged with Time for that Purpose.

A Petition of the Committee of Merchants and principal Manufacturers of Broad Cloth, in the County of Gloucester, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, in a former Address to the House, set forth their Apprehensions of the injurious Consequences that w’ould result from the Propositions respecting the Commerce of Great Britain and Ireland passing into a Law in their original Form, and prayed that such Modifications and Regulations might be admitted as would be essential to the Trading Interest of the said County; and that the Petitioners have the Satisfaction to find, that His Majesty's Ministers have so far qualified the Propositions, as to render them in soma Degree less objectionable; yet the Petitioners submit to the House, that still further Amendments are necessary, to protect the burthened Manufacturers of this Country from the Rivalship which must eventually ensue from a Country almost totally exempted from any such Burthens: And therefore praying, That, as

the

5 Geo. Ill*

tool

the present Settlement is intended to be final* the Propositions as they now stand may not pas9 thti House, until the Manufacturers of this Country are fully secured in that Equality of Commercial Interest, upon which its Prosperity so immediately depends.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered -to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January la9t, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

Hawkers and A Petition of the Manufacturers and Printers of Pedlars. Silk, Linen, and Cotton Handkerchiefs, Callicoes, 8$c. of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House, for the Repeal of the several Acts of Parliament for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars; and Representing to the House, That many very great Advantages have resulted from the said Body of Men to the Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, as well as to many of the Manufacturers in other Parts of this Kingdom, and the Quantity of Goods purchased by that Class of Dealers is much more considerable than may have been apprehended, and, from the Mode of their Sale, which is generally from House to House in Country Villages and Districts, remote from Towns where Shopkeepers reside, great Quantities of British Manufactures are sold, which otherwise would not be disposed of; and that the Petitioners will be obliged, in case the intended Bill should pass into a Law, to discontinue the manufacturing and printing great Quantities of Goods which they sell to the said Class of People, and thereby His Majesty’s Revenue will be considerably diminished, and great Numbers of industrious -Families be thrown out of Employ; and that great Numbers of Hawkers and Pedlars in Lancashire, Staffordshire, Derbyshire, Yorkshire, and Cheshire, who have been brought up to the said Business from their Infancy, and have, by CEconomy, Industry, and Perseverance, been enabled to support themselves and Families with Credit, and to discharge, by regular and early Payments, the Debts owing to the Petitioners, will (in case the said Bill be passed into a Law) be also thrown out of Employ, and the Petitioners thereby become considerable Sufferers, and themselves and their Families, to the Amount of many Thousands, having no other Business, become Burthens to their respective Parishes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent the said Bill from passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

And the House, having continued to sit till near Six of the Clock on Friday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 2.5th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland\

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for re- Crickkde sutning the adjourned Debate on the Question, pro- Election, posed upon the 14th Day of April last, That the House do agree with the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John IValker Heneage, and Robei't Nicholas,

Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Crkkldde, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, in the Resolution, " That the Conduct of the Returning Officer,

" in taking the Poll, and making the Return, at the last " Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Crickladey in the County of Wilts, was " partial and illegal, whereby a colourable Majority was " obtained on the Poll for Mr. Adamson and Mr. Co&e? be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Friday, the 3d Day of June next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Election- the 11th Day of this Instant May, for the House to County resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Voters* . upon Monday next, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House vras moved, That the Order made upon Elections — the 11th Day of this Instant May, for the House to Bribery and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* Expence, upon Monday next, upon tire Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be. discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mottling next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Commercial Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House

Intercourse r6solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, wit re an . COwsicter further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gradous Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and IrelandT be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resulted itseli into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair Of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by

Voju 40.

Ordered, That art Committees have Leave to sk, committee* notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn* ing next* Ten of the Clock.

« ai‘± hi*.i.

Luna, 28’ die Maiii

Anno ig Oeor'gii III1! Kegis, 1715.

Prayers.

DARNARD LEVt took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization. „

11 y Mr.

Illness of Clerk Assistant*

Bounty on Hemp and Flax.

Bast India Trade.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

Shaftoe'i

Charity.

Duchy of Lancaster Estates.

ioo2 2 3° Maii. A. 1785.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That John Ley, An ingrossed Bill for eiilargiBg the Term and Pow- Stanbridge Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House, was prevented ers of an Act, tnade in the Fourth Year of the Reign &c*

by Illness from attending the Duty of his Office. of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Uoa s*

Ordered, That Mr. Rosier do attend at the Table, Roads from the End of Staubridge Lane, near a

during the Absence of Mr. Ley. Bam, in the Parish of Romscy, to the Turnpike Road at

Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between*

The House being informed that Mr. Hugkson, from Stanbridge Lane aforesaid and Great Bridge, to the the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Turnpike Road at Stock bridge, and from the Garden of and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Henry Hat tat, at Azcbridge, to the Garden Wall of their Order, Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tudertcy, and from

An Account of the Monies remaining in His Majesty’s Lockerly Mill Stream to East Dean Gate, and from the Exchequer, for encouraging the raising and dressing said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to England. Salisbury, was read the Third Time.

And then he withdrew. . Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

And the Title of the said Account was read. be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads The said Account is preserved amongst the other from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Papers of this Session. Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle

Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stan-The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from bridge Lane aforesaid and Great Bridge, to the Turn-the Directors of the East India Company, attended at pike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Henry Hattat, at Awbridge, to the Garden Wall of to the House, pursuant to their Order, Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tudcrlcy, and from Lock-

An Account of the Exports and Imports in the crly Mill Stream to East Dean Gate, and from the said Port of Madras, from the Year 1766 to the Year Garden Wall to the Turnpike Iload leading from 1779; distinguishing each Year. Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton,

And then he withdrew. to Salisbury.

And the Title of the said Account was read. Ordered That Mr. Tliistlcthzcayle do carry the Bill

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, to be perused by the Members t>f the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Asbbome, Papers of this Session. to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers &c. Uoati#.

of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve TIis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider " and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious " County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th " Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesteifield to Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of " Derby, at or near a Place called Opcnwood Gate, the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and " and from Belpar Badge to Ripley, in the County Ireland. 4i of Derby? was committed; and to whom the Petition of Hugo Meynell, Esquire, was referred; That Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Committee had considered the said Petition, and the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found for better regulating the Charity of John Shqftoe, of the same to be true; and that the Committee had Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland, gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Clerk, deceased, was committed; That the Committee thereunto, which they had directed him to report to had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the House; and he read the Report in his Place; the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend-of the Committee; and that the Committee had ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second directed him to report the Bill to the House, without Time, One by Oue; and, upon the Question severally any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. ingrossed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Mr. Phelips, according to Order, reported from the Gibraltar Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Prize Money, agreed to the same, without any Amendment. authorizing the Prize Agents, appointed by the Offi-

cers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth of the Corps composing the said Garrison, all such.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Sums as shall remain or come to their Hands, of the " An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of Bounty allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish u the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of cer- Ships of War, was committed, the Amendments which " tain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they " enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements had directed him to report to the House; and he read " within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the " Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy;" and to Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge the Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon Duchy, was read a Second Time. the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, by the House, the Earl of Surrey, &c.: And they are to meet this . Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ingrossed.

Chamber.

A Bill

J

5 Nat.

>rdsliire,

’auul.

5.1

Bey’*

ite.

tts Dyke

25 Geo. III. 43 Mail;iaO

A Bill for naturalizing Bafndrd Levi was read a Se*1 cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddocke, Mr. Ord, See.: And they, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants* Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill being brought into Parliament by the Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, for them to lower the Tonnage of Freight without the Controul of Commissioners appointed by a former Act, the Petitioners express their entire Confidence in the Wisdom of Parliament, that they will enforce such Regulations as may prevent partial Advantages, to the Injury of others, and to the Detriment of the City of Gloucester, and the Public in general.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to low er and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending for extending the present Dudley Canal into the Birmingham Canal, by which a much shorter, cheaper, and quicker Communication will be opened between Binningharn and the City of Gloucester, and many valuable Mineral Productions, now buried, will be brought to Market, which the Petitioners conceive to be of great Advantage to themselves and the Public; And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, -within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazqley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, and such of the Estates of the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Baronet, deceased, which, upon his Death, descended to his Son Sir John Shelley, Baronet, an Infant, as his Heir at Law, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslozv do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scotts Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Vol. 40.

an Act, mdde in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scotts Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh.

Ordered, That Mr. George Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords* and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Bridge across Ayr Bridge; the River of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr* was read the.

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Bridge across the River of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manu- Commercial facturers of the City of Bristol, was presented to the In.t®rcouJr8e House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners wlt rtan having observed, by the Votes, that the Propositions for regulating the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland had been agreed to, but had first undergone many Alterations in the Committee of the House, the Petitioners, who conceive their Interest, as a Commercial and Manufacturing City, very materially concerned in so important a Business as the Adjustment for ever of the reciprocal Trade of the Two Kingdoms, therefore pray, That proper Time may be given them to weigh well and consider the Nature and probable Effects of the Amendments, and whether they tend to give such Relief to the Petitioners, as they, in their former Petitions presented to the House respecting the Irish Resolutions, prayed for.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Dittos and the rest of the Manufacturers of Leather in the Town and Neighbourhood of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, was also presented to the House, and read; Praying, That the House would postpone, for a Time, passing into a Law the Propositions, as they now stand, in Favour of Ireland, till they are more maturely considered and investigated: The Petitioners would have thought of petitioning the House before now, had they known from what Cause their Trade, and the Revenue of course, has been so very materially injured; It seems, that in 1780 a Bill was brought into the House, and passed into a Law, granting to Ireland a free Export of all her Manufac- tory to any Foreign Market, since which Time no Trade in the Kingdom has suffered such a Decline, the Reasons of which, the Petitioners beg Leave to observe to the House, are many, and obvious; the'

Irish Manufacturer of Leather, not being shackled by the Restrictions of Excise Laws, can emplby a Currier to shave and pare down, out of the Wooze, all the rough and gross Matter of the Leather in the Process of manufacturing it, w'hich will enable him to do it sooner with One Half of the Labour, and with One Third of the Bark, that the English Manufacturer can; in Ireland, One Man may follow the Business of a Tanner, a Currier, and a Shoemaker, which, in England, by the British Laws, he is prolii-bited from by severe Penalties, which certainly gives a manifest Advantage to the Irish Trader in supplying Foreign Markets; the Imports of Raw Hides ana Skins into the Ports of Liverpool and Chester, since the Period above-mentioned, have decreased more than One Half, and the Exports of Tanned Leather from those Ports (which formerly was very considerable) is now, and has been for several Years past,* entirely at a Stand: From the above' and many other Reasons which the Petitioners could adduce, it is evident, that the Irish Manufacturer of Leather, having Liberty to export Boots, Shoes, and Saddles, and all other Manufactory of Leather to this Country,

1004 *3° M J. 1-785,

will be enabled to sell them upon such Terms that will entirely ruin the Trade of the English Manufacturer: The Petitioners further beg Leave to observe to the House, that under the distressing Circumstances of their Trade being taken from them, in addition to the heavy Burthen of Taxes which Government have thought proper to impose upon diem, they have very heavy Parish Rates to pay for the Maintenance of a numerous Poor, and for the Repairs of Church and High Roads, which nothing but Trade can support: They therefore hope that the House will take their Case into serious Consideration, and grant them that Protection which Policy dictates, and Justice requires, or a general Bankruptcy will be the Consequence.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s moot Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland\

Dudley A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

Canal. thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that a Bill hath been presented by the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, for Leave to extend the said Dudley Canal, so as to join and communicate with the said Bh'mingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations; and Representing to the House, That the Canals already made, and at a very considerable Expence, extend to the same Points, and to the same . Markets, as the Canal so prayed for would, if made, extend to, and every public Advantage is - derived from them which could be derived from the said proposed Junction; and the Petitioners apprehend that such Junction might be a Means of advancing the Price of Coals at the Mines upon the Line of the old Bir~ mingham Canal, which, of course, would be very prejudicial to the Manufactories of Hardware, and to the Public in general, and that the Petitioners have not given their Consent to the said proposed Junction, but, on the contrary, object thereto: And therefore x praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford\ be read a Second Time.

Staffordshire A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Set. Canal. ’ thereunto subscribed, Barge Masters, Boat Owners* and Dealers in Coal upon the River Severn, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Bill is depending in the House to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal j and Representing to the House, that, whilst the Tonnage on Coal raised at the Bilston Mines was lowered, the Petitioners had an extensive Trade, and full Employment for their Vessels, in supplying the different Markets upon the Severn with the Produce of those Mines, as well as of the Coal Mines lying on the Line of the Dudky and Stourbridge Canals, by. which they obtained a comfortable Support for themselves and Families, but, since that lonnage was again advanced, the Trade of the Bilston Coal has declined, and thrown the Stour-

bridge and Dudley Coal Trade into the Hands of the Stourbridge Coal Committee Company, who are bo-come the principal Dealers in, and Carriers of, that Coal to the different Markets upon the River Severn, and they have sold the Coal cheaper at those Markets than the Petitioners can possibly afford to do, by which Means the Petitioners have lost all Benefit of the Stourbridge and Dudley Coal Trade, and, the Trade of the Bilston Coal being greatly reduced and injured by Means of the high Tonnage, many of the Petitioners have been obliged to give up the Coal Trade, and are reduced to the Necessity of hiring their Vessels to, or becoming the Carriers for, the Stourbridge Committee Company, or else to let their Vessels lie idle, which is very prejudicial to the Interests of the Petitioners and the Public, and tending to create a Monopoly in the Hands of the Stourbridge Coal Committee Company; and that the Petitioners apprehend, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the same will be a Means of restoring the lost Trade to the Petitioners, and of bringing the different Mines to Market upon nearer Terms of Equality, and thereby prevent a Monopoly: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Stafford thereunto subscribed, Owners and Occupiers of Coal&c CallL Mines in the Neighbourhood of Bilston and Conseley, in the County of Stafford\ was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented by, and on the Behalf of, the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire arid Worcestershire Canal Navigation, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the said Company to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon their said Canal, without the Interposition of Commissioners, so as nevertheless that the same shall not exceed the Rates of Tonnage at present allowed by certain Acts of Parliament in the said Petition recited; and that the Petitioners arc the Owners and Occupiers of certain large and extensive Coal Mines in the Neighbourhood of Bilston and Coascky, upon the Line of the Canal extending from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to Authcrhy, in the County of Stafford, where the same joins and communicates with the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, and the Petitioners conceive, that if Powers were given to the said Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal, the same would tend greatly to the Interest of the Public, and of the Petitioners, by enabling the Petitioners to send their Coals to the Severn Market at a lower Rate than at present, and the same would be of further public Utility: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave to the said Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of their said Petition, and that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester: And also*

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal,

Were likewise severally presented to the House, and read,* Setting forth, That a Petition has been presented to the House by the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to lower and 7 regulate

Googh

25

Dudley

Canal.

Geo. III. 230 Mali.

1005

regulate the Tonpage upon their said Canal Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill;

without the Interposition of Commissioners; der, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Licences taken Post Horses!

and the Petitioners apprehend, that, if a Bill out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of Tra-

shall he passed according to the Prayer of the veiling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling

said Petition, the same will be a Means of re- Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for during the Price of Coal, as well as the Car- granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also addi-riage of Merchandize, which will be of great tional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, public Utility: And therefore praying, That the and by Time: And the same was received* and read said Bill may pass into a Law. the First Time.

And the said Petitions were severally or- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

dered to lie upon the Table, until the

Bill to enable the Company of Proprie- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. tors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Thomson:

Canal Navigation, to lower and regulate Mr. Speaker,

the Tonnage upop the said Canal, be read The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Richmond a Second Time. Act to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year Poor.

of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employment Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County Reading of the Bill for extending the present Dudley of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act men-Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands tioned; and for making new Provisions for the Re-

of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish lief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs

of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and of the Highways, the paving, cleansing, lighting, communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and and w atching the Streets, and other Places, in the Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid; for the the County of Stafford, be now read. Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstruc-

And the said Order being read accordingly; tions, and Encroachments therein; for inclosing cer-

And the House being informed that no Counsel tain Commons, or Waste Land, within the said Pa-

attended; rish, for the Use of the Poor, and to enable the

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Vestrymen of the said Parish to erect a Workhouse posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second thereon, and to purchase Land for a Burial (ground;

Time; and also to enable His Majesty to shut up a Lane

The House was moved, That the Report which, within the said Parish, called Love Lane; without any

upon the 27th Day of April last, was made from the Amendment: And also,

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Forton Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation, incor- Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Inclosure, porated by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Grounds, and Moss, within the Hamlet or Township the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- of Forton, in the County of Lancaster; without any jesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintain- Amendment: And also,

" ing a Navigable Canal within and from certain The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bideford " Lands belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, Act for continuing the Term, and altering and cn- Roads.

" in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Wor~ larging the Powers, of an Act of the Fourth Year of " cester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge His present Majesty, for repairing and widening " Navigation at a Place called Black Delph, upon several Roads leading from the Town of Bidejurd\ in " Pensuet Chace, in the Parish of Kingszt'inford; in the County of Devon; without any Amendment: And " the County of Stafford was referred; might be also,

again read. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Earl of

And the same was read accordingly. for exchanging Part of the settled Estate of Heneage Ayleaford’s

The House was also moved, That the Standing Order Earl of Aylesford, in the County of Kent, for another Est*te-

of the House, of the 25th Day of April 1774, " That, Estate, of greater Value, in the same County, to be

" after this Session of Parliament, when any Petition settled in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the

" is presented to this House, for making a Naviga- Concurrence of this House: And also,

" ble Canal, or for making or improving the Navi- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Clarke " gation of a River, or for altering any Act of Par- for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Freehold and Estates.

" liament passed for either of those Purposes, there Copyhold Estates of William Clarke, Esquire, deceased,

" be presented, with such Petition, a Plan, describ- devised by his Will for the Benefit of his Daughter " ing the Line of such intended Canal or Naviga- Mary Forbes, and her Issue, in Trustees, for the Purtion, and the Lands through which the same is to poses within mentioned; to which the Lords desire the " be carried; and that previous Application be made Concurrence of this House: And also,

" to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, for The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for parneirs " their Assent to the proposed Canal or Navigation; Sale of a sufficient Part of the Estates of Hugh Parnell, Estate.

" and that separate Lists of the Names of such Own- a Lunatic, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances,

" ers and Occupiers be presented also with the said under the Direction of the Court of Chancery; to which u Petition, distinguishing which of them, on such the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And " Application, have assented to, or dissented from, also,

the said proposed Canal or Navigation, or are neuter The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Maxwell’s u in respect thereto," might be read. for vesting the Estate of Drummodie, and others, lying Estate.

And the same being read accordingly; in the County of Wigton, in Sir William Maxwell,

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second of Munrieth, Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for vesting in Time. the said Sir William Maxwell, his Heirs and Assigns,

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second in Fee Tail, the Estate of Little Killantrae, and

Time. others, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof; to

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gas- which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

coyne, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this And also,

Afternoon, at Five of the Clocks in the Speakers The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act jolle-Chamber. to enable the Honourable Wilbraham Tollemache, and mache's, &c.

VOL. 40. 11 z the Estates.

Supply Bill; Male Servants.

Supply Bill; Pawnbrokers.

Maxwell’s

Estate.

Management of Taxes.

Insurances on Ships, &cf

Toile-

mache’s, &c. Estate.

Offices and Employments Indemnity.

1006 1 2 3° Maii.1785.

the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant give farther Time to such Persons as have omitted to Building Leases of certain Parts of Lands and Here- make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures ditaments in the County Palatine of Chester (devised by of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And that Mr. the Will of the Right honourable Lionel, late Earl of Pkelips and Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do prepare, and Dysart) upon the Terms and Restrictions therein men- bring in, the same, tioned: to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of

this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Drummodie, and others, lying in the County of IVigton, in Sir William Maxwell, of Munrieth, Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for vesting in the said Sir William Maxwell, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Tail, the Estate of Little Killantrae, and others, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Effects, and Merchandize: And that Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Alderman Newnham, and Mr. Brickdale, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable Wilbrahain ToUemache, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to giant Building Leases of certain Parts of Lands and Hereditaments in the County Palatine of Chester (devised by the Will of the Right honourable Lionel, late Earl of Dysart) upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Supply Bi Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Elections-Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Bribery ai Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday Mom- ExPcnc ing next, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for preventing Bribe and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon FHday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergussori do make the Re- Earl of port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for vest- Dundonali ing in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Tar*makir Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar,

Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids,

Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Coal, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time, was committed.

Sir Adam Fergusson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

} 8S-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally pul thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Manu- Coran facturers, of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the Coun- Inten ty of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; with Setting forth, That, having only just received the Particulars of the Amendments of the Irish Resolutions, as lately proposed in the House, and observing the y are to be agitated again in Parliament immediately, on this important Occasion, the Event of which may so very materially affect the Petitioners, they think it their indispensable Duty to pray for a further Time to

3 be I

2K Geo. III. 230 M. 1007

imercial be allowed them, to consider and digest their Sentiments

rcouree thereon.

1 Ireland, Petition of the Master Silk Weavers in Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having already laid before the House the Grievances which they believe they shall be subjected to from the former Propositions respecting the Irish Com* mercial Regulations, if they should pass into a Law, now apprehend, that the Alterations and Additions made to them are of very great Moment to the Petitioners, as well as to the Kingdom in general, and therefore request, That they may not suddenly be carried into Effect, but sufficient Time be allowed for the mature Consideration of them by the Petitioners.

A Petition of the Company of Bottle and Flint Glass Makers at Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Manufacture of Glass in Great Britain employs a great Number of Hands, and produces a very considerable Yearly Revenue, and is consequently of much National Concern, both as an Article of Commerce, and as a fit Subject of Taxa-. tion; but that the Regulations and Restraints prescribed by the Excise Laws for ascertaining and charging the Duties imposed, and for rendering them productive, are, in their Operation, peculiarly hard and injurious, as they restrain the Petitioners, and the Glass Makers in general, from bringing their Metal to the utmost Degree of Purity, oblige them to work up a considerable Part thereof (paid for as pure) into Articles of inferior Price, and do not allow an adequate Drawback on Exportation; and that these internal Duties imposed on the Glass Manufactures of this Kingdom, with the Restraints necessarily concomitant to guard against Fraud, cannot be countervailed by any Duty to be laid on the Importation of Glass from Ireland, or any other Place not subject to the like Impositions and Restraints, and, that while this Kingdom, loaded with an enormous Debt, is compelled to resort to an internal Duty on her own Manufactures towards the raising of her necessary Supplies, Ireland, labouring under no such Burthens or Restraints, will be enabled not only to undersell us at Foreign Markets, but to ruin our Revenue and Trade at Home, by smuggling in upon us her Manufactures and Produce, which the Vicinity of her Situation will render completely easy; and that, so burthened, and under the absolute Necessity of imposing internal Taxes, the Petitioners conceive, that no Regulations of Intercourse and Commerce can be settled between this Kingdom and Ireland on equitable Principles, unless the Produce and Manufactures of Ireland be subjected to the like internal Duties and operative Restraints with those imposed on the Produce and Manufactures of Great Britain: And therefore praying, That, in settling the Trade and Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, effectual Care may be taken of the Prosperity of Great Britain, and the general Interest of the British Empire.

A Petition of the Glass Manufacturers of London, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, understanding that several Additions and Alterations have been made in the Irish Resolutions now before the House, by which the particular Manufacture the Petitioners are engaged in may be injured, they therefore pray the House not to pass the said Resolutions into a Law, till the Petitioners can have Time to inform themselves how far they may be affected thereby.

A Petition of the Sail Cloth Makers in the City of London, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners being fully convinced of the great Importance of the Sail Cloth Manufacture to this Kingdom, as a Naval Store, and the Vol. 40.

Necessity there is of its being encouraged here, so that the Navy may have an ample Supply of this Article in Time of War, as it hath hitherto had, without being under the Necessity of depending on any other Country, from whence it cannot be brought, in Time of War at least, without Danger of Capture from our Enemies, and, as this Manufacture cannot be supported in Time of Peace without the Aid of Bounties to encourage the Exportation to Ireland and Foreign Parts, which the Wisdom of Parliament hath hitherto seen necessary, and have adopted for a long Series of Years, to the great Improvement of the Manufacture, but, should the Resolutions in Favour of Ireland, now before the House, respecting the Bounty on Exportation of British Canvas to Ireland, pass into a Law, the Petitioners are under the most painful Apprehensions, from the Certainty of the Irish engrossing the Export Trade, that the Manufacture itself will be lost to this Country, and many thousands of His Majesty’s Subjects rendered destitute of Subsistence: And* therefore praying, That, as the House hath seen the Necessity of making some Alterations in those Resolutions in Favour of other Branches of Trade and Manufacture in this Country, they will make such farther Alterations as will effectually prevent this essential Manufacture from being removed to Ireland, or any other Place.

A Petition of the Paper Makers and Stationers of the City of London, and its Neighbourhood, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners understand that, contrary to general Expectation, a Variety of Alterations have been proposed in the Treaty with Ireland, in which, although Provisions seem to be made for protecting some particular Branches of Commerce, no Protection is to be granted to the Petitioners, as far as the Petitioners understand the aforesaid Propositions as now altered, these Propositions containing new, important, and complicated Matter, which will require much Time and deliberate Consideration clearly to understand; and as the Petitioners are of Opinion, that it is not consistent with sound Policy and true Wisdom to determine a Matter of such Magnitude with Haste and Precipitation, they therefore request the House will allow sufficient Time to reflect how far the Manufacturing Interest of this Kingdom, and that of the Petitioners in particular, may be affected by the passing the aforesaid Propositions into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom.it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in York Castle, Debtors was presented to the House and read; Complaining Petition, of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Haw kers and Pedlars within the Hawkers and Cities of London and Westminster, and the Neighbour- Pedlars-hood thereof, was presented to the House, and read;-Setting forth, That the Petitioners have heard, with the utmost Astonishment and Affliction, that a Measure has been introduced into the House for their utter Extermination, uncensured, unsummoned, unheard, untried, and uncondemned, and therefore claim it as their Birthright and Inheritance, as free Citizens, that they be confronted with their Accusers, that their Charge be delivered to them, and that they may have an Opportunity of being heard, by themselves and

CQunsel,

ioo8 23 0 MaA. 1785.

Counsel, before any Measure so harsh and unprecedented shall be adopted by the House, as to permit a Law to be brought in for their Suppression; and they believe it to be their Utility to the general Interests of the State that makes them obnoxious to some Part of the Community, who have an immediate private Interest in their Suppression: That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Standing Committee of this House, called the Committee of Commerce, and therefore crave it as their Right, before any Bill shall be brought into the House for depriving them of Bread, to have their Characters and Conduct, as likewise the Nature and Extent of their Commercial Dealings, enquired into by that Committee, and the Petitioners have no Doubt but that every Enquiry respecting them will terminate in a Report evincing their Innocence and Utility, and protecting them against the Effects of the many malicious Calumnies and groundless Charges to which they have been continually exposed from those who have an immediate private Interest in their Suppression; and that the Petitioners compose Part of a Body consisting of Tourteen hundred Persons, at least, In England alone, many of whom have Wives, Children, aged Parents, and indigent Relations, who depend for Subsistence on the Fruits of the Petitioners Industry: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves and Counsel, against any Measure that may tend to their Injury or Suppression.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

American Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a

Loyalists. Statement of the Reports made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by the Commissioners appointed for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, consisting of an Account of the Number of Persons who have lodged their Claims in Terms of the Act of Parliament, with the Total Amount of such Claims; an Account of the Number of Claims already examined, with the Total Amount of the Sum claimed, and the Net Sum liquidated, and the Number of Classes, if any, into which the Commissioners have divided the said Claimants, with a Description of those Classes.

Excise Laws. Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend the se-

veral Laws now in being, giving Jurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise and the Justices of the Peace in Matters relating to the Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties, be printed.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy,

Navy, &c. Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance De-

Bills. bentures, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Ex-

Exchequer chequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou-9' sand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Public A Bill for better examining and auditing the Pub-

Accounts. fie Accounts of this Kingdom, was read a ~

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill.be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the more easy and effectual Sale of Crow Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of CrownDebto Debtors, or of their Sureties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the Do$oM last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold Plate’

" and Silver Plate imported; and also, certain Duties r< on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing an sidled Open Waste, or Common, in the Parish of Sidle- inclose sham, in the County of Sasser, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Common, in the Parish of Sidksham, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Scoty-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the M60* whole House, to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland,

And a Motion being made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the Constitution of the Courts of Session and Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that they do consider of proper Salaries to the Chiefs of those Courts, as well as to the other Judges;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Ma-jeaty. recommends to the House the Consideration of proper Salaries to the Chiefs of those Courts, as well as to the other Judges.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Constitution of the Courts of Session and Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that they do consider of proper Salaries to the Chiefs of those Courts, as well as to the other Judges.

A Petition of the Clerks in the Office of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, being offered to be Secrete presented to the House; State 0»

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting

Googh

25 Geo. III.

2 30 Mail.

loop

Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the last Session of the late Parliament, for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland\ the Petitioners are deprived of that Part of the Privilege of franking printed Vottfs, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, which extended to Ireland\ and which Privilege had been enjoyed by the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State' from the original Establishment of the Post Office, and was expressly Confirmed to them by the Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty; and, the said Privilege has been a Source of considerable Advantage to many of the Petitioners, and might naturally be expected to prove so ta all of them in a Course of Succession, and in Proportion to the Extent of their Connections; and that, notwithstanding the Grant from Parliament out of the Revenue of the Post Office in Favour of the Petitioners, which commenced in the Year 1769, upon the Abolition of their Privilege of franking Letters, they still find that their Appointments in the Offices are much inferior to those of the Clerks in the other great Offices of State, which renders them the less able to bear so considerable a Diminution of their Incomes, many of the Petitioners deriving the chief Support of their Families from their Official Situation, whilst it is well known that the constant Duty of the Offices, precludes them from pursuing any other Employment, and that the Confidence reposed in them is of the most important Nature; and that the Petitioners are the more encouraged to submit their Losses on this Occasion to the Consideration of the House, as it is an acknowledged Principle of Parliament, to provide a Recompence for such Individuals as suffer by any Regulations made for the Public Benefit, it being evident that a very considerable Increase of Revenue will arise, both in Great Britain and Ireland, from the Post Tax laid on Newspapers by the Acts passed in both Kingdoms for that Purpose: And therefore

praying, That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and grant them such Compensation, for their Losses above-mentioned, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referfed to the' Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon tfo’s Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

‘ Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties now payable upon Carriages under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Vex,. 40.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Supply Bill -That the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Shop Tax/ Duties on Shops within Great Britain, be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas w ent forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Eliot,

Mr. Rose:

Mr. Alderman Newn* ham,

Mr. Alderman Saw-

bridge:

5i-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the wholfe House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for exchanging Part of the settled Estate of Heneage Aylesford’s Earl of Aylesford, in the County of Kent, for another Estate* Estate of greater Value, in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clarke'* for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Freehold and Estate. Copyhold Estates of William Clarke, Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will for the Benefit of his Daughter Mary Forbes, and her Issue, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Master Shoe Manufacturers in the Commercial Town of Stafford, in Behalf of themselves and the ^^jrelacd rest of their Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Propositions depending in Parliament, for regulating and establishing a Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, have undergone great and numerous Alterations: And therefore praying for Time to consider what Effects those new Resolutions may have upon their Manufacture, before they are passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ditto, whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland/

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the 12 A Committee,

b\

_*oogI<

1010

*3 —

Mail.

A. 1785.

Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

And the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

w

Martis, 24* die Mail;

Anno 25* Georgii IIIta Regis, 1785.

PfcAYERS.

Staffordshire, HP H E Order of the Day being read, for the Se-Ac. Canal. A. cond Reading of the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to lower and regulate the Tonnage upon the said Canal;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Blackfriars A for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Car- Bridge. riages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike to be erected at or near Blackfriars Bridge, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Newnham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, bukeaf The ^or(* H°°d reported from the Committee, to Northumber- whom the Petition of the Most Noble Hugh Duke of land’s Estate. Northumberland, on Behalf of himself and the Right honourable Hugh Lord Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, and the Honourable Algernon Percy, commonly called Lord Algernon Percy, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Pye reported from the Committee, to whom NaU the Bill for naturalizing Barnard Levi was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. William Smith reported from the Committee, to clapham whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabi- Lighting and tants of the Village of Clapham, in the County of Sur~ ^atctnnfr rey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: YVhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Charles Eyre, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Village of Clapham is become large and populous, and that the Inhabitants thereof are in the Night Time greatly exposed to Robberies and other Outrages, for want of the same being properly lighted and watched.

That it would be a great Security and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Village, and to all Persons resorting to and passing through the same, if the Road leading from Mansion House Row, in the Village of Newington, to the farthest Part of the House and Premisses in the Occupation of Mrs. Mount, in Clapham, and the Roads over Clapham Common, and also the said Village and Common, were properly lighted and watched during certain Hours of the Night —

And the Witness added, That in order to effectuate the said Purposes, it is proposed to raise a Rate upon the Inhabitants, and also to levy a small Toll upon certain Carriages and Horses passing along the said Road in the Night Time.

Mr. James Noyes being then examined, said, That it will be a great Safety and Convenience to the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Road which lies in the Parish of Lambeth, if the same were included in the Provisions of the said Bill for lighting and watching the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lighting and watching the Village of Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey:

0 And

IOII

25 Geo. III. 240

And that Mr. William Smith and Mr. Samuel Thornton report the Bill to the House, without any Amend* do prepare, and bring in, the same. ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s

Table.

Imprison- Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor presented to the House* And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Counsof accordinS to order> a Bill for regulating the Time for Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Conscience. the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Ordei'ed, That Mr. Ewer do carry the Bill to thfe

Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience in London, Middle- Lords; and acquaint them* that this House hath agreed sex, and the Borough of Southwark, and for abolishing to the same, without any Amendment*

Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers or others, on

Account of such Imprisonment: And the same was Mr. Gilbei't, according to Order, reported from Ways and received; and read the First Time. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Means*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. referred to consider further of Ways and Means for

Ordered, That the said Bill be'printed. raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to reinsurances Mr. Alderman Harley presented to the House, ac- port to the House; which he read in his Place; and on Ships, &c. cording to Order, a Bill for regulating Insurances on afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects: the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

And the same was received; and read the First Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Time. That the Duties now payable upon all Carriages, under

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, do

cease, determine, and be no longer paid, hmeirs An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Lstate* Sale of a sufficient Part of the Estates of Hugh Parnell, That there be paid, in lieu thereof, by every Person, a Lunatic, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, for each Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash,

under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, was read Chaise Marine, Chaise with Four Wheels, or Caravan,

the First Time. kept for his or her own Use, or let out to Hire (other

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. than and except such as are already licensed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Hackney Ashborne, An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Coaches) the Sum of Seven Pounds Yearly for every

&c. Hoad. of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His such Carriage.

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the That there be paid, by every Person, for each Calash,

" County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the preseut Chaise, or Chair, with Two or Three Wheels, drawn by " Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to One or more Horses, kept for his or her own Use, or " Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, and let out to Hire, the Sum of Three Pounds and Ten " from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Shillings Yearly for every such Calash, Chaise, or u Derby," was read the Third Time. Chair.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title The said Resolutions being severally read a Second be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Hispre- agreed to by the House.

sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening and Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen " repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for €i County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the pre- transferring the Receipt and Management of certain " sent Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of " to Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respecand from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of tively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes,

" Derby" and also for making further Provisions in respect to

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill the said Duties so transferred, That they do make to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Paisley Two Ordered, That the Bill to continue, and render more

Pennies effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry to the Lords the sfeelle/s Scots- the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estates, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth vesting Part of the settled Estates, and such of the Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale Estates of the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Baronet, and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought deceased, which, upon his Death, descended to his Son into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Sir John Shelley, Baronet, an Infant, as his Heir at Law,

Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for im- in Trustees for the Purposes within mentioned; and proving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for acquaint their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to other Purposes, be read a Second Time upon Monday the same, without any Amendment.

Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; Milton Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, to whom to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exchequer

School the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Bllls*

House. for vesting a Cottage or Tenement, used as, and for, Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One

a School House, and other Hereditaments, in or near thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, be now the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph read.

Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in lieu of, or in Compen- And the said Order being read accordingly;

sation for, a Messuage or Tenement and Garden, si- The House resolved itself into the said Com-

tuate and being in the Town of Blandford Fomm, of mittee, greater Value, was committed; That the Committee Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee,

the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That

of the Committee (except the Feoffees of Milton they had gone through the Bill, and made several School) and that the Committee had directed him to Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Vox.. 40. # to

b\

iota

24* — 25" Mali.

' A *78S-

to report* when the ttouse will please to receive the One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, 6aD^« - . # were agreed to by the House,

\ That the Report be received Tomorrow Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Morning. ingrossed.

Supply Bill; Navy, &c.

Bills.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland

ftothwell Haigh Inclosure.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ,*

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House 'will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, or Parcel of Uninclosed Ground, called or known by the Name of Rothwell Haigh, within the Parish of Rothxvell, in the West Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 55* die Mail;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House butaffo to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hou gC, ibumbct* to consider of the Report which was made from the^5^ Committee to whom the Petition of the most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, on Behalf of himself and the Right honourable Hugh Lord Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, and the Honourable Algernon Percy, commonly called Lord Algernon Percy, W as referred, be npw read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Hood took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Hood reported from the Committee,

That he was directed, by the Committee, to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Hood accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed, by the Committee, to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings, or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto, and also of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle, in the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other Compensation, as shall be a full Consideration for the same, and also, to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange.

And the Lord Hood moved the House accord-

T.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings, or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto, and also, of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle, in ^the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or- for such further or other Compensation, as shall be a full Consideration for the same, and also, to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange: And that the Lord Hood add Sir John Miller do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Anno 250 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

Reading Ti TR. Neville reported from the Committee, to

Paving. JlVX whom the Bill for paving the Footways in

the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town, and for removing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

Mr. Tudway reported from the Committee, to cotes' whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, but* An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Cotes, Esquire, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr.

5 Geo. III.

25° M.

1013

Offices and Employments Indemnity.

Mr. Pkelips presented to the House, according to Plate Glass, cast by the said Company, shall be charged, Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omit- be now read.

ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in have been omitted to be. stamped according to Law, Common Council assembled, was referred; That the or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid. Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pe-and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions tition; and had directed him to report the same, as duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Per- it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the sons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Com- r , mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, 0nCora. °

Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lambeth

Waterworks,

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Inspeximus Charter of the Fifteenth of Charles the Second, reciting the Charter of James the First, and A Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of confirming to the Mayor and Commonalty, and Ci-Lambeth, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, tizens, of the City of London, the Office of Bailiff ^ith Water, was read a Second Time. and Conservation of the River Thames, and Waters

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph of Medway, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor

Maicbey, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl of Dun-dnnald’s Tar-making.

of the said City for the Time being, or his sufficient Deputies, from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, towards the West, unto London - Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place called An ingrossed Bill for vesting in Archibald Earl of Yendall, otherwise Yenland\ otherwise Yenleet, towards Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and As- the East, was produced; an Extract from which was signs, the sole Use and r Property of a Method of read, as follows; viz1.

extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile " Inspeximus etiam Literas Patentes precharissimi Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit <c Patris Nostri Domini Jacobinuper Regis Anglie, Coal, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a factas in hec verba: Jacobus, Dei Gratia Anglie, limited Time, was read the Third Time. of Scotie, Francie, et Hibemie Rex, Fidei Defensor,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title " fyc. omnibus ad quos presentes Litere prevenirint.

be, An Act for vesting in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali,

Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Coal,

throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited

Time.

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Treasurer of An ingrossed Bill for better regulating the Office

the Navy. of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, was read

the Third Time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Levi's Nat. An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Barnard Leri, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Barnard Levi.

Ordered, That Mr. Pye do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Plate Glass Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Manufacture, to resolve itself in£o a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in due and payable to the Mayor and Commonalty, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, Citizens, of the City of London, upon certain Goods intituled, "An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein mentioned, as well imported as exported out therein named, and their Successors, with proper of the Port of London, or otherwise brought into or " Powers, for the Purpose of establishing One or passing out of the City of London, by Water, wherein " more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of the Duties of One Farthing per Quarter upon Com €t Great Britain, and for the more effectually sup- Inwards is included, were produced from the Town

Salutem. Cum dilecti Nobis in Christo, Maior et 0 Communitas ac Cives Civitatis nostre London, a iC toto Tempore cuius contrarium memor. hominu " non existit, habuerunt et exercuerunt, ac habere " et exercere debuerunt et consueverunt, Officiu. <c de Ballivat. et Conservacon Aque Thamisie, per ‘c Maiorem Civitatis predicte, pro Tempore existen. " duran. Tempore Maioratus sui, vel per sufficien. cC Deputatos suos exercend. et occupand. in, super, et (C circa eandem Aquam Thamiss; viz*, a Ponte Ville " de Staines, in Comitatu Middlesex, versus Occiden. " usque Pontem London, et abinde ad quondam " Locum vocat Yendall, alias Yenland, alias Yenleet, of versus Mare et Orien ac in Medway, ac in Portu c< Civitatis London predict, et super quamcunque " Ripam et super quodcunque Littus et quamcunque Wharfam eiusdem Aque Thamisie, infra " Limit, et Bund, predict, ac in super, et circa " quamlibet et quodlibet corundem: ac etiam per " totum Tempus predict, habuerunt et ceperunt, et " habere et capere debuerunt et consueverunt, ad " Usum eorum propeium, per Maiorem Civitatis " predicte pro Tempore existen. duran. Tempore Maioratus sui, vel per sufficien. Deputatos suos,

" omnia Vad. Regard. Feod. et Profit, eidem Officio " Ballivat pertinen. et spectan."

Then Three Books, of the Years 1631, 1655, and 1661, containing Entries of the Rates of the Customs

porting and cdnducting the same upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for " the casting of large Plate Glassfor making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes; and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Vox,. 40.

Clerk’s Office; and the Entries of the said last mentioned Duties were read, as follows:

" Com Inward, the Quarter - - Qr.

" And to the End more publique Notice may be 12 B " take*

b\

_ioogI<

io i4 250 Maii. A. 1785.

London Toll " taken of the Premisses, soe that the Officers em-

oa Corn. " ployed may not erre in taking either of lesse then

" is due, to the Wrong of the City, or of more then

" is due, to the Injury of particular Men; and that

" all who ought of Right to pay the same Duties " may be satisfied thereof It is Ordered, that Copies " of the said Rates bee hanged or fixed in all convient u Places at the Waterside; and this Court doth cc especially enjoyne all Persons, Freemen of this cc Citie, not to colour the Goods and Merchandizes " of Forreyners, which hath beene too often complayned of, to foe Wrong and Deceipt of the City " in their said Right and Customs, as they tender u the Observacon of their Oaths taken at their Admittance into the Freedom, and will avoid such " Punishments as may by Law, and the Customs " of this City, be inflicted for offending herein." Then

Thomas Fansfiaxv, Esquire, being examined, said, That in the Year 1752 he was appointed by the City of London Collector of the said Toll or Duty; that he executed the said Office himself for Twelve Years, and since that Time the Office has been executed by Mr. William Read, as his Deputy — That the Duties he collected were upon Com, Coals, and for Ground-age, which was paid for every Coal and Com Vessel anchoring in the Port of London, which Duties he received for the Use of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and paid the same, from Time to Time, into the Chamber of the said City. Then

Mr. William Read being called, informed your Committee, That he has acted as Deputy to Mr. Fanshaw for near Twenty-five Years, and has collected the said Toll or Duty of One Farthing per Quarter upon Com Inward, and accounted for the same to the City of London — That the said Duty has usually been collected from the Masters of Ships bringing Corn, immediately upon their Entry at the Custom House; and that such Duty was afterwards returned to such of the Proprietors of Corn as were Freemen of London, or to their Factors on their Behalfs, upon their producing Notes for that Purpose — That the Tenor of the Notes, claiming a Return of the Duty, were in various Forms (to wit) " my Property " — " are on "my Account" — "are mine" — " belonging to me" — "the Property of me" — " on my Account" — " received so much Corn," with their Names simply subscribed; and that several of the Factors, who sometimes made use of the Expression, " the Corn is my " Property," at other Times merely signed their Initials; and that the Witness always returned the Money, under the Idea that the Com was their own Property, and did not conceive it was claimed otherwise; if he had, he should not have returned such Duty — The Tenor of the Notes being so various,

it was the Custom of the Office to return the Duty upon all such Notes, till some little Time before the Dispute which arose about the Year 1772, when it was suspected that Demands were made by the tree-men Factors for the Return of the Said Duty upon Corn that was not their own Property.

The Witness then produced to your Committee an Account of the Yearly Receipts of the said Duty, from the Year 1754 to 1775, inclusive, together with the Amount of the Duty returned, and the Net Produce paid into the Chamber of London; which Account is hereunto annexed, N* 1.

And the Witness further said, That he has attended the Trials at Law upon Questions respecting the Payment of the said Duty, where it has been proved, that the Duty so paid back to the Corn Factors has not been accounted for or allowed to their Employers. — And he added, that if such Claim were to be established, it would totally annihilate the Duty, the Witness not knowing of any Corn Factor who is not a Freeman of the City of London.

Mr. Fanshaxv being again called, confirmed Mr. Read's Evidence, as to the Manner of the Receipt and Return of the Com Duty during the Time he acted personally as Collector. — He also agreed, that the Claim now set up would annihilate the Duty. And

Philip Wyatt Crcrwthei’, Esquire, Solicitor to the City of London, being examined, said, That the first Ground upon which the Return of the said Duty wras claimed, was that of an Exemption, but which Ground was afterwards relinquished; and they now rest their Claim upon a Right to receive the Duty to their own Use, as Freemen Factors of the City of London, although the Corn so consigned confessedly belonged to, and was the Property of, Non-Freemen.

And the Witness added, That in Consequence of several Decisions in the Courts of Law, respecting the City’s Right to the said Duty, no Redress can (as he is advised and believes) be had by any Mode of legal Proceeding.

Mr. Joseph Bushnany Assistant Comptroller of the Chamber of the City of London, being examined, said. That the City of London have, from Time to Time, expended large Sums of Money in the Conservancy of the River Thames, and the Maintenance of the Port of London, with the public Stairs and Landings adjoining to the River. Then

Mr William Montagu, principal Clerk in the Chamberlain’s Office, produced to your Committee an Account of the Money expended by the City of London, in keeping in Repair the Avenues to the River Thames, and the public Stairs and Docks thereof, and on Account of the Conservatorship of the said River, from Christmas 1764 to Christmas 1784; which is hereunto annexed, N* 2.

APPENDIX*

London Toll on Corn.

£ Geo. III. 250Mcui. J015

APPENDIX, N* 1.

The TOTALS of the several Accounts of the Receipt of Duties of Water-Balliage, Eastwards, for the City of London, for the several following Years, which were delivered in to the Court of Aldermen, by Thomas Fanshawe, Esquire, Collector,

DATE OF THE YEAR. Corn. Return upon Corn. Balance.

Rep. — Janssen N-159, so. 359. 1754 29th April 1755 £ 470 s. 4 5 £ s. 281 18 d. 8| 1- 188 S. 5 d. 8f

Rep. — Bethell - - - N* 163, so. 109, 1755 6th February 1759 461 6 7i 272 2 if 189 4 5*

Item - - - so. 110, 1756 Item 412 14 1 250 2 6 162 11 7

Item - - - so. in, 1757 Item 448 10 71 259 7 2f 189 339 3 51

Item - - - so. 112, 1758 Item 703 801 9 364 7 —: 2 H

Rep. — Blakiston - - N° 165, so. 109. 1759 loth February 1761 17 5i 419 18 3 381 *9 2*

Item - - - so. 110, 1760 Item 878 8 489 7 lOf 389 lOf

Rep. — Fludyer - N° 166, so. 95. 1761 16th February 1762 807 9 "f 54' 19 1 265 10 6*

Rep. — Beckford - - N° 167, so. 149, 1762 15th February 1763 734 19 lOf 524 — 51 210 l9 4i

Rep. — Bridgen - - N° 168, so. 94, 1763 14th February 1764 595 2 -i 445 '4 3 i 149 7 8 i

Rep. — Stephenson - N° 169, so. 155. 1764 12th March 1765 784 7 n 5 66 14 10| 217 12 9*

Rep. — Nelson - N* 170, so. 103, 1765 18th February 1766 857 16 ii 653 3 51 204 12 7 i

Rep. — Kite - - - N* 171, so. 159. 1766 3d February 1767 726 17 lof '561 12 8i 165 5 1 *

Rep. — Harley - N° 172, so. 143, 1767 9th February 1768 765 id — f 604 14 2| 161 4 10*

Rep. — Turner - N° 173, so. 240, 1768 18th April 1769 1,005 1 8* 808 19 2* 196 2 5*

Rep. — Beck, and Tre& N* 174, so. 110, 1769 6th February 1770 1,027 16 851 15 7 176 — 10*

Rep. — Nash - - - N* 176, so. 119, 1770 4th February 1772 831 19 7f 701 14 — 130 5 7r

Item - - - so. 120, 1771 Item 856 12 2f 761 15 10* 94 16 3*

Rep. — Bull - - - N° 178, so. 143, 1772 15th March 1774 1,004 872 15 7 889 17 8 114 17 11

Item - - - so. 145, 1773 Item 12 2} 760 9 3f 112 2 nf

Rep. — Wilkes - N° 179. so. 237, 1774 21st March 1775 932 8 iof 843 3 9i 89 15 1

Rep. — Sawbridge - N" 180, so. 123, 1775 6th February 1776 939 2 3i| No Return this Year.

APPENDIX, N° 2.

A STATE of the Money expended by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty of the City of London, in keeping in Repair the Avenues to the River Thames, and the public Stairs and Docks thereof, and on Account of the Conservatorship of the said River, from Christmas 176410 Christmas 1784.

To Repairs and other Expences of the Avenues, Stairs, and Docks, &c. for 20 Years, ending Christmas 1784 -

To the Expence of Searches on the River, and Courts of Conservancy -

To Clothing and Badges for the Watermen, per Annum To Mr. Water-Bailiff’s Salary, per Annum -

Annual Expence, about -

Total of 20 Years. 1 The Average per Annum.

£ d. £. S. d.

6,950 12 8 347 10 7

7,768 13 10 388 8 8 75 141 13 4

- - £ 952 12 7

Sundry other Items of Expence are included in the City’s Artificers Half Yearly Bills, and Law Expences included in the City Solicitor’s Bills, for prosecuting Persons guilty of Obstructions, Encroachments, and Nuisances, upon the River Thames.

N. B. The Water-Bailiff has been allowed, from 1782, £.118. 6. 8. more than the above Salary of £. 141. 13. 4.

Vol. 40. Ordered\

io 16 25 0 Mai 1785.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better enforcing the Payment of, and securing to the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, a certain Toll or Duty of a Farthing a Quarter for every Quarter of Corn imported, or brought by Water, into the Port of London, Eastward of London Bridge, and not belonging to the Freemen of the said City, or imported from the Cinque Ports, or the County of Kent: And that Mr. Alderman Watson and Mr. Alderman Nezvnham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Gibraltar An ingrossed Bill for authorizing the Prize Agents, Prize Money, appointed by the Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, to pay to the Agents of the Corps composing the said Garrison, all such Sums as shall remain, or come to their Hands, of the Bounty allowed for the Destruction of certain Spanish Ships of War, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act " for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay u to the Garrison and Naval Department of Gibraltar ct the like Bounty, for destroying certain Spanish Ships " of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on " board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking " or destroying Ships of War belonging to the u Enemy."

Ordered, That Mr. Grant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duchy of Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is

Lancaster concerned in the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the

Estate. Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Chancellor and " Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, " and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tene-<c ments within their Survey, and to encourage the " Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy;" and to enable, the said Chancellor and Council to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy, which Bill was, upon Monday last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit

Supply Bill. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Commercial Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

dthT'knd to reso^ve *nto a Committee of the whole House,

wi re and further of so much of His Majesty’s most

Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon

the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Ad-

justment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to sit again.

And the House having continued to sit till near One of the Clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Electiow-Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- County mittee of the whole House, this Morning, to consi- Vo, Jt5, der further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Ektias-upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Fiiday Mom-ing next, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the Second Day of June next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend the several Laws, now in being, giving Jurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise, and the Justices of the Peace, in Matters relating to thtf Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of their Sureties.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all " Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also, certain " Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made " in Great Britain."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland,

25 Geo. III. 250 — 26° Mail, I017

Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of and Propriety of ’establishing a Commercial Inter-, the Court of Admiralty in Scotland. course between Great Britain and Ireland, on Prin-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- ciples of Reciprocity and mutual Advantage, but are

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Opinion, that the Resolutions lately passed in the

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Parliament of Ireland\ and which are now the Subject

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. of Deliberation in the House, will, if passed into a

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Law, prove highly prejudicial to the Landed Interest itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the of this Country, as well as to its Commerce and Ma- Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops nufactures, on which the Prosperity of the Landholder within Great Britain. must ever depend: And therefore praying, That

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- these Resolutions may not pass into a Law; or, at

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole least, that the further Consideration of them may be

House, to; consider further of the N Supply granted to delayed until another Session of Parliament, in order His Majesty. that a Measure which so deeply involves the Interest

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve of the whole Kingdom, may be canvassed and de-itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon cided upon with that Deliberation which the great

the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Importance of its Object, and the Seriousness of its

Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Consequences, require.

Debentures. A Petition of the Tallow Chandlers, Soap Boilers;

and others, interested in the Town and Neighbour-And then the House adjourned till this Morning, hood of Manchester, was also presented to the House;

Ten of the Clock. and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are

justly alarmed at the Irish Propositions now before the House, and which, though considerably altered from

;---: the original Propositions moved by Mr. Orde in the

Irish House of Commons, and afterwards in this House

Jovis, 26° die Mail;

Anno 250 Georgii III,a Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

Glasgow rm ^H E Order of the Day being read, for the Se-Scots. nmCS cond R^ing of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for continuing and rendering " more effectual, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " continuing the Duty of Tw-q Pennies Scots, or QneSixth of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale u and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City €C of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the VII-€t lages of Gorbels and Port Glasgow, and Privileges " thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages;"

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Commercial A Petition of the several Manufacturers, whose Intercourse Names% are thereunto subscribed, from their General uith Ireland. Chamber of Manufacturers of Great Britain, on Behalf of themselves, and of those whom they employ and represent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are allied by the strongest Ties of Interest and Affection towards the Sister Kingdom, Ireland, and are sincerely desirous that every Thing may be done, consistent with the Welfare of both Kingdoms, to preserve and increase their mutual Attachment; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, the Commercial Treaty, now under the Consideration of the House, notwithstanding the pro- posed Alterations, would, if confirmed, have a Ten-

dency to destroy that Harmony which ought to sub-

1 sist between the Two Kingdoms, rather than to promote

i' that Union upon which the general Prosperity of the

i British Empire depends: And therefore praying, That

5 Time may be granted, to consider duly the Con$e-

3 quences of these Resolutions, before they are finally

concluded upon.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Commissioners lf of Supply, and other Heretors of the County of Fife,

met at Cupar, on the 17th Day of May 1785, was also 5- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

r That the Petitioners are fully sensible of the Justice

I V 0 l. 40.

by the Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchequer, are still, in the Petitioners Opinion, notwithstanding such Alterations, of such a Tendency as must, in a short Time, totally ruin their Businesses in this Country, and consequently involve the Petitioners, and their Dependents, in the greatest Distress: The Petitioners, therefore, confiding in the Wisdom of the House in the forming of a Commercial Treaty between Great Britain and Ireland, which will lie for ever irrevocable, earnestly intreat the House to deliberate upon, and defer coming to any Decision on, a Question of so much National Importance, till sufficient Time hath been had for the due Consideration of the whole System now before the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Cordwain-ers, Sadlers, and others, of the . Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, interested in; the Leather Trade, was likewise presented to the House, and read, Setting forth, That the Petitioners are justly alarmed at the Irish Propositions now before the House, and which, though considerably altered from the original Propositions moved by Mr. Orde in the Irish House of Commons, and afterwards in this House by the Chancellor of His Majesty’s Exchet quer, are still, in the Petitioners Opinion, notwithstanding suefi Alterations, of such a Tendency, as must, in a short Time, totally ruin the Manufacture of Leather in this Country, and consequently involve the Petitioners, and their Dependents, in the greatest Distress: The Petitioners therefore, confiding in the Wisdom of the House in the forming of a Commercial Treaty between Great Britain and Ireland, which will be for ever irrevocable, earnestly intreat the House to deliberate upon, and defer coming to any Decision on, a Question of so much National Importance, till sufficient Time hath been had for the due Consideration of the whole System now before the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Hawkey thereunder written, commonly called The Society of und Pedlars.

K> C Travelling

Hawktr* tod PcdUun.

voi8 26° Mali. 1785.

Trmdliag Scotchmen belonging to the Tenon of Bridge sell the greatest Part t>f their Goods, being several north, in the County of Salop, and others, concerned and Miles distant from any Town, the Expences of Jour-mtereeted with them in the Trade by them carried on, -nies alone, in case the Petitioners Trade should be was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, prohibited, would add so much to the real Prices of That the Petitioner, William Macmxchad, is one of the Goods, as greatly to discourage and lessen the the Principal of the said Society, and purchases Goods, Consumption thereof, and consequently tend to dels the Sdk, Linen, Muslin, and Lace Way, from crease the Revenues of the Kingdom; and that the the several Manufacturers thereof in different Parts of Petitioners have always chearfully submitted to and Great Britain and Ireland, to furnish the Travelling paid, and are willing and desirous to pay, all such Scotchmen therewith, and bath now a Capital of Taxes and Duties as Parliament hath thought, or may J*oooo, and upwards, employed in the said Trade; think fit to impose upon them as their reasonable and nod that the said Society are concerned to hear, that it proportionable Share of the necessary Supplies to be is proposed in Parliament to repeal the Laws now in raised for the Exigencies of Government; that the being for licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, as the Duties at present payable by the Petitioners alone, Petitioners will be great Sufferers if such an Event exceed the probable Produce of the proposed Tax 011 should take Place, they having been several Years Retail Shops within the whole County of Westmoreland, employed in that Business, anc\t have no other Way and all the Shopkeepers in the said County, who wilL of getting a Livelihood, and, the several Persons be subject to the said proposed Tax, are Wholesale, residing in the County of Salop, and who purchase as well as Retail Dealers; and that the Petitioners,

Goods of the Petitioners, living at a great Distance from the Nature of their Trade, being obliged ai-from Market Towns, will be materially inconvenienced ways to have large Stocks of Goods on Hand, and to by such a Measure; and that the Petitioner, the said give Credit with the greatest Part of their Goods to a William Macmkhuel, hath now outstanding Debts to very great Number of Persons^ at considerable Dis-the Amount of £. 3,000, and upwards, due to him tances from each other, apprehend, that, in case of a for Goods sold upon Credit to the Travelling Scotch- Repeal of the Laws by which they are now protected, men, and the said Travelling Scotchmen (who are all a great Part of the Debts due to them w'ould be unlicensed according to Law) have also due to them, avoidably lost, as well from the Difficulty of collect-from their Country Customers, the Sum of £*1,500, ing the same, as from the necessary Expence attend-and upwards, the greatest Part of which will probably ing such Collection, without the Petitioners being at be lost (or at least they will be put to great Difficulty Liberty to carry on any Business in the moan Time in recovering it) should they suddenly be deprived of to countervail such Expence, and thereby, and by the Liberty of going their usual Rounds, which are the Petitioners being obliged to sell off their Stocks wide and extensive, whereby they will be rendered on Hand, immediately, to great Disadvantage, many incapable of discharging their Engagements, and Manufacturers and Wholesale Dealers, of whom the themselves and their Families reduced to Poverty: Petitioners have taken Credit for the same Goods,

And therefore praying, That the House will take their must necessarily be reduced to a State of Bankruptcy;

Case into Consideration, and not restrain them from and that, independent of these Considerations, to decarrying on their Business as usual, as they shall chear- prive the Petitioners, or any other Body or Class of folly pay the present, or any additional Tax that Par- Men, without any Fault of their own, of the Power

liament shall think proper to lay upon them for their of exercising their honest and lawful Callings and

Licences, or at least that they may be permitted to Trades, and thereby to condemn them, indiscrimi-follow their said Trade for a certain limited Time, to nately, to Indigence, Misery, and Inaction, and that, enable them to recover their. Debts, and contract their without any possible Advantage to the Public, the Business. Petitioners submit would be an Act of unprecedented

A Petition of the Licensed Hawkers and Pedlars Cruelty and Oppression: And therefore praying, That trading from Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, the House will suffer them to retain the Enjoyment was mo presented to the House, and read; Setting of the common Privileges of the other Subjects of

forth, That the Petitioners have been regularly bred this Realm, and not pass any Act for the Repeal of

up to, and exercised their Business of Hawkers and those Laws by which they are at present protected Pedlars under the Authority of several Acts of Parlia- therein.

ment, which having made the Duties payable by the And the said Petitions were severally ordered to Petitioners for their Licences perpetual, held out to lie upon the Table,

the Petitioners the Hope of their enjoying a permanent

Protection and Security, to which they conceive them- Sir Richard Kill reported from the Committee, to Topp>

selves entitled equally with every other Class and De- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, EtUl<* scription of the Subjects of this Realm, and cannot An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Topp, forbear to deprecate the withdrawing that Protection, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Mont-a Measure which must unavoidably be attended with gomery, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his immediate Ruin and Beggary to the Petitioners, and Debts and Legacies, and the Costs of Suit, pursuant that without any Crime proved, or even Charge to the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and for brought against them; and Representing to the House, discharging Part of the Estates so vested from a per-that, so far from the Business of the Petitioners being petual Yearly Rent Charge, and for subjecting Part detrimental to the Trades of the Manufacturers, the of the said John Topp’s devised Estates to the Payment Petitioners conceive that it is, especially in the Nor- thereof, was committed; That the Committee had them Counties of England, of great Utility thereto, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the not only by Reason that the Petitioners buy all their same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Goods of the Manufacturers and Wholesale Dealers, given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of but also, that the Petitioners, travelling in the most the Committee; and that the Committee had direct-frugal Manner, and at an easy Expence, are enabled ed him to report the Bill to the House, without any to supply the remote and thinly inhabited Parts Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the of the said Counties with such Goods at a more mo- Clerk’s Table.

derate Profit and less Price than they could otherwise And the said Bill was read the Third Time, be supplied therewith, whereby the Demand for, and Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Consumption of, the Manufactures of this Kingdom Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to

are greatly increased and promoted; and that many the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Parts of the said Counties, and where the Petitioners agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

9 An

as Geo. III. a6° Mail

1019

Reading An ingrossed Bill for paving the Footways in the

Paving. Town of Reading, in the County of Berks; for cleans-

ing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; and for removing incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks; for better repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Borough; and for removing incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Neville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Poultry and Mr. Alderman Newnham reported from the Cora-

Wood Street mittee, to whom the Bill to enable the Mayor and Comptm. Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to pull down The Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City, for the Purpose of re-building the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iu at the Clerk s Table: Where the Report was+ead.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved', That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Insolvent Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen

Debtors. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases.

Bankrupts. Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of Bankrupts, and for regulating the Time of issuing Commissions of Bankruptcy: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Ord, and the Master of the Rolls, do prepare, and bring in9 the same.

Cordage Ma- Ordered\ That the Report which was made from the

nufacture. Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Crown Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Debtors. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Mr. Alderman tVatson presented to the House, ac- London Toll cording to Order, a Bill for better enforcing the 011 Con* Payment of, and securing to the Mayor and Cpra-monalty and Citizens of the City of London, a certain Toll or Duty of a Farthing a Quarter for every Quarter of Corn imported, or brought by Water, into the Port of London Eastward of London Bridge, and not belonging to the Freemen of the said City, or imported from the Cinque Ports, or the Chunty of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Thomas Cocksedge, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of the City of London, carrying on the Trade or Business of Corn-factors within the Port of London, on Behalf of them* selves, and all other Freemen of the said City, using or exercising the said Trade, or Business, within the said Port of London, which was presented to the House upon the 18th Day of March last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Coun* sel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the Third Day of June next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Supply Bill; House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole shoPTax* House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee* That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Master Shoemakers of the City Commercial of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Leather Manufacture has ever been considered as one of the greatest Objects of National Concern, both on Account of the large Revenue it produces to Government, and the very great Number of Persons to whom it affords constant Em-

upon the Bill for the more easy and effectual Sale of plovment; and the Petitioners therefore hope they Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, will not be deemed wanting in Respect, if, upon this

or of their Sureties, be now read. important Subject, in which their individual Interests

And the said Order being read accordingly; are totally involved, they presume to solicit the most

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. serious Attention of the House, before the Proposi-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amend* ment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Vol. 40.

tions for a Commercial Treaty with Ireland are brought to a final Determination: The Petitioners, notwithstanding the very great Alarm excited in their Minds by the Irish Resolutions, have deferred Petitioning to this late Period, in Hopes that something might perhaps be devised, in the Wisdom of the House, to avert the impending Ruin of their Manufacture; and the Petitioners are now impelled, by the Sense of the Duty they owe to their Country and to

themselves,


Hawkers and

Pedlars.

1020 ' 26° Mail* 1785.

themselves, to state their well-grounded Fears to the would be a very great Injury to the Petitioners, many House, lest it might be inferred, that the Causes of of whom baye been several Years in the Business, and their Apprehensions are removed: The Advantages have no other Way of supporting themselves and possessed by Ireland over this Kingdom in the Leather Families, and also be an Inconvenience to their $e-Trade are great and manifold, and the Cheapness of veral Country Customers living at a Distance from Provision, and consequent low Price of Labour, will Market Towns; and that the Petitioners, Carrie and give instant Operation to these Advantages in a ' Craig, have Debts due to them for Goods sold upon Manufacture (like the Petitioners) which may be Credit, to the Amount of £16,000, and upwards, learned upon easy Terms, and in a very short Period; and the Travelling Scotchmen, their Debtors, who and the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that Ire- are all licensed according to Law, have also due to land, being a grazing Country, produces very great them upwards of £10,000; and if they should be Quantities of Raw Hides and Skins, and exports them suddenly deprived of the Liberty of going their usual ioto Gi'eat Britain, without which our Manufacture Rounds, which are wide and extensive, it is pre-of light Shoes could not be carried on for Exporta- sumed that the greatest Part of the said Debts will be tion, and although the Power of prohibiting the lost, and of course they cannot discharge their En-Exportation of Raw Skins from Ireland is removed, gagements, and will be greatly distressed, and deprived yet the Temptation to withhold them is still held out of the only Method of getting an honest Livelihood, to that Kingdom, and therefore the Evil will as cer- in the Way they have always been accustomed to: And tainly fall upon our Leather Manufactures as if the therefore praying, That the House will take the Peti-Power of prohibiting had been permitted to remain tioners Case into Consideration, and not restrain them in full Force; and the Petitioners beg Leave to re- from carrying,on their Business as usual, as they shall present, farther, that Raw Hides and Skins which chearfully pay the present, or any other additional Tax-are imported from Ireland are subject to a Duty of that Parliament shall think proper to lay upon them for Five per Cent, and a further Charge of Seven and One their Licences; or at, least that they may be permitted Half per Cent. for salting, to preserve them, which, to follow their said Trade, for a certain limited Time, -together, make Twelve and One Half per Cent, in to enable them to recover their Debts, and contract Favour of the Leather Manufacturer in Ireland} in their Business.

the very Commencement of his Business, and will Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the afford him a clear decisive Superiority over the Ma- Table, nufacturer in Great Britain, whether his Goods come

to the British or Foreign Market; and that, as Ire- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Common

land enjoys, besides the above Advantages, a total a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of l»te»cour

Exemption from Excise Duties both upon the Leather so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Wlthlrcl itself, and upon every Article necessary to be used in Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of Janua/y carrying on this Business, there can be no Doubt last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial but the Irish will instantly exert themselves to culti- Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland. vate this Branch of Trade, which it lies so much Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

within their own Power to monopolize, unrivalled; Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the

and the Petitioners therefore hope, that some Me- Committee.

thod may be adopted to prevent such great Evils from Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

falling upon their Manufacture, and that some Plan Mr. Michael kngelo Taylor reported from the Corn-

may be devised to form a firm and lasting Union be- mittee, That they had come to several Resolutions;

tween Great Britain and Ireland, which, whilst it pro- wLicli they bad directed him to report, when the House

duces Energy to the whole Empire, may, as much as will please to receive the same.

possible,* embrace the . individual Interests of both Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Kingdoms, for which Purposes, the Petitioners con- Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor accordingly reported from

ceive, much more Time is necessary than the present the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Corn-Session of Parliament can, at this advanced Season, mittee had directed him to report to the House; which afford. he read ih his Place; and afterwards delivered in at

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Clerks Table.

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, , Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed, to whom it is' referred to consider further of so much Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses Committee of the whole House.

of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider between Great Britain and Ireland. of the said Report.

The- House accordingly resolved itself into the said A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Committee, thereunto subscribed, known by the Name of The Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Society of Travelling Scotchmen, belonging to the Town Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the

of Shrewsbury, and others concerned with them, and Committee.

interested in the Trade by them carried on, was Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth* Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com-

That the said Society hath been settled in the Town mittee, That they had come to several Resolutions;

of Shrewsbury ever since the Act for licensing Hawk- which they had directed him to report, when the House ers and Pedlars took Place; and that the Petitioners, will please to receive the same.

Willimn Conic and James Craig, are the Two Prin- Ordered, That the Report be now received, cipals of the said Society, and purchase Goods in the Mr. Michael Angelo 7dylor accordingly reported from Silk, Linen, and Hosiery Way, from the several Ma- the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Com-nufacturers thereof, in different Parts of Great Britain mittee had directed him to report to the House; which and Ireland, to furnish the Travelling Scotchmen there- he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at with, and have now a Capital of £20,000, and up- the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and wards, in the said Trade; and that the said Society are as followeth; viz.

are concerned to hear, that it is proposed in Parlia- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ment to repeal the Laws for licensing Hawkers and That it is highly important to the General Interests of Pedlars, for, if such an Event should take Place, it the British Empire, that the Intercourse and Commerce

between

5 Geo. III. $6° Mail.to

between Great Britain and Ireland should be finally Cockets, and other Instruments, to Which the like Commerftal regulated on permanent and equitable Principles, for Goods are now subject in passing from one Port of wj^rSanA the mutual Benefit of both Countries. Great Britain to.another. Wlt lfl dn ’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a full Participation of Commercial Advantages That, for the like Purpose, it is also expedient, that should be permanently secured to Ireland whenever a when any Goods, the Growth, Produce, or Manufac-Provision, equally permanent and secure, shall be ture of The British West India Islands, or any other of made by the Parliament of that Kingdom towards the British Colonies or Plantations, shall be shipped defraying, in Proportion to its growing Prosperity, from Ireland for Great Britain, they should be ac* the necessary Expences, in Time of Peace, of pro- companied with such original Certificated of the Re-tecting the Trade and general Interests of the Em- venue Officers, of the said Colonies as shall be re-pire. i quired by Law ,on Importation into Great Britain,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and that, when the whole Quantity included in one That, towards carrying into full Effect so desireable a Certificate shall not be shipped at. any one Time, the Settlement, it is fit and proper that all Articles, not original. Certificate, properly indorsed as to Quafttity, the Growth or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ire- should be sent with the first Parcel) and, to ideq-land, except those of the Growth, Produce, or. Manu- tify the Remainder, if shipped within a Time tQ be facture of any of the Countries beyond The Cape of limited, new Certificates should be granted by the Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, should be im- principal Officers of the Ports in Ireland\ extracted ported into each Kingdom from the other reciprocally, from a Register of the original Documents, specify-under the same Regulations, and , at the same Duties ing the Quantities before shipped from thence, by (if subject to Duties) to which they would be liable what Vessels, and to what Ports.

when imported directly from the Country or Place Resolved, That it^is the Opinion of this Committee,

from whence the same may have been imported into That it is essential for carrying into Effect the present Great Britain or Ireland respectively, as the Case Settlement, that all Goods exported from Ireland to may be, and that all Duties originally paid on Im- the British Colonies in The West Indies or in Americas portation into either Country respectively, except on or to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa,

Arrack and Foreign Brandy, and on Rum, and all should, from Time to Time, be made liable to such Sorts of Strong Waters, not imported from the JBri- Duties and Drawbacks, and put under such Regulations, tish Colonies in The West Indies, shall be fully drawn as may be necessary, in order that the same may not be back on Exportation to the other, but nevertheless, exported with less Incumbrance of Duties or Impositions that the Duties shall continue to be protected and than the like Goods shall be burthened with when granted as at present, by withholding the Drawback exported from Great Britain.

until a Certificate, from the proper Officers of the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Revenue in the Kingdom to which the Export may be That it is essential to the general Commercial Interests

made, shall be returned, and compared with the Entry of the Empire, that, so long as the Parliament of

Outwards. this Kingdom shall think it adviseable that the Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, merce to the Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope That it is highly important to the general Interests of to The Streights of Magellan shall be carried on solely the British Empire, that the Laws for regulating by an exclusive Company, having Liberty to import.

Trade and Navigation should be the same in Great into the Port of London only, no Goods of the Grow th,

Britain and Ireland, and therefore, that it is essential Produce, or Manufacture of the said Countries, towards carrying into Effect the present Settlement, should be allowed to be imported into' Ireland but

that all Laws which have been made, or shall be through Great Britain, and that it shall be lawful to

made, in Great Britain, for securing exclusive Privi- export such Goods, of the Growth, Produce, or Ma-leges to the Ships and Mariners of Great Britain, Ire- nut'acture of any of the Countries beyond The Cape of land, and the British Colonies and Plantations, and Good Hope, to The Streights of Magellan, from Great for regulating and restraining the Trade of the British Britain to Ireland, with the same Duties retained

Colonies and Plantations, such Laws imposing the thereon as are now retained on their being exported

same Restraints, and conferring the same Benefits, on to that Kingdom, but that an Account shall be kept the Subjects of both Kingdoms, should be in Force of the Duties retained and not drawn back on the in Ireland by Laws to be passed by the Parliament of said Goods exported to Ireland, and that the Amount that Kingdom for the same Time, and in the same thereof shall be remitted, by the Receiver General Manner, as in Great Britain. of His Majesty’s Customs in Great Britain, to the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, proper Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, to be placed

That it is further essential to this Settlement, that all to the Account of His Majesty’s Revenue there, sub-

Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or ject to the Disposal of the Parliament of that King-Manufacture of British or Foreign Colonies in Ame- dom, and that the Ships going from Great Britain to rica or The West Indies, and the British or Foreign any of the said Countries beyond The Cape of Good Settlements on the Coast of Africa, imported into Hopei o The Streights of Magellan, should not be re-Ireland, . should, on Importation, be subject to the strained from touching at any of the Ports in Ireland, same Duties and Regulations as the like Goods are, and taking on Board there any of the Goods of the or from Time to Time shall be, subject to upon Im- Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of that Kingdom, portation into Great Britain, or, if prohibited to be and that no Ships be allowed to clear out from /reimported into Great Britain, shall be prohibited, in like land for any of the said Countries but such Ships as Manner, from being imported into Ireland. shall be freighted by the sjiid Company, and which

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall have sailed from the Port of London: And that.

That, in order to prevent illicit Practices injurious to whenever the Commerce to the said Country shall the Revenue and Commerce of both Kingdoms, it cease to be so carried, on, solely, by such an exclusive is expedient, that all Goods, whether of the Growth, Company, the Goods, the Growth, Produce, or Ma-Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, nufacture of the said Countries beyond The Cape of or of any Foreign Country, which shall hereafter be Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, should be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, or into Ire- importable into Ireland from the same Countries from land from Great Britain, should be put, by Laws to which they may be importable into Great Britain, and be passed in the Parliaments of the Two Kingdoms, no other.

under the same Regulations, with respect to Bonds, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vo l. 40. 12 D That

1023 26° 1785.

CoWrcfcial That no Prohibition should exist in either Country* site to balance Duties on Internal Consumption, pur-

wuhlrcknd a^a’nst Importation, Use, or Sale of any Article, suant to the foregoing Resolution, or in Consequence the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the other, of Bounties remaining on such Article when exported except such as either Kingdom may judge expedient, from the other Kingdom.

from Time to Time, upon Com, Meal, Malt, Flour, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Biscuits, and except such qualified Prohibitions That, for the same Purpose, it is necessary, farther, that at present contained in any Act of the British or Irish no Prohibition, or new or additional Duties, should . Parliaments as do not absolutely prevent the importa- be hereafter imposed in either Kingdom on the Ex-

tion of Goods or Manufactures, or Materials of Ma- portation of any Article of native Growth, Produce, liufactures, but only regulate the Weight, the Size, or Manufacture, from the one Kingdom to the other, the Packages, or other particular Circumstances, or except such as either Kingdom may deem expedient, prescribe the Built, or Country, and Dimensions of from Time to Time, upon Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, the Ships importing the same, and also except on and Biscuits.

Ainmuhition, Arms, Gunpow der, and other Utensils Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

of War, importable only by virtue of His Majesty’s That, for the same Purpose, it is necessary, that no Licence; and that the Duty on the Importation of Bounties whatsoever should be paid, or payable, in every such Article fit subject to Duty in either Coun- either Kingdom, on the Exportation of any Article try) should be precisely the same in the one Country to the other, except such as relate to Corn, Meal, as in the other, except where an Addition may be ne- Malt, Flour, and Biscuits, and except also the Boun-cessary in either Country, in Consequence of an In- ties at present given by Great Britain on Beer and ternal Duty on any such Article of its own Consump- Spirits distilled from Com, and such as are in the Nation, or an Internal Bounty in the Country u'here ture of Drawbacks or Compensations for Duties paid, such Article is grown, produced, or manufactured, and that no Bounties* should be payable on the Ex-nnd except such Duties as either Kingdom may judge portation of any Article to any British Colonies or expedient, from Time to Time, upon Corn, Meal, Malt, Plantations, or to the British Settlements on the Coast Flour, and Biscuits. of Africa, or on the Exportation of any Article irar

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ported from the British Plantations, or from the Br't* That, in all Cases where the Duties on Articles of the tish Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or British Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country Settlements in The East Indies, or any Manufacture are different on the Importation into the other, it is made of such Article, unless in Cases where a similar expedient that they should be reduced in the King- Bounty is payable in Great Britain on Exportation dom where they are the highest, to an Amount not from thence, or where such Bounty is merely in the exceeding the Amount payable in the other, so that Nature of a Drawback, or Compensation of or for the same shall not be less than Ten and a Half per Duties paid over and above any Duties paid thereon in Centum where any Article was charged with a Duty on Great Britain; and that, where any Internal Bounty Importation into Ireland of Ten and a Half per shall be given in either Kingdom on any Goods manu-Centum, or upwards, previous to the 17th Day of factured therein, and shall remain on such Goods when May 1782; and that all such Articles should be ex- exported, a countervailing Duty adequate thereto may portable from the Kingdom into which they shall be be laid upon the Importation of the said Goods into the imported as free from Duties as the similar Com- other Kingdom.

modifies, or Home Manufacture, of the same King- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, dom. That it is expedient, for the general Benefit of the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, British Empire, that the Importation of Articles from That it is also proper, that, in all Cases where the Foreign Countries should be regulated, from Time Articles of the Consumption of either Kingdom shall to Time, in each Kingdom, on such Terms as may be charged with an Internal Duty on the Manufacture, effectually favour the Importation of similar Article* the same Manufacture, when imported from the of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the other; other, may be charged with a farther Duty on Im- except in the Case of Materials of Manufacture, which portation, adequate to countervail the Internal Duty are or hereafter may be allowed to he imported from on the Manufacture (except in the Case of Beer im- Foreign Countries, Duty-tree; and that, in all Cases ported into Ireland, as far as relates to the Duties where any Articles are or may be subject to higher now charged thereon) such farther Duty to continue Duties on Importation into this Kingdom from the so long only as the Internal Consumption shall be Countries belonging to any of the States of North charged with the Duty or Duties to balance which it America, than the like Goods are or may be subject shall be imposed; and that, whete there is a Duty to when imported as the Growth, Produce, or Ma-on the Raw Material of any Manufacture in one King- nufacture of the British^ Colonies and Plantations, or dom greater than the Duty on the like Raw Material as the Produce of the Fisheries carried on by British in the other, such Manufacture may, on its importa- Subjects, such Articles shall be subject to the same tion into the other Kingdom, be charged with such a Duties on Importation into Ireland, from the Countries countervailing Duty as may be sufficient to subject belonging to any of the States of North America, as the the same, so imported, to Burthens adequate to those same are or may be subject to on Importation from the which the Manufacture, composed of the like Raw said Countries into this Kingdom.

Material, is subject 10, in Consequence of Dufies on Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, such Material in the Kingdom into which such Ma- That it is expedient, that such Privileges of printing nufacture is so imported; and the said Manufacture, and vending Books, as are or may be legally possessed so imported, shall be entitled to such Drawbacks or within Great Britain, under the Grant of the Crown or Bounties, on Exportation, as may leave the same otherwise, and the Copy Rights of the Authors and subject to no heavier Burthen than the Home-made Booksellers of Great Britain, should continue to be Manufacture. protected in the Manner they are at present by the

Resolved, That it i9 the Opinion of this Committee, Laws of Great Britain, and that it is just that Measures That, in order to give Permanency to the Settlement should be taken, by the Parliament of Ireland, for now intended to he established, it is necessary that no giving the like Protection to the Copy Rights of the new or additional Duties should be hereafter imposed Authors and Booksellers of that Kingdom, in either Kingdom on the Importation of any Article Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the That it is expedient, that Regulations should be other, except such additional Dufies as may be requi- adopter!, with respect to Patents to be hereafter granted

for

T)nties on Gold and SiK er Plate.

Supply Bill; Navy, &c. Bills".

Spalding,&c, Hoads.

5 Geo. III. 'its — 'xf 1023

for the Encouragement of pew Inventions, so that, the Rights, Privileges, and Restrictions, therein granted and contained, shall be of equal Force and Duration throughout Great Britain and Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That* it is expedient, that Measures should be ta,ken to prevent Disputes touching the Exercise of the Right of the Inhabitants of each Kingdom to fish on the Coasts of any Part of the British Dominions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Appropriation: of whatever Sum the Gross Hereditary Revenue of the Kingdom of Ireland (the due Collection thereof being secured by permanent Provisions) shall produce, after deducting all Drawbacks, Re-payments, or Bounties granted in the Nature of Drawbacks, over and above the Sum of Six hundred and Fifty-six thousand Pounds in each Year, towards the Support of the Naval Force of the Empire, to be applied in such Manner as the Parliament of Ireland shall direct, by an Act to be passed for tha,t Purpose, will be a satisfactory Provision propprtioned to the growing Prosperity of that Kingdom, towards defraying, in Time of Peace, the necessary Expences of protecting the Trade and general Interests of the Empire.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on 'Friday Morn-ng:

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made id the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold " and Silver Plate imported; and also, certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in " Great Britain

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting the Foffbnt,&<j. Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Inclosure, several Parishes of Fqffont, Szvallowclift, Ebesborne Wakfr Broadehalk, Bowerchalk, Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the’ Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Fqffont, Szvallowclift,: Ebesborne Wake, Broadehalk, BoiverchalK Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hood presented to the House, according D'ukeofNor-to Order, a Rill to enable His Majesty to grant the thumber-Inhcritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Here4- land s Estate* ditaments, situate in or max. North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings, or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto, and also, of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle, in the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other Compensation as shall be a full Consideration for the same; and also, to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to HanmeEs whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate, to effectuate a Partition of the Estates of Job Hanmer,

Esquire, the Reverend Erasmus Warren, Clerk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffbl/c and Essex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Housp hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Veneris, 27° die Mail;

Anno 25° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785, Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Mary’s to Sutton Wash, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Marys to Sutton Wash, in the said County.

Vojl. 40,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Earl of Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estate of Aylesiord'* Heneage Earl of Aylesford\ in the County of Kent, for Estate, another Estate, of greater Value, in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof was read a Second Time.

Resolved,\ That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Page, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Clarke's Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Free- Estate, hold and Copyhold Estates of William Clarke, Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will for the Benefit of his Daughter, Mary Forbes, and her Issue, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Grant, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, new pewing. seating, Kiddertnin-r 6 and ter Church.

Banbury

Hoad.

Staffordshire, & c. Canal.

1024 270

and erecting Galleries, and making other Alterations and Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminstei\ in the County of Worcester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, new pewing, seating, and erecting Galleries, and making other Alterations and Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term, and explain and amend the Powers, of an Act, passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from the " Turnpike Road in Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottesbach, to the South " End of Mill Field, in the Parish of Luttencorth, " in the County of Leicester," was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford; And setting forth, That the Canals already made, and at a very considerable Expence, by the Petitioners and others, have already opened a Communication with large Tracts of Coal and Mines, which appear, by the said Bill, to be the Objects of the said intended Extension, and the Petitioners apprehend, that such Extension would not afford a cheaper Conveyance for Goods and Merchandize between the Town of Birmingham, and the Port of Bristol, and the intermediate Places, as stated in the said Bill, nor will the same be of great Public Utility, but such Extension will materially injure the Property of the Petitioners, as, they apprehend, it will render nearly useless Twelve Miles and an Half of their Navigation, without any Compensation being provided by the said Bill, or offered them for the same, whilst they observe, that a Compensation is to be given to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Company for the Loss of Tonnage which they would otherwise sustain by Reason of such intended Canal taking Place, and, that Powers are intended to be given to the Stourbridge Canal Company to lower and reduce the Rates of Tonnage on their Navigation, but no such Power is offered to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Interest of the Petitioners may be properly secured, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of their Petition, and against the said Bill.

Maiu A. 1785.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bancroft'! Act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying, staining, printing, and painting certain valuable Colours, throughout that Part of His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rewrley.it, Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Hiding of the County of York; without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Beverki Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving certain lnclusur‘* Lands, Grounds, Carrs, and Common Pastures, in Woodmansey, Theame, Weal, and Skidby, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wool-Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses comi,1°? committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yarn, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, 'Leicester, Rutland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Walwrns for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James IValuyn, E^-Esquije, in the County of Hereford, in the said James Walxvyn, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said James Walwyn, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. William Smith presented to the House, accord- Ctyb* ing to Order, a Bill for lighting and watching the Village of Glapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ma»f» Act for vesting the Estate of Drummodie, and others, EsWr< lying in the County of Wigton, in Sir William Maxwell, of Munrieth, Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for vesting in the said Sir William Maxwell, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Tail, the Estate of Little Killantrae, and others, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr: M‘Dowall, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

' ‘ An

25 Ge6. III.

27" Mail.

fhdtenhara, An ingrossed Bill for amending the Roads from a kc. Road*. Place called Piss's Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road, at a Place called Pewsdon Ash, and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilkenny, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Puinszt'ick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending the Roads from a Place called Piss's Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road, at a Place called Pewsden Ash, and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilkenny, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painswick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Master do carry the Bill to thte Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; The House being informed that Mr. UTitford, from Salt. the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended

at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Allowances made from the Duties on Salt carried Coastwise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Two Years ending the 5th of April 1784.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst thfe dthdr Papers of this Session.

Doty on Male The House being informed that Mr. Witford, from the Servants. Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Annual Produce of the Duty on Male Servants since the same has been unde* the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

hnprison- A Bill for regulating the Time for the Imprisonment by ment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecu-

Courts of tjons in courts of Conscience in London, Middlesex,

Conscience. aii(j Borough of Southwark, and for abolishing Pees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers or others, on Account of such Imprisonment, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Cotmuiftee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, Exchequer by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year On$ BlUs* thousand Seven hundred and Eighty^five, read the Third Time.

Vol. 40.

1025

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill'; Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for Shop Tax. granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Report be now brought up;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Astley, j

I Mr. Alderman Newn- j ham, " > 26.

Mr. Plumer: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly delivered the Bill, with tire Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques*4 tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause w*as Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall l»e then ingrossed;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the "Word "Wednesday and inserting the W7ord " Monday99 instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Wednesday" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Mohr " day" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Navy, &c. upon the Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Adjourn-House, this Day, adjourn tiil Monday Morning next. ment*

12 £ Ordered\

i'o2.6 370 Mati. A. 1785.

Expence of v Ordered, That there be lrfid before this House, an Gonvich. Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, arid which have not been made good by Parliament.

Address — t Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Issues on His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Addresses. give Directions, that there be laid before this Ho&se, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented tb His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Commercial A Petition of Thomas Edington, for himself, and in Intercourse Behalf of the other Partners of the Manufactory at with Ireland. (Jramond, in the County of Edinburgh, under the Firm of Caddis and Edington, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Alterations now made in the Irish Propositions will require Time to consider the Effect they may have upon the Manufactures carried on by the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will allow them a reasonable Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Transpor- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tition of for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and e °n8, other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Henry Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties payable on Certificates issued with respect to killing Game.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of imposing Duties on Coachmakers by Way of License, and on Carriages made by them.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; w'hich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Hawkers and A Petition of the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars trad-Pedlars. ingfrom Halifax and its Neighbourhood, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have been regularly bred up to, and exercised their Trade and Calling of Hawkers, §c. by the Authority of several Acts of Parliament,

which having imposed the Duties payable by the Petitioners for their Licences, held out to them the Hope of their enjoying a permanent Protection and Security, to which they conceive themselves equally entitled with any other Class or Description of the Subjects of this Kingdom, and cannot forbear to hope the same Protection will be continued to the Petitioners, otherwise it must unavoidably be attended with their utter Ruin, and without any Crime proved, or even surmised, unless by some interested Individuals; and Representing to the House, That, so far from the Trade of the Petitioners being detrimental to the Manufacturers or Traders, the Petitioners conceive that it is directly the contrary, for that it is of great Advantage to the Internal Commerce of this Kingdom, as, by the Petitioners, Goods are introduced into remote Parts in great Abundance, to the Encouragement of the Manufacturers, and great Increase of the Revenue; and that the Petitioners, from thd Nature of their Trade, being obliged to have great Stocks of Goods on their Hands, which they generally sell upon Credit to labouring Manufacturers and Mechanics, the Petitioners compute they have no less owing them of outstanding Debts in the Country than £.40,000, and they now stand indebted in large Sums to the different Merchants and Manufacturers of London, Glasgow, Manchester, Leicester, Nottingham, Carlisle,

6*. &;c. fyc. which, if the Petitioners be prohibited from following their lawful Calling, will reduce them to Beggary, and be a Means of making their Creditors Bankrupts, as the Petitioners will be totally unable to collect their outstanding Debts, if the Laws are repealed that protect them; and that the Petitioners have ahvays chearfully submitted to and paid, and are still w filing to pay, whatever Parliament hath or may think proper to impose upon them, as their reasonable and proportionable Share of the necessary Supplies to be raised for the Exigencies of Government, and, the Petitioners, independent of these Considerations, conceive that to deprive them, or any other Body or Class of Men, without any Fault of their own, of the Power of exercising their honest and lawful Callings, and thereby condemn them, indiscriminately, to Poverty and Distress, and that without any possible Advantage to the Public, the Petitioners submit would be an Act of unprecedented Cruelty and Oppression: And therefore praying, That the House will suffer them to retain the Enjoyment of the Common Privileges of the other Subjects of this Realm, and not pass any Act for the Repeal of those Laws by which they are at present protected therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Excise Reading of the Bill to explain and amend the several Law's now in being, giving Jurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise and the Justices of the Peace, in Matters relating to the Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w'hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Commit- Card; tee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Kuudi Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His /present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, scveral Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and " several other Towns and Places, in the County of

New Sarum

Council

Chamber.

Tollemache’s

Estate.

Insolvent Debtors.

25 Geo. III. 270 Mail. 1027

of Glamorgan " and for altering, repairing, and Mr. Dempster reported from the Committee, to whom Cromarty

widening certain other Roads within the said County, the Bill for the better preserving and maintaining the Harbour, &c.

was committed; That the Committee had exa- Piers and Harbour of Cromarty, in North Britain, was

mined the Allegations of the BUI, and found the committed; That the Committee had examined the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

through the Bill, and made several Amendments and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

thereunto, which they had directed him to report made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; directed him to report to the House; and he read the

»nd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table:

ments were Once read throughout; and then a Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tion severally put thereupon, One of them was dis- the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by agreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the the House.

House. Ordered\ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ingrossed. making Money raised under this Act liable to the

Demands under the former Act The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Rothwell

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Haigh lit-Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be Open Tract of Land, or Parcel of Uninclosed Ground, c,osurt-made Part of the Bill. called or known by the Name of Rothwell Haigh,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be within the Parish of Rothwell, in the West Riding of ingrossed. the County of York;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Bouverie presented to the House, according to Time.

Order, a Bill for the Removal and Rebuilding of Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the called in.

City of New Sarum; and for ascertaining the Tolls of And the said Bill was read a Second Time,

the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the And the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names

said City: And the same was received; and read the are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and First Time. other interested Persons, was also read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and

examined a Witness in Support of the said Petition, and An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act went through his Evidence, to enable the Honourable Wilbraham Tollemache, and And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard.

the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed

Building Leases of certain Parts of Lands and Here- to withdraw, ditaments, in the County Palatine of Chester (devised And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill,

by the Will of the Right honourable Lionel late Earl of Resolved’ That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Juysart) upon the Terms and Restrictions therein men- Duncombe, Mr. Rollet &c.: And they are to meet tioned, was read a Second Time. this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are td Pdnrhyn, Mr. Bouverie, &c.: And they are to meet have Voices, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber. Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their American

Order, Loyalist*.

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge presented to the House, A Statement of the Reports made to the Lords according to Order, a Kill for the Relief of Insolvent Commissioners of IJis Majesty’s Treasury, by the Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Commissioners appointed for enquiring into the Losses Cases: And the same was received; and read the First and Services of American Loyalists.

Time. And the Title of the said Statement was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. The said Statement is as followeth; viz.

A STATEMENT


1

A STATEMENT of the Reports made to the Lords Commissioners Of His Majesty's Treasury, by the Commissioners appointed for enquiring into the Losses and *4

Services of American Loyalists. O

Number of Persons who have lodged their Claims in Terms of the Act of Parliament

Property.

Total Amount of such Claims - 7,046,278. 15. 1.

2,063.

Debts.

£2,354,135- 12. 4-

Income.

£88,631.1. 4,

00

g

CQ‘

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

ft

1

ACCOUNT of the Number of Claims already examined, with the Total Amount of the Sum claimed, and the Nett Sum liquidated.

PROPERTY.

Claims made. Losses found, Debts not included. Claims. Losses.

N® of Claims* / Property. Debts. Alledged Income. / Benefices and Offices for Life. Offices during Pleasure, and Professions. Total. Y Estates for Life, Value of the Fee Simple.

£ s. £ *. d. £ s. d. £ 5. d.

First Report 149 534,705 2 2 136,225 18 1 201,750 4 7 18,518 17 — 1,281 9.745 11,026 31,616

Second Ditto - 149 693,257 6 5 212,398 13 — 150,935 lo — 10,725 13 — 617 6,428 7,645 550

h Third Ditto .87 682,718 18 — 163,591 15 10 191,989 6,505 135 3,807 3,942 8,096

385 C 1,910,681 6 7 512,216 6 11 544,674 14 7 £35,749 10 — 2,033 19,980 22,613 40,262

INCOME.

The above 385 Claimants ore classed as follows;

Persons who have borne Arms Persons who have rendered Services Not particularly classed -

79

47

259

"385

Losses by the Capture of Vessels under the Prohibitory Act.

£. *. d

1st Report ... 8.58 12 10

2d D° - - - 1,258----

£.2,116 12 10

Si

00

Cn

upply.

)uties on }old and iilver Plate.

Walwyn’t

Estate.

Bridport Market House, &e.

Christ

Church,

Bristol.

25 Geo. III.

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties " on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also " certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate " made in Great Britain."

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 30* die Mail; Anno 250 Georgii IIP Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act' for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James JValuyn, Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in the said James Walwyn, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said James Walwyn, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Scott reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down the Market House in the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and re-building the same, together, with a Session or Court House, in a more convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles, or Butcher Row; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Borough; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any Houses or Buildings, within the said Borough, for the future, with Thatch, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations, of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iii at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Vestry, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, in the City of Bristol, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he kread the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk 5 Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

Vo l. 40.

.To pfove the Allegatioris of the said- P.etitiQii,'

Mr. Jeremiah Osborne, Junior, being examined, said,

That the Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, is very much out of Repair, and being situate at the Corner of Two of the principal Streets of the said City, the one Street being between 17 and 18 Feet wide, \ and the other between 18 and 19 Feet wide, and by reason of some Houses and Tenements adjoining near to the said Church, the Passage is rendered narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous — That the taking down the said Church, and the Said Houses and Tenements, and the rebuilding of the said Church nearly on the present Scite thereof, so as to widen the Streets adjoining; would be of great Advantage both to the Parishioners and the Public, by enlarging a Passage in the Center of the said City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol* and for widening the Streets adjacent thereto: And that Mr. Brickdale and Mr. Cruger do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parnell's for Sale of a sufficient Part of the Estates of Hugh Par- Estate. veil, a Lunatic, for Payment of his Debts, and Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer,

Sir Hemy Hoghton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, and keeping in Whitechapel Repair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the Roads. County of Middlesex, to Shenfeld, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodjord, towards Epping; and from the Causeway in the Parish of Lora) Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodford next Chigueti; and through the Parishes of Clngwell and Lambourne, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from* the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodford next Chigwtll; and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lamboui'ne, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching ' the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Spirits the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, at- seized, tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Foreign and Home-made Spirits seized by the Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue since the 1st Day of October last, together with an Account of the Quantities of each staved and destroyed in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the " Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home " Consumption, and for granting and securing the " due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and " for the better Regulation of the making and vend-u ing British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption 12 F " as

1030 3°°

" as for Exportation, and for destroying oil Homemade and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation #c thereof, and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentash, in the County f* of Inverness, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indiesbeing in so far as relates to the Seizures made by the Officers of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Scotland — The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Spirits the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland', attended at

seize . the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Foreign and Home-made Spirits seized by the Officers of His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise since the 1st Day of October last, together with an Account of the Quantities of each staved and destroyed, in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Cardiff An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and

Hoads. Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff', and " several other Towns and Places in the County of " Glamorgan;" and for altering, repairing, and widening certain other Roads within the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening,

" and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and several other Towns and " Places, in the County of Glamorgan," and for making, altering, repairing, and widening certain other Roads within the said County.

Ordered, That' Sir Herbert Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Commercial A Petition of the Importers of Irish Linen Yarn, in Intercourse the Town of Manchester, was presented to the House, with rc and anj rea(j. setting forth, That the Petitioners are very apprehensive, that the Propositions for a Commercial Treaty with Ireland, even in their altered: State, will greatly affect and prejudice themselves and others, and the said Propositions being of such infinite Magnitude and Importance, and in their Nature irrevocable, the Petitioners dread the Consequences of their being finally concluded upon before Time is given for a more deliberate and hill Investigation of their Nature, Tendency, and probable Effects: And therefore praying the House not to precipitate the Business to a Conclusion at this advanced Period of the Session, as they hope and trust that, if further Time is granted, some more fair and equitable System- may be formed, by which Ireland may gain every reasonable Advantage, without so materially affecting the Interests of Great Britain.

Mali. A. 1785.

A Petition of the Small Ware Manufacturers of the Commercial Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was Intercourse also presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, With re and* That the Petitioners* having heard of the Resolutions moved in the Irish House of Commons, and afterwards introduced into this House, humbly express their great Regret at so dangerous and destructive a System, and, as the Petitioners have been very recently informed of several Alterations made in such Resolutions, they therefore entreat the House not to come to any decided Vote upon such Alterations until Time hath been allowed to consider their Tendency and Operation, as such Alterations are to establish a par-manent, unalterable, and irrevocable Treaty between England and Ireland.

A Petition of the Check Manufacturers of the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners, justly alarmed with the injurious Tendency of the Resolutions moved in the Irish House of Commons on the 7th of February last, and afterwards introduced into this House, now humbly express their great Regret at so dangerous and destructive a System, and, as several Alterations have been made in the proposed System, the Petitioners entreat the House not to come to any determinate Vote upon them, until Time hath been allowed to consider the Tendency of such Alterations, which are to be the Basis of an eternal and irrevocable Treaty between England and Ireland.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was likewise presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Leave to approach the House with the warmest Sentiments of Veneration and Respect, for the late salutary Interposition of its Wisdom and Authority in altering and amending the dangerous Principles of the Irish Propositions, which so imminently threatened the Welfare and Prosperity of the Manufactories of the said Town; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that such Alterations and Amendments have been brought forward and effected by the Alarm which the said Propositions had so justly given to the Manufacturers in general of this Kingdom, whose Petitions to the House contributed to that deliberate Inquiry and Investigation which could alone prevent the dangerous Effects which,’ the Petitioners presume, would inevitably have succeeded a precipitate Adoption of those Propositions; and that the Petitioners, so far as they are capable of judging, conceive that very great and alarming Evils are to be dreaded to the Manufactories of the Town of Nottingham, and of the Kingdom in general, if such Propositions, even in their present altered and improved State, should pass into a Law, and that nothing but the Wisdom and Virtue of the House, repeatedly employed in exploring the Principles and probable Effects of such Propositions, can afford the Petitioners a Confidence or Hope against the Adoption and Consequences of so dangerous a System: And therefore beseeching the House, That the said Propositions may not, in any State or Form whatsoever, during the present Session of Parliament, be carried into a Law, nor receive the Sanction of the House, but that further Time may be granted for investigating a Subject of such infinite Importance to the Commercial Interests of this Country.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Wholesale Haw Traders in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, was Pedl presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners have, for many Years past, been acquainted and had Dealings with the licensed Hawkers and Pedlars trading from Kendal aforesaid, whom 5 they

5 Geo. III.

3 b° Mai

they have experienced to be a most frugal, industrious* and useful Class of People, and not only greatly instrumental in promoting the Trade and Business of the Petitioners and the Manufacturing Trade of this Kingdom in general, but also of the greatest Utility and Convenience to that Part of the Country in which they travel, particularly to such Parts as are remote from any Market Town, and where a great Majority of the Inhabitants are not in Circumstances to take frequent Joumies to purchase Goods, and the Expences and necessary Loss of Time of which Journies would make so heavy an Addition to the real Cost of those Goods as greatly to discourage the Consumption of, and thereby tend to the Decrease of the Demand for, the Manufactures of the Nation, and of the Revenues thereof; and that many of the Petitioners have, on the Faith of several Acts of Parliament, which, in the Petitioners Apprehension, secured to the said Hawkers and Pedlars a permanent Protection in their Business, and from long Experience of their Integrity and Uprightness in their Dealings, from Time to Time sold very large Quantities of Goods to them on Credit, and which being again sold on Credit, not only their Trade with their Customers, but also their Dealings and Trade with the Petitioners, have been long ago thereby reduced and brought into a regular Channel, and of course the Debts due from them to the Petitioners constantly amount to large Sums of Money, which are again due to them the said Hawkers and Pedlars, in small Debts, from a very great Number of People, unknown to, and at a great Distance from the Petitioners, and, from this Circumstance, it would be impossible for such Debts to be collected by any Persons but those in the same Trade, and who could sell Goods at the same Time they made such Collection; and that, in case the Trade of the Hawkers and Pedlars should be prohibited, a great Part of the Debts due from them to the Petitioners must be unavoidably lost, and the Petitioners Trade, and also the Demand for, and Consumption of, the Manufactures of this Kingdom, reduced, to the great Loss of all, and the utter Ruin of some, of the Petitioners, and the manifest Disadvantage and Decrease of the Public Revenue; and Representing to the House, That the Conduct of the said licensed Hawkers and Pedlars has been such as to entitle them to Encouragement and Protection, and the Petitioners cannot refrain from expressing their Astonishment and Concern at any Attempt to withdraw that Protection, and to introduce any Law which must condemn a most useful Class of Men indiscriminately, and without Cause, and not only without Advantage to, but to the manifest Disadvantage of, the Public, to a State of Vagrancy, Beggary, or compelled Idleness and Inaction, and be attended with so heavy a Loss to such of the Petitioners as have the greatest Part of their Fortunes intrusted in their Hands: And therefore praying, That the House will not pass any Act for the Repeal of those Laws which protect the Trade of the Hawkers and Pedlars, but suffer j them to continue the Exercise of such their Trade, and

( to enjoy the common Privileges of every Description of the Subjects of this Realm.

Ordered, That the said. Petition do lie upon the Table.

'cathe- Mr. Mainwaritig reported from the Committee, to

’’6 Middle- wj,om the Bill for better watching, lighting, and Streets. cieans[ng such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catiierine, near the^Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in the Provisions of certain Acts, passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Vol. 40.

1031

thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table-: Where the Amendments were Onee read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the se1- Papers to be veral Lists of British Vessels, entered and cleared at the printed. Ports of Jamaica, which were presented to the House by Mr. Daw, from the Office of One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, upon the 18th Day of this Instant May, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Usfe of the Members of the House.

The Earl of Courtonm reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would Address, be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He . will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Paisley Two cond Reading of the Bill to continue, and render more Pennies effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of Scots* the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed-for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrexv, forimproving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Plate Glass to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufac-upon the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the ture-Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reigti, intituled, "An Act to incorporate certain Persons " therein named, and their Successors, with proper " Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more " Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting " and conducting the same upon an improved Plan,

" in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the casting of " large Plate Glass;" for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company shall be charged, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for &c* granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, , was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered\

1032

30° Mali.

A. 1785.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and ingrossed. Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ways and Means.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, on Certificates issued with respect to killing of Game, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person in Great Britain, who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine, for the Destruction of Game (not acting as a Gamekeeper under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly registered) shall previously deliver in a Paper, or Account in Writing, containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person, to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, or to the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place where such Person shall reside, and annually take out a Certificate thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any such Person shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Two Pounds Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Deputation or Appointment of a Game-keeper, granted to any Person by any Lord or Lady of a Manor in England\ or the Dominion of Wales, shall be registered with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, and every such Deputation, or Appointment, by any Proprietor of Land in Scotland, shall be registered with the Sheriff, or Stew-art Clerk of the County, Stewartry, or Place, in w:hich the said Manor, or Lands, respectively lie, and the Gamekeeper so appointed shall annually take out a Certificate thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon every Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Certificate issued to any Person under any Deputation or Appointment of Gamekeeper, shall be ingrossed; written, or printed, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, exercising the Trade of a Coach-maker, be obliged to take out a License, and pay annually for the same the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty Shillings be laid upon every Four-Wheeled Carriage, upon which a Duty of Excise is now charged, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Ten Shillings be laid upon every Two-W.heeled Carriage, upon which a Duty of Excise is now charged, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Supply der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain DutiesG,0TeTl1 on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves, or Mittens, by Retail.; and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold under such Licences:

And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Tra^ House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases:

And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy arid effectual Crown Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of their Sureties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of their Sureties.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for granting to HisShop Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon Thursday " Morning next."

And the Question being put/ That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

The Marquis of '

Graham,

Mr. Rose:

Mr.' Alderman Sawbridge,

Mr. Alderman Nexmham:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

114.

87.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

111.

The Lord Mm-

caster,

Mr. Rose:

Mr. Alderman Newnham,

Mr. Alderman Sawbridge:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

Ordered)

25 Geo. III. 30°

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bankrupts. Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of Bankrupts, and for regulating the Time of issuing Commissions of Bankruptcy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Insolvent A Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for Debtors. the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

American A Petition of the Society of Owners and Masters of inaShips belonging to the Port of London, associated for ra c* the Protection of Shipping at the said Port, and now consisting of upwards of One hundred and Seventy Members, was presented to the House, and read; Setting torth, That the Petitioners have observed, with great Concern, that Attempts are making, by a Petition to the House from the West India Planters, to shew that there is a Necessity for opening a Commercial Intercourse between the United States of America and His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in The West Indies, by allowing the Inhabitants of those States to import Lumber, and other Articles of their Produce, into The British West India Islands in their own Ships; that such Necessity has arisen from a Want of British Ships sufficient for the Purpose of carrying on such Trade, and that such Want of Ships has been owing to that Loss which unavoidably attends the performing of such circuitous Voyages as those from hence to The West Indies by the Way of North America; and, the Petitioners, in Opposition to the Authors of such ill-founded and erroneous Suggestions, beg Leave to inform the House, That the British Ships employed in the West India Trade are more than sufficient for the carrying of all such Supplies as The British West India Islands may want from America as well as from Britain and Ireland; and that the Petitioners are Proprietors of Two hundred Sail of Ships, whose Burthens amount to upwards of 60,000 Tons (being only a Part of those employed in the West India Trade) and that, as many of them will be obliged to go from England to The West Indies in Ballast, through the Want of Freight Outwards, their Owners will be glad to let such Outward-bound Ships to those Planters and Merchants as shall be willing to engage to load them with Lumber or Provisions from any Port in The American States to The West India Islands, at the Freight now given to American Ships, or for such Freight as was given from their several Ports before the late War; and Representing to the House, That many of the Petitioners Ships, through the Want of Outward Freight, scarcely earn the Expellees they incur during their respective Voyages, and that, should the Ships of the United States be permitted to enjoy a tree Intercourse with The British West India Islands, a considerable Part of the carrying Trade of those Islands will soon be lost, and the Remainder much reduced in its Value, if not rendered absolutely ruinous to the Petitioners, and the Whole, or nearly the Whole, of that valuable Trade will thereby fall into the Hands of The American States, the Manufactures of all the European Nations, as well as those of Ammca, will be carried to The British West India Market, and the Naval Power of Britain

Vol. 40.

Matt. 1033

reduced in Proportion to the Loss sustained in her Commerce; that the Protection of her remaining Navigation will be rendered difficult and precarious, her distant Dominions exposed to Devastation and Conquest, and even her own much-envied Independence imminently hazarded: And therefore praying, That the House will take the above Facts into their most serious Consideration, and endeavour, by a due Exertion of their Wisdom and Power, to prevent those Evils which have a manifest Tendency so materially to affect the Interest of the Petitioners, narrow the Navigation of Britain, and involve her in Difficulty and Ruin.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners, and others concerned in Commercial the Manufacture of Tanned Leather, within the West Intercourse Riding of the County of York, was presented to the with Ireland-House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, by the Votes, that certain Propositions for settling a Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland are pending before the House; and that the Petitioners, from a deliberate Consideration of the Effects the said Propositions, if passed into a Law, will have upon the Tanned Leather Manufacture of this Kingdom, are deeply sensible that not only the Petitioners will be most materially injured by the inevitable Depression the said Manufacture must undergo in this Kingdom, and that a very great Number of Persons brought up to, and now employed in, that extensive Manufacture will be deprived of their usual Means of providing for themselves and Families, but that the very considerable Revenue arising therefrom to this Kingdom will be very sensibly diminished: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Propositions, so far as the same concerns the Petitioners, and that such Relief may be granted to them as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from pilchard the Committee who were appointed to enquire into Fisheries, the State of the Pilchard Fisheries, and to consider of the most effectual Means of securing and improving the same, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking Commercial into further Consideration the Report from the Com- Intercourse mittee of the whole House, to whom the Report with ,rftland-was re-committed, which was made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment; of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word €t now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words, u upon this Day " Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

12 G The

Camtaercial Intercourse with IrelaucL

1034

The Howe divided.

The Noes went forth.

»r n r XT f The Lord Maitland.

Tefers for foe Noes, j Mr Mnchin;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " That" and before the Words " a full," the Words " it i9 consistent

with the essential Interests of the Manufactures,

Revenue, Commerce, and Navigation of Great

f< Britain, that."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out from the Word %t Ireland" to the End of the Resolution, in order to insert the Words " Great Britain confiding in the " experienced Good Faith, Honour, and Generosity u of Ireland that in Proportion to her growing Pros-u perity, she will continue to contribute, both in Time fC of Peace and War, to the Protection of the General

Interests of the Empire," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the sepd Resolution, so amended, That it is consistent with the essential Interests of the Manufactures, Revenue, Commerce, and Navigation of Great Britain, that a full Participation of Commercial Advantages should be permanently secured to Ireland, whenever a Provision, equally permanent and secure, shall be made by the Parliament of that Kingdom towards defraying, in Proportion to its growing Prosperity, the necessary Expences, in Time of Peace, of protecting the Trade and General Interests of the jEmpire.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read

Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out from the First " Ireland" to the Words " such Laws."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting, after the Word

Plantations," and before the Word " such," the Word " and also concerning Seamen."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth and Sixth Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A. 1785.

The Seventh Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Words " from Ireland for u Great Britain" the Words " or from Great Britain u to Ireland "

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted:

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eighth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting after the Word " Africa" the Words c< or to the Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by adding at the End of the last Amendment the Words " or to any of the States of " North America"

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That it is essential for carrying into Effect the present Settlement, that all Goods exported from Ireland to the British Colonies in The West Indies, or in America, or to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or to the Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, should, from Time to Time, be made liable to such Duties and Drawbacks, and put under such Regulations, as may be necessary, in order that the same may not be exported with less Incumbrance of Duties or Impositions than the like Goods shall be burthened with when exported from Great Britain.

The Ninth Resolution of the Committee being react a Second Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the First Great Britain " the Words " except Dye-Stufls, Drugs, Cotton, or other u Wool, and Spiceries, which may be imported into " Ireland from Foreign European Countries, so long as " the same are importable from Foreign European " Countries into Great Britain"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That it is essential to the general Commercial Interests of the Empire, that, so long as the Parliament of this Kingdom shall think it adviseable that the Commerce to the Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan} shall be carried on solely by an exclusive Company, having Liberty to import into the Port of ifmdon only, no Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Countries, should be allowed to be imported into Ireland but through Great Britain, except Dye-Stuffs, Drugs, Cotton, or other Wool, and Spiceries, which may be imported into Ireland from Foreign European Countries, so long as the same are importable from Foreign European Countries iuto Great Britain, and that it shall be lawful to export such Goods, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan^ from Great Britain to Ireland, with the same Duties retained thereon as are now retained on their being exported to that Kingdom, but that an Account shall be kept of the Duties retained and not drawn back on the said Goods exported to Ireland\ and that 2 tht

308 M

0

} 87.

} 40.

-V

2$ Geo. III. > 3o6

the Amount thereof shall be remitted, by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs in Great Britain, to the proper Officer of the Revenue fri Ireland, to be placed to the Account of His Majesty’s Revenue there, subject to the Disposal of the Parliament of that Kingdom; and that the Ships going from Great Britain to any of the said Countries beyond The Cape of'Good Hope to The Sirdgkts of Magellan, should not be restrained from, touching at any of the Ports in Ireland, and taking on board there any of the Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of that Kingdom; and that no Ships be allowed to clear out from Ireland for any of the said Countries, but such Ships as shall be freighted by the said Company, and which shall have sailed from the Port of London: And that* whenever the Commerce to the said Countries shall cease to be so carried on solely by such an exclusive Company, the Goods, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, should be importable into Ireland from the Same Countries from which they may be importable into Great Britain, and no other.

The Tenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the First " except," the Words " upon the Importation of Salt from Ireland into Great Britain and."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out the Words " such " as either Kingdom may judge expedient from Time to Time upon Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Biscuits."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to" by the Housee.

The Eleventh Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " previous to," and inserting the Word cs on" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment w>as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That, in all Cases where the Duties on Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country are different on the Importation into the other, it is expedient that they should be reduced, in the Kingdom where they are the highest, to an Amount not exceeding the Amount payable in the other, so that the same shall not be less than Ten and a Half per Centum, where any Article was charged with a Duty on Importation into Ireland of Ten and a Half per Centum or upwards, on the 17th Day of May 1782; and that all such Articles should be exportable, from the Kingdom iuto which they shall be imported, as free from Duties as the similar Commodities or Home Manufacture of the same Kingdom.

The Twelfth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Word iC One," and inserting the Word either" instead thereof; by leaving out the Word " greater," and inserting the Word " less" instead thereof; by inserting after the Second " other" the Words " or equal to such " Duty;" and by inserting after the Word " arid,"" and before the Words <c the said Manufactures," the* Word " that."

Vo l. 40.

Man. 1035

And 1tie said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. *

-Resolved, That this House doth agree With the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That it is also proper,- that, in all Cases where the Articled of the Consumption of either Kingdom shall be charged Vvith an Internal Duty on the Manufacture; the same Manufacture, when imported froni the other; may be charged with a farther Duty ort Importation; adequate to countervail the Internal Duty On the Ma-> nufecture (except in the Case of Beer Imported frith Ireland, as far as relates to the Duties iiow charged thereOn) such farther Duty to continue so long only as the Internal Consumption shall be charged with the Duty or Duties to balance which if shall be im^ posed; and that, where there is a Duty On the Ra# Material of any Manufacture in either Kibgtidm, te&af than the Duty on the like Raw Material in the other$ of equal to such Duty, such Manufacture may, its Importation into the other Kingdom, be charged with such a countervailing Duty as rfiky be sbfccietit to subject the same, So imported, to Burthens adequate to those which the Mahiifactiife composed of the like Raw Material is subject to, in Consequent of Duties on such Material in the Kingdom into which such Manufacture is so imported 5 and that the said Manufactures, so imported, shall be entitled tef such Drawbacks of Bounties on Exportation, as may leave the same subject to no heavier Burthen than the Home-made Manufacture.

The Thirteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time; '

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " no," the Word " new."

And the said Amendment was, Upon the Question puff thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended; That, for the same Purpose, it is necessary, farther, that no new Prohibftron, or new or additional Duties, should be hereafter imposed, in either Kingdom, on the Exportation of any Article of Native Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, from the one Kingdom to the other, except such as either Kingdom may deem expedient, from Time to Time, uptin Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Biscuits.

The Fifteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto* by inserting, after the Second " payable," the Word9 " in Ireland."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question" put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to ,be ihade to the said Resolution, by adding at the End thereof the Words " and that where an Internal Bounty shall be given in either Kingdom, ofi the Sale of the €t Manufactures of either Kingdom, the same Bounty

shall be given on the Sale of the Manufactures im-<c ported into the other, or so much of the Duty ort " Importation of such Manufacture be reduced, as " may ldave the Manufacture of each Kingdom, whet* c‘ imported into the other, subject to no farther Burthen than the Duty upon Import, and the Duties* " countervailing the Internal Duties upon the Raw u Material."

And the Question being put, That tho^e Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

AeSblVed, That this House doth agrfee with ,tWe Committee in the said Resolution, sb amended, That, for tite same Purpose, it is necessary, that no'Bounties

whatsoever

Comflfcrc&I Intercourse with Ireland.

io36 3o° — 3:

Comi&rcial whatsoever should be paid or payable, in either King-Intercourse dom, on the Exportation of any Article to the other, with Ireiarxi. except such as relate to Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Biscuits, and except also the Bounties at present given by Great Britain on Beer and Spirits distilled from Corn, and such as are in the Nature of Drawbacks or Compensations for Duties paid; and that no Bounties should be payable, in Inland, on the Exportation of any Article to any British Colonies or Plantations, or to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or on the Exportation of any Article imported from the British Plantations, or from the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or British Settlements in The East Indies, or any Manufacture made of such Article, unless in Cases where a similar Bounty is payable in Great Britain on Exportation from thence, or where such Bounty is merely in the Nature of a Drawback or Compensation of or for t)uties paid, over and above any Duties paid thereon in Great Britain; and that, where any Internal Bounty shall be given in either Kingdom on any Goods manufactured therein, and shall remain on such Goods when exported, a countervailing Duty, adequate thereto, may be laid upon the Importation of the said Goods into the other Kingdom.

The Sixteenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out from the Words " British Empire that" to the Words " in all Cases."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out from the Words €i and that" to the End of the Resolution.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Seventeenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Second " Copy Rights of " the Authors and Booksellers of," and inserting the Words " similar Privileges and Rights in," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved', That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That it is expedient, that such Privileges of printing and vending Books, as are or may be legally possessed within Great Britain, under the Grant of the Crown or otherwise, and the Copy Rights of the Authors and Booksellers of Great Britain, should continue to be protected in the Manner they are at present, by the Laws of Great Britain; and that it is just that Measures should be taken, by the Parliament of Ireland, for

Bthe like Protection to the similar Privileges and s in that Kingdom.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That, in pursuance of a System which proposes full Participation of Commercial Advantages, on permanent and equitable Principles, for the mutual Benefit of both Countries, and fov the general Interest of the British Empire, it is just and expedient that ail Duties on the Import of Raw Materials of Manufactures should be the same in one Country as in

Maii, . 17S5.

the other; and that, where there is now any Difference, the Duties should be raised, in the Country where they are the lowest to the highest; and that where there exist any Prohibitions of any Foreign, Manufactures in either Country, the same should be mutually adopted and enforced in both Kingdoms; and that no Manufactures should be exported from the one Kingdom with a less Burthen of Duties, or with any superior Bounties, than what affect the Export of similar Manufactures from the other Kingdom;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be communicated to the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Confenw Lords, upon a Matter of the highest Importance to the general Interest and Welfare of the British Empire.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do goto the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Four of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Mlic itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Cleriu in itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- s*cr,tar7 sider of the Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Offi^ Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Scotland-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of Stssion. the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session, and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotlatid, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Waysi^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, M<m to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Supplj. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Duty on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Gold and Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for tc granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold " and Silver Plate imported; and also, certain Duties (t on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain." 1

And then the House adjourned till this Day, Twelve of the Clock.

Martis, ST die Maii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIIiU Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

A PETITION of William Robertson, in Name Commercial and Behalf of himself and of the other Partners Interconne of the Iron Manufactory at Glasgow, in the County of Lanerk, under the Name and Firm of William Robertson and Company, of William Cadell, for himself, and in

Behalf


25 Geo. III. 31 0 Mat 1037

Behalf of the other Partners of the Iron Manufactory at " the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing Cratnond, in the County of Edinburgh, under the Firm " the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shore-of Cadells and Edington, and of James Gordon, for him- " ditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for better self, and in Behalf of the other Partners of the Iron " enlightening the Open Places, Streets, Lanes, Pas-Manufactory at Dalnottar, in the County of Dumbarton, " sages, and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly under the Firm of Murdoch, Gillies, and Company, was " Watch and Beadles within the said Parish/’ and also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, of several others of the principal Inhabitants of the said the Petitioners, carrying on extensive Manufactories Parish, were severally referred: That the Committee in Iron, and employing a great Number of Hands in had examined the Matter of the First-mentioned their several Works, were, and are still, justly alarm- Petition (but had not proceeded upon the Seconded at the ruinous Tendency of certain Resolutions mentioned Petition) and had directed him to report of the Parliament of Ireland relative to the Trade of the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and both Kingdoms, and, by their Petition presented to he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards the House on the Day of this Month of May, delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same

prayed, that they might be heard, by themselves or was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Counsel, upon the Matter of a Petition which they To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned had presented on the Day of March last, but Petition, the said Acts of the Eighth and Sixteenth

the House thought proper to put a Negative on the Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were Petitioners being heard: That thereafter the House read. And,

had approved of certain Resolutions substantiating Mr. Richard Rutson being examined, said, That the Resolutions of the Parliament of Ireland, with the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the certain others in Addition to them; and that the Re- said Acts, and have raised nearly the Whole of the solutions approved of by the House, as they now stand, Money they were authorized to borrow, which has although they may tend to lessen much the Mischief been expended in the necessary Purposes of the said apprehended in some Cases, give no Relief to the Ma- Acts — That the Money so borrowed now remains nufacturers in Iron, who, there is Reason to appre- due, and cannot be repaid, nor the Whole of the hend, are still left exposed to the same gangers as Works compleated, unless the Trustees are authorized were pointed out from under the Original Resolutions to borrow an additional Sum of Money, and the

of the Parliament of Ireland: That those Resolutions Powers of the said Acts are made more effectual for

now introduced without previous Notice, and pressed the Purposes intended.

on the House without giving Time for mature and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

full Investigation, are such as require Time for con- amending Two Acts, of the Eighth and Sixteenth sidering their mature and probable Effects before a Years of His present Majesty, for opening certain final Determination: And therefore praying, That the Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, House will grant Time before a final Determination, and in the Parish of Saint , Leonard, Shoreditch, and such for further Amendments on those Resolutions which are Part of Hog Lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton to bind Two great Nations for ever. Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Mainwaring Table, ‘ and Mr. Alderman TVilkes do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

Duke of A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance Northumber- of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situ-land s Estate. ate in or near Scotland Yard\ in the County of

Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto, and also, of certain Ground contiguous to Tmmouth Castle, in the County of Northumberland\ belonging to the Duke of Northumberland\ or for such further or other Compensation as shall be a full Consideration for the same, and also, to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the Eighth Day of June next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Shoreditch Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

Streets. whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting

in Execution an Act, made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for putting in Execution another A<?t, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, lor amending, and rendering more effectual, the above-mentioned Act, and for extending the Powers of the said Act to such Part of a Lane, called Hog Lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the said County; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Vol. 40.

A Bill for lighting and watching the Village of Clapbam

Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the lighting and

County of Swrey, was read a Second Time. a c ing*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. William Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for taking down the Market Bridport

House, in the Borough of Bridport, in the County Market

of Dorset, and re-building the same, together with House>&c-a Session or Court House, in a more convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles, or Butcher Row; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Borough; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any Houses or Buildings, within the said Borough, for the future, with Thatch, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down the Market House, in the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and re-building the same, together with a Session or Court House, in a more convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles, or Butcher Row; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Borough; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the covering of any new Houses or Buildings, within the said Borough, with Thatch.

Ordered, That Mr. Howell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Pe^tion of the Merchants and Wholesale Deal- Hawktoand era in the Town of Liverpool, and its Neighbourhood, Pedlars.

12 H whose

Googh

New Sarum Council Chamber, *c.

Lords Answer to Message for Conference.

Conference.

1038 31° Mail.-

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House* and read; Setting: forth* That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, to repeal the several Acts for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars; and Alledging, That.numerous and important Advantages have resulted from the said diligent and useful Body of Men to the Trade and Manufactures of these Kingdoms, particularly in the various Branches of Silk, Cotton, Linen, and Worsted, and in almost every Article of Female Attire, whether for Use or Ornament; and, the Laws now in Force seem to have held out Promises of Permanence and Stability to that Branch of Traffic, the Taxes imposed thereon being, by the Acts of the Fifth and Sixth of Queen Anne, to continue from the 23d of June 1710, for 96 Years, and for One whole Year thence next immediately ensuing after the Expiration of the said Term of 96 Years; and that this Sanction of the Legislature of Britain has induced Numbers of industrious Traders to employ large Capitals in that Line of Business, and to give Credit, to a considerable Amount, in scattered Villages, remote Districts, and Houses far distant from Towns and Shopkeepers, which Debts can only be recovered by a Continuance of their stated Visits, and, if lost, would involve Thousands of worthy Families in Distress and Ruin: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the Removal and Re-building of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of Neco Sarum; and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hussey, Mr. Bouverie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Marquis of Graham reported to the House, That he had, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference; and that their Lordships will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do agree to a Conference with the Commons, and appoint it presently in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Jenkinson, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Henry Dutidas, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, the Lord Mulgrevce, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Joseph Mawbey, the Lord Hood, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Popham, Sir Adam Fer-gusson, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 25th Day of January last, as relates to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, be communicated to the Lords at the said Conference, together with the Resolutions reported from the said Committee, and which were Yesterday agreed to by the House.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over: And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

1785.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer repotted, That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President of the Council; and that they had communicated to their Lordships the said Resolutions y and had left a Copy of the same, together with a printed Copy of the Minutes of the said Evidence, with their Lordships.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the several Laws now in being, giving Jurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise and tire Justices of tho Peace in Matters relating to the Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties t: on all Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also, ic certain Duties on all Gold and Sivei? Wrought " Plate made in Great Britain"

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercitrii, 1° die Junn;

Anno 250 Georgii III*" Regis, 1785. Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent, in the room of Richard Atkinson, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for the better preserving and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Cromarty, in North Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preserving and maintaining the Pier9 and Harbour of Cromarty, in North Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Dempster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term, and explain and amend the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " the Turnpike Road m Banbury, in the County of " Oxford, through Daventry and Cottesbach, to the <c South End of MM Field, in the Parish of Latterworth, in the County of Leicester " was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term* and explain and amend the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from 7 " the

Googh

Excise

Laws.

Public

Accounts.

Clerks in Secretary of State Office.

Duty on Gold and Silver Plat

NewR<

Writ.

Crom

Iiarb<

Ban

Roa

luchy of ancaster state.

Blackfriars

Biidge.

Cordage Ma oufacture.

Treasurer of the Navy.

2f Gfid. III.

" the Turnpike Road in Banbury in the County of u Oxford, thiough Daventry and Cottesbach, to the n South End of Mill Field, in die Parish of Latter-u worthy in the County of Leicester?

Ordered, That Mr. Powys do carry the Dill to the Lord% and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of " the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of cer-" tain Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of " Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy;" and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be i»gros6ed.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike to be erected at or near Blackfriars Bridge, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing, the said Bridge, was committed; ITat the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further. Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, . agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy; without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 40.

futoiL 1039

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ashbon*, Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, &c. Road' made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the " County of Derby, over Be/par Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield " to Derby, at or near a Place called Opcnwood Gate,

" and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of " Derby f without any Amendmeitf: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Levi s Nat. Act for naturalizing Barnard Levi; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Beaumaris for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Here- School ditameilts, in the Parish of Llandegai, in the County of Estate-Carjiai'von, belonging to the Trustees of the Free School of Beaumaris, in the Right honourable Richard Lord Ptnrhyn, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and his Heirs, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Inglis’ dissolve the Marriage of John Inglis, Esquire, with Ann Divorce. Stewart, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Osborne's, to enable Elizabeth Osborne, Wdliam Symoiids, Thomas &c. Estate. Symonds Powell, and John Moore Green, their Heirs or Assigns, to convey certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Clehonger, in the County of Hertford, and which are now subject to the Trusts of the Will of the late John Smith, Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands in the same County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to* and held by them, respectively, upon the Trusts of the said Will of the said John Smith; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of tills House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto, to enable Elizabeth Osborne, William Symonds, Thomas Symonds Powell, and John Moore Green, their Heirs or Assigns, to convey certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Clehonger, in the County of Hertford, and which are now subject to the Trusts of the M ill of the late John Smith, Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands in the same County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them, respectively, upon the Trusts of the said Will of the said John Smithy was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Inglis'

Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Inglis, Esquire, Divorce, with Ami Stewart, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Linen, Cotton, and Silk Manufac- Ilawkers and turers, and Callico Printers, in the City of Glasgow, and Pedlars. Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read.

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for abolishing the Licences to Hawkers iand Pedlars; and Representing to the House, That, under the Sanction of repeated Acts of Parliament, and ’particularly under , an Act, of the Fifth of Queen extending these Licences for 96 Years, from that Period, the Hawkers and Pedlars have carried on their Trade, in which they have employed considerable Sums of > Money, and by their Industry and Perseverance, have contributed greatly to the Extension of many of the Manufactures both of England and Scotland, by introducing them into

Parts

1

1040 i ° JuniA. 1785.

Parts of the Country where they could not, other- agreed to by a Committee of the House, with certain wise, have been sold; and that the Petitioners are con- Amendments, and, the Petitioners consider these Amend-vinced, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will ments, so far as they are able to understand them, as by very materially injure the Manufactures of Scotland in no Means satisfactory, nor calculated to take away the general, and the City and Neighbourhood of Glasgow destructive Effects which, the Petitioners apprehend, m particular, and will not only lessen His Majesty’s the Resolutions alluded to will produce to the manu-Revenue, but will deprive many industrious People of facturing Interests of this Country; and, as it will Employment and Subsistence, besides the particular require some Time to consider and to understand, fully, Hardship on an industrious Set of Men, who have great the Amendments proposed to those Resolutions, the Part of their Property engaged in this Business: And Petitioners most humbly request, that the House will therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their delay coming to any final Determination respecting the serious Consideration, and to give such Relief as to said Resolutions till next Session of Parliament, that them may seem fit the Petitioners, and the Nation at large, may have Time

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the to deliberate and to investigate the Effect of the said Table. amended Resolutions.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Transporta- A Bill for the more effectual Transportation of Fe- Table,

tion of Ions, an(j other Offenders, in that Part of Great

eous* Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Kite of Prisoners in certain Cases, was read a Second Fields, Ings, or Pasture Grounds and Common, withinInclom Time. the Township of Kilmcick, in the Parish of Kilnwick,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Second Time,

of the whole House. Resolved\ That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

upon the said Bill. Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to

have Voices.

Glasgow Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Se-

Two Pennies cond Reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " continuing the Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or OneSixth of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale 41 and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the VII- lages of Gorbels and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Sec nd Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Alexander Brown, Dean of Guild, of the City of Glasgow, for himself, and the other Members of the Town Council of the said City, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Cunynghame, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Commercial A Petition of the Operative Weavers in the City In~C, Glasgow, and its Suburbs, was presented to the wi re an . jjopge^ aQC( reac[; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, some Time ago, took the Liberty of addressing the House on the Subject of the Resolutions passed in the House of Commons of Ireland, relative to a Commercial Arrangement betwixt that Country and Britain, and of expressing their clear Opinion that those Resolutions, if agreed to by the British Legislature, would be productive of Ruin to the Petitioners, and to the manufacturing Interests of this Country; mid that the Petitioners have heard, with great Concern, that the Principle of those Resolutions has been

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Man^ der, a Bill for transferring the Receipt and Manage-. ment of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bl; der, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty- GameCer-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- u tituled, 44 An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and -- c Ordnance Debentures, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing the Treasury to give further Time for subscribing Navy Bills, which, from Accident, may not have been subscribed.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Pait of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bilb, and Ordnance Debentures.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House NtM to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the State of the Pilchard Fisheries, and to consider of the most effectual Means of securing and improving the same, be now read.

And

tail India Adair*.

t)iUo.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

25 Geo. III. i°

And the said Order Being read accordingly)

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Willictm Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions 5 which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion Was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that in a List laid before this House on the 7th of February 1785, intituled, A List of all Offices, Places, and Employments in the Civil and Military Establishments of the United East India Company in The East Indies, with the Salaries, or Pay and Emoluments belonging thereto, dr allowed or paid by the said Xi Company in respect thereof," various Offices, Places, and Employments are stated, of which the Profits are said to be unknown; and that, in the said List, no Mention is made, or Notice taken, of the Marine Establishment maintained by the Government of Fort William* in Bengal* or of any Office, or Employment, connected with, or belonging to, that Establishment;

And the previous Question being put* That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, in an Estimate laid before this House by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, and dated the 14th of February 1784, the Civil Charges of the Government of Bengal are stated at £-350,000 Sterling per Annum;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative*

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, in a List laid before this House by the Court of Directors of the; East India Company on the 7th of February 1785, intituled, A List of all Offices, Places, and Era- ployments in the Civil and Military Establishments of the United* East India Company in The East In-4C dies, with the Salaries, or Pay and Emoluments be- longing thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof," the Civil Charges of the Government of Bengal are stated at £.927,945;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, in an Account laid before this House by the Court of Directors of the East India Company on the 1 ith of March 1785, intituled, " Statements of the Salaries and Emoluments belonging to the several Offices and Appointments under the General Department, Revenue Department, and Commercial Department,/

<4 in Bengal, in the Years 1782 or 1783, compared with their Amount in 1776," the Civil Charges of the Government of Bengal are stated at £.616,556 Sterling;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, in a List Vo l. 40*

Junti. 1041

laid beforb this House by the Directors of the East India Company, on the,. 7th of February 1785, the Charge of the Military Establishment of the Government of Bengal is stated at £. 1,078,510 Sterling;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-East India posed, That it appears to this House, that, in an Esti*- Affllirs-mate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th of"April 1784 16 the 1st df May 1785, made up etlbrt William, on the 22d of November 1784, and laid before this House* by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, on the 27th of April 1785, the Charge of the Military Establishment of the Government rif Bengal, exclusive of Military Buildings, and exclusive of the Arrears of the preceding Year, amounts to Current Rupees 202.80.017, or £. 2,281*501. .18* 3d*

Sterling;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put; ?

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* Ditto, posed, That it appears to this House, that the Court of Directors of the East India Company, in the Estimates annexed to their Report of the 14th of February 1784, have stated to this House a, net Surplus of Revenue in Bengal, including the Product of Salt and Opium* amounting to £.1,644,689; and that the said Directors, in their Report of the 31st of May 1784, have stated to this House, 44 That the Governor Ge*

44 neral and Council of Bengal, in the Month of September 1783, transmitted an Estimate of their Receipts and Payments between the 30th of April 44 1783 and the 1st of May 1784, that, in this Esti- mate, the Governor General and Council appeared to have charged every Debt due by the Com- pany in Bengal, the Principal of the Bond Debt excepted, and to have stated all their Civil and Military Expences, including those of the De- tachments serving in the other Presidencies, according to their highest War Establishments, up to the 1st of May 1784, although Reductions had been made in those Establishments, which, within that Period, would begin to operate considerably and that the said Directors, in their Report of the 31st of May 1784, have further declared, that they did not see any Reason to doubt, but, in the Year ending the 1st of May 1785, the Commercial Pro- fit on Salt and Opium, and the Money received for Certificates payable in England, would be applicable, as stated in their former Report, to Cotn- mercial Purposes, and a very considerable Surplus of Revenue remain to be applied in Aid of the other Settlements, should they still need such Aid,

44 or in Discharge of the Bond Debt;"

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Ditto* posed, That it appears to this House, that, on the Face of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th of Api'il 178410 the 1st of May 1785, made up by the Governor General and Council on the 22d of November 1784, the Excess of expected Disbursements beyond the Resources of the Year ending the 1st of May 1785, amounts to Current Rupees 149.01.433> or to £. 1,676,411 Sterling;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

121 A Motion

-iLOg

i° — 2°

A. 1785.

East India Adairs.

t-042

A Motion wfcs made, and the Question being pro- the 25th Day of May last, foi* the House to resolve itself Elections — 4>osed, That it appears to this House, that, adding into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, £^^eMn(1 -the Surplus estimated by the Court of Directors to upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One xPence’ the Deficiency estimated by the Governor General and Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for pre-jCouncil, there is a Difference between the Two Esti- venting Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members

~ ’ to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

mates of the Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government for the Year ending the 1st of May 1785, which Difference amounts to £.3,321,100 Sterling;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Taxes, &c. in Argyllshire, &c.

Ditto.

Elections —

County

Voters.

A Petition of the Wholesale Dealers within the City of London, was presented to the House, and read 5 Setting forth, That the Petitioners are grieved *0 fend tihat a Proposal has beet) made to suppress HawJcere and^ Pedlars, and, in their Opinion, if such an Act takes Place, it:will not only be the total Ruin of upwards of One thousand Four hundred industrious Tradesmen, who are of great Utility to Commerce in general, and the Manufactories of this Kingdom in particular, but also of many of the Petitioners, and others, who trade with diem, and give them Credit to a considerable Amount; and that the Petitioners, having been many Years resident Traders of the City of London, from their Experience are convinced, that, by the Means made Use of by Hawkers and Pedlars, travelling from House to House, to Villages and Farm Houses remote from Market Towns, a greater Quantity of Goods are sold than could otherwise be disposed of, and the Inhabitants are thereby supplied with Necessaries which otherwise could not be procured without Loss of Time and additional Expence, and, the Petitioners, having had many and extensive Dealings with Hawkers and Pedlars, are enabled, from Experience, to assure the House, that that Description of People are, in general, honest, industrious, and punctual, that many of them have Wives and Families depending upon their Industry for Support, and, the Petitioners are fully convinced, that nothing more is requisite to secure those Persons the Protection of the House, but a full Enquiry into their Characters, and the Nature of the Trade which they carry on: And therefore praying, That so oppressive an Act may not be suffered to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the Taxes, Customs, Rates, and Duties, of every Kind, paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Shetland, as also the Net Amount of the said Taxes, Customs, Rates, and Duties, distinguishing each Tax, each Parish or District, and Port, so far as the same can be made up from Materials actually in Possession of the several Boards or Offices for the Receipt of the Public Revenue at Edinburgh, from the Year 1774, up to the latest Period the said Accounts can be made up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Horse, an Account of the Gross and Net Amount of the above Taxes, Customs, Rates, and Duties, for the Year 1765, and for the Year 1782.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Scotfontf — next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of s^ion. the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House*, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Clerks in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sec. of State House, to consider of the Petition of the Clerks in the officea* Offices of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A

Jovis, 2* die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Merchants, Manufac- Hawkers an turers, and Wholesale Dealers, in the Town of Eed!*1-8* IVigart, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and its Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, And read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House to repeal the several Acts for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars; and Alledging,

That numerous and important Advantages have resulted, from the said diligent and useful Body of Men, to the Trade and Manufactures of these Kingdoms, particularly in the various Branches of Silk,

Cotton, Linen, and Worsted, and in almost every Article of Female Attire, whether for Use or Ornament; and, the Laws now in Force seem to have held out Promises of Permanence and Stability to that Branch of Traffic, the Taxes imposed thereon being, by the Acts of the Fifth and Sixth of Queen Anne, to continue, from the Twenty-third of June 1710, for Ninoty-six Years; and for One whole Year then next immediately ensuing after the Expiration of the said Term of Ninety-six Years; and that the Sanction of the Legislature of Britain has induced Numbers of industrious Traders to employ large Capitals in that Line of Business, and to give Credit to a considerable Amount, in scattered Villages, remote Districts, and Houses far distant from Towns and Shopkeepers, which Debts can only be recovered by a Continuance of their stated Visits, and, if lost, would involve Thousands of worthy Families in Distress and Ruin:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

11 Ordered,

Shoreditch

Streets.

Sahis'

Catherine,

Middlesex,

Streets.

Imprisonment by Courts of Conscience.

Insurance of Ships, dec.

Excise Laws.

Pilchard

Fisheries.

25 Geo. III. a®

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mainwaring presehted to thO House, according to Order, a Bill for amending Two Acts of the Eighth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and such Part of Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for better watching, lighting, and cleansing such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Cathe-vine, near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex* as are not included in the- Provisions of certain Acts, passed in the Seventh and Ninth Yeats of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better watching, lighting, and cleansing such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catkeruie, near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in the Provisions of certain Acts, passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Mahrwaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers, or others, on Account of such Imprisonment, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hous6 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the several Laws, now in being, giving Jurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise and the Justices of the Peace, in Matters relating to the Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir JViiUam Lemon, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the State of the Pilchard Fisheries, and to cotnider of the most effectual Means of securing and improving the same, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered Vo l. 40.

funii. 1043

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Bounty of Six Shillings be allowed for every Hogshead of Pilchards, containing Fifty Gallons, taken and exported between the 24th Day of June 1785 and the 25th Day of March 1786, ih case not more than Five Thousand Hogsheads afe taken and exported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed,

That an additional Bounty of Three Shillings be allowed for every Hogshead of Pilchards, containing Fifty Gallons, taken and exported between the 24th Day of June 1785 and the 25th Day of March 1786, in case not mote than Ten thousand Hogsheads are tak£n and exported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Bounty of Two Shillings be allowed for every Hogshead of Pilchards, containing Fifty Gallons, taken and exported between the 24th Day of June 1785 and the 25th Day of March 1786, in case not more than Fifteen thousand Hogsheads are taken tad exported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Bounty df One Shilling be allowed fof every Hogshead of Pilchards, containing Fifty Gallons, taken and exported between the 24th Day of June 1785 and the 25th Day of March 1786, in case ddt more than Twenty thousand Hogsheads are taken and exported.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir William Lemon, Sir William Molesworth, Mr. Rashleigh, and Mn Young, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for more effectually Cordage preventing Deceits and Frauds in the manufacturing df Manufacture. Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage* be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Elections — a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir JVatkiu Lewes took the Chair of the Committee#

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkiri Lewes reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir JVatkin Lewes accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report ih his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several ether Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Rill; .

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into the said

Plate Glass Manufacture*

Christ

Church,

Bristol.

Insolvent Debtors.

Elections —

County

Voters.

I044 a° — 3

said Committee after the House shall have' proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the Bill for irepealing Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An " Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named,

" and their Successors, with proper Powers,- for the " Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and " for the more effectually supporting and conducting

the same upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar

Manner, calculated for the casting of large Plate € Glass;" for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass, cast by the said Company, shall be charged.

Mn Speaker left the Chair.

Mr* Blackburne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, in Behalf of the Petition of several Manufacturers of Glass, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the other Glass Manufacturers of Great Britain, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennighfe, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill*

Mr. Brickdale presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Christ Church, other wise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol, and for widening the Streets adjacent thereto: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases.

The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Junii. A. 1785.

Veneris, 3* die Junii;

Anno 2j° Georgii III1^ Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

D E SO L VE D, That this House will, at the Rising Adjn* of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday1 Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Imm for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Heredita- sich(wl ments, id the Parish of Llandcgai, in the County of Carnarvon, belonging to the Trustees of the Free School of Beaumaris, in the Right honourable Richard Lord Penrhyn, of thd Kingdom of Ireland) and his Heirs, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, w as read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An mgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Waives for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James Waluyn, Esquire, in the County of Harford, in the said Jam Wabvyn, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said James IValwyn, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mac* namara, the Earl of Surrey, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com* Clarke’s jnittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Esl?lUk intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of William Clark, Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will for the Benefit of his Daughter, Mary Forbes, and her Issue, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment r And he delivered the Ijlill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Michad Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mn Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com- Earl of mittce, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estate of Heneage Earl of Aylesford, in the County of Kent, for another Estate, of greater Value, in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the BH1 do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Michad Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amyhd* ment.

Ordered, That Mr, Fitzherbert do make the Report Anm&

from Scretti.

Tollemache’g, Ac. Estate.

Maxwell’s

Estate.

25 Geo. III. 30 J

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was committed.

Mr. Fitzherbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of Messuages or Lands, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, referred to their Consideration; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed that the several Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of Messuages or Lands, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, who petitioned this House upon the 29th Day of April last, praying to be iieard, by themselves or Counsel against the said Bill, and which Petition was, upon the 6th Day of May last, ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upon the Report of the said Bill;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Penrhyn reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Honourable Wilbraham Tolle-mache, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases of certain Parts of Lands and Hereditaments, in the County Palatine of Chester (devised by the Will of the Right honourable Lionel late Earl of Dysart) upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Penrhyn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. M'Dowall reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Drummodie, and others, lying in the County of Wigton, in Sir William Maxwell of Munrielh, Baronet, in Pee Simple; and for vesting in the said Sir William Maawell, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Tail, the Estate of Little Killan-trae, and others, lying in the same County, in lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Vou 40.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ch'da'ed, That Mr. M'Dowall do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Duciiy of Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Lancaster intituled, u An Act to enable the Chancellor and Estate.

" Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and " dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and other " Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary " Tenements within their Survey, and to encourage " the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said " Duchy;" and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to enable the Chancellor of the Council of " the Duchy Qf Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain " Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within " their Survey, and to encourage the Growth of <c Timber on Lands held of the said Dtichy;" and to enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said

o

Duchy.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of Bankrupts, Bankrupt*, and for regulating the Time of-issuing Commissions of Bankruptcy, w>as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Transporta-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tion of upon the Bill for the more effectual Transportation of Eduns. Felons, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Johnstone took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James Johnstone reported from the Committee*,

Th&t they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duty on ' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, §j^grHpfate upon the Bill for altering and amending an Act, made a

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold " and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on " all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britainbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

12 K Mr*

1046 3° JuniA. 1785.

Mr. GHbtrt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Poultry and Mr. Alderman Netvnham reported from the Com-

Com^tera^ *° whom the Bill to enable the Mayor and

omp rs. ,coromonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to pull down The Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City, for the Purpose of re-building the same, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be engrossed.

Duties on Resolved\ That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Coals, &c. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nava Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1785 to the 1st of January 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in Amet'ica, from the 1st of January 1785 to the 1st of January 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to defray the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of East Florida, from the 24th of June 1784 to the 24th of June 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

OrderedThat the Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of The Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1785 to the 1st of January 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, from the 24th of June 1785 to the 24th of* June 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1785 to the 24th of June 1786, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to defray the Salary of the Chief Justice of The Bermuda, or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1785 to the 24th Day of June 1786, and to discharge the Arrears of Salaries due to the Attornies General of the said Islands, from the 19th of July 4 778

to the 18th of April 1783, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Civil Government, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Services therein mentioned, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Public Ac* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, couuls-upon the Bill for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir William Lemon presented to the House, according Pilchard to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery. Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- London' cond Reading of the Bill for better enforcing the on CorB Payment of, and securing to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, a certain Toll or Duty of a Farthing a Quarter for every Quarter of Corn imported, or brought by Water, into the Port of London, Eastward of London Bridge, and not belonging to the Freemen of the said City, or imported from the Cinque Ports, or the County of Kent, bo now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three u Months."

7 And

Scotland — Judges of Court of Session.

Ditto.

Bounties on Hemp and pax.

Excise

Laws.

45 Geo. ill.

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Weirds " upon this Day Three Months/’ be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in thfe Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Moriths.

Ordered, That the Order of the t)ay, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a proper Augmeritation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session, and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions J which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ati Account of the Amouilt of the Sums now remaining in the Hands of the Judges of the Court of Session of Scotland, called "The Stock of the Court;" with an Account of the several Charges thereupon;

Mr. JenkinsoH presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, together with the Amount of the Claims for the Bounties granted by Parliament, as exhibited to, and allowed <by, His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, held in their respective Counties, at Midsummer 1784.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. 7

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend the several Laws, now in being, giving Jurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise and the Justices of the Peace, in Matters relating to the Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Vo i„ 40,

Junii. 1047

Place; and afterwards delivered the Sill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Ref>ort was read.

Ordered, That sdeh a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Debate bn the Question, proposed Cricklade Upon the 14th Day of April last, That the House do Election, agree with the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneageand Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County erf* Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, in the Resolution,* u That the Conduct of the Returning Officer, in " taking the Poll, and making the Return, at the " last Election of Members to Serve in Parliament for " the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, u was partial and illegal, whereby a colourable Ma-tg jority was obtained on the Poll for Mr. Adamson " and Mr. Core;" be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Elections — Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ®nbery and whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce "P®110* into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being, for preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next; Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 6* die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii III*" Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of the Trustees for putting in Southwark Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Roads. Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Suirey, to High-gate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston, and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stockwell, to Brixton Causeway, and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane, and from Camberwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey, and for repealing so much of several Acts now in Force as relates to the said Roads, and for repairing the Road from Highgate, aforesaid, to Witchcross, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill hath lately been brought into the House by the Inhabitants and Owners of Houses within the Village of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, for the Purposes of lighting and watching the said Village, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey, by an Assessment to be made on the Inhabitants living in the said Village, or upon or near the said Roads, and by a Toll to be collected at a Turnpike to be erected on some Part of the said Roads on the South Side of the Bridge at KenningUm; and Alledging, That the Erection of any such Turnpike on any Part of the Roads under the Care of the Petitioners (of which such Roads leading to Clapham aforesaid arc a Part) will greatly impede the Traffick on the said

Roth well

Haigh

Iodosure.

1048

6° Junit. A. 1785.

said Roads, be an Injury to the Petitioners as Trustees thereof, and establish a Precedent that may have a Tendency to multiply similar Tolls in and about the Metropolis in general, and which, though calculated merely for the local Accommodation of particular Villages, will become burthensome to the Public at large: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as relate to the said Toll.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill mentioned in the preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That the Erection of any such Turnpike will prejudice the Tolls collected On the Roads under the Care of the Petitioners, and be injurious to the Public at large: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as relates to the collecting a Toll.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for lighting and watching the Village of Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

OrderedThat Mr. Afichael Angelo Taylor do make the Report from the Committee,- to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing.a certain Open Tract of Land, or Parcel of Uninclosed Ground, called or known by the Name of Rothwell Haigh, within the Parish of Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2/jth of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Houses and Lands entitled to Right of Herbage, or Agistment, upon the Lands intended to be inclosed, who are assessed to the Land Tax at about the Sum of £. 7. 6s. 8id. whg did not choose to sign the Bill, but did not object; and the Owners of Houses and Lands assessed at about the Sum of £. 2. 10$. 7id. who could not be met with; and also, the Owners of Houses and Lands assessed at about the Sum of £ 16. 45. Z{d. who refused to give-their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Houses and Lands entitled to Right of Herbage, or Agistment, on the Lands intended to be inclosed, are assessed to the Land Tax at about the Sum of £. 226. 15*. 11J d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and af-

terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where tile Amendments were Onoe read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordewd, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom Parnell's the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An tsule*

Act for Sale of a sufficient Part of the Estates of Hugh Parnell, a Lunatic, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, was committed, That the Committee had exa*-mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. i

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act inglis* to dissolve the Marriage of John Inglis, Esquire, with Divorce. Ann Stewart his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 14th Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill, and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Bill for amending Two Acts of the Eighth and Shoreditch Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, for opening Streets, certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and such Part of Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, was read a Second Tima

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Paisley, Reading of the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the toto* Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, foe laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart ', and for other Purposes;

Ordend, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and agaiost the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Burgesses erf the 9 Burgh

Fees, &c.

Imprest

Office.

Supply.

35 Geo. III.

6° yunit.

I049

Of

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,*

Burgh of Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, and Inha* bitants thereof, and in the Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for and in Behalf of themselves and others; $nd also, the Petition of John Tennent, John Struthe?'s, James Hervey, John Cuthbert-son, Robert Tennent, William Buchanan, William Pinkerton, Junior, Robert Euing, James Ferguson, and James Montgomery, all Brewers in Glasgow, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined a Witness in Support of the said Petitions.

And a Question being proposed to be put to the said Witness, which was objected to;

The Counsel on both Sides, and the said Witness, were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Counsel and Witness be again called in; and that the Witness be asked, Whether he did not pay the Duty imposed by the said Act for Seventeen Years without Objection?

Then the Counsel and Witness were again called in; and the said Witness was further examined.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several other Witnesses, and went through the Evidence, in Support of the said Petitions; and, having proposed to sum up, and observe upon, the said Evidence;

The same was objected to.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be again called in; and that the Counsel in Favour of the Bill be directed to proceed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

'Mr. William Wyndham Grenville,

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor: fThe Lord Maitland, s’\Sir James Erskine:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the Bill was heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. McDowall, the Lord Maitland, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Salaries, Fees, Profits, and Emoluments, of the Auditors of the Imprest, for Three Years, ending Christmas last.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Salaries, Fees, Profits, and Emoluments, of the Deputies and Clerks of the said Auditors, respectively; together with an Account of all the contingent and other Charges of their Offices, distinguishing the Amount in each Year.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Pro-

Vox.. 40.

53-

5i.

Mr.

vines of East Florida, from the 24th Day of June 1784 to the 24th Day of June 1785.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Three hundred Ninety-five Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of the Treasury by John Parr, Esquire, Governor of Nova Scotia, and other Services.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred Seventy-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of His Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the 1st Day of January 1785 to the 1st Day of January 1786,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, and other incidental Expences attending the same, from the 1st Day of January 1785 to the 1st Day of January 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1785 to the 24th Day of June 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three hundred and Seventy Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to support the Civil Establishment of The Baliama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st Day of January 1785 to the ist Day of January 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred and Ninety-two Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1785 to the 24th Day of June 1786, and to discharge the Arrears of Salaries due to the Attornies General of the said Islands, from the 19th Day of July 1778 to the 18th Day of April 1783.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred Fifty-six Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1785 to the 24th Day of June 1786.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Eight hundred and Nineteen Pounds and Nineteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, to be applied for the Relief and Benefit of sundry American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of William Earl of Dartmouth, and the humble Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within 12 L the*

f0$6 6* — 70 Junii, 1785,

Cordage

Manufacture.

Christ

Church,

Bristol.

the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Chamber.

Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near

Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford; and Setting An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Beaumaris forth, That the Company of Proprietors of the said for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Heredita- Scho<)1 Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navi- ments, in the Parish of Llandegai, in the County of Estalc' gations have, at a special General Meeting of the Pro- Camai'von, belonging to the Trustees of the Free-prietors, holden at Birmingham, upon the 15th Day of School of Beaumaris, in the Right honourable Richard April last, consented that such Junction should be made Lord Penrhyn, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and his with their said Canal Navigations, in case certain Heirs, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein Clauses and Provisions, which were agreed to at that mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Meeting, should be inserted in the said Bill; and that Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parry, the Petitioners do not object to a Junction with the Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Dudley Canal, as they are sensible the same will be of at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber, great Public Utility, but, in case the House shall think proper that the said Bill should pass, they rely on the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply.

Justice of the House, that effectual Provision shall be ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole made in the said Bill for securing the Interests of House, to consider further of the Supply granted to the Petitioners and the other Proprietors of the said His Majesty.

Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations: And therefore praying the House to take the Resolved\ That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Ways and

Premises into Consideration: "and that they may have ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Leave to be heard, by themselves or Agents, before the to consider further of Ways and Means for raising said Committee, and have such Relief as to the House the Supply granted to His Majesty.

shall appear just and reasonable.

' Ordered’ That the said Petition be referred to the (Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the Manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Five " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word "now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeUe. forte J *

T*,r„rteN««,{*};£X£.. } 5-

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not present, and it being then after Four of the Clocjc;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 7° die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii Iiru Regis, 1785. Prayers.

A BILL for re-building the Parish Church of Christ Church\ otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol, and for widening the Streets adjacent thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bidck-dale, Mr. Parry, &c.: And they are to meet this

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to Offices and qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and EmPl°y* to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitfed to register or deliver in their’Qualifies- emmy‘ tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those' Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Jlouse, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for rendering valid the Proceedings of Trustees for the Care of certain Turnpike Roads leading from the City of Worcester, at Meetings where Persons have acted as Trustees without being regularly appointed, and for indemnifying such Persons against all Prosecutions for having acted as Trustees as aforesaid.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Sadlers, Shoe- Commercial makers, and Dealers in Tanned Leather, in the City Iulercou[se of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Set- W1 reaD ting forth, That the Petitioners are folly assured, that the Manufacturing of Tanned Leather in their Neighbourhood will be enormously injured by the present Propositions offered for regulating the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, and, that the numerous Restrictions which the English Manufacturers of Tanned Leather are laid under, more than the Irish Manufacturers are liable to, render the Petitioners Endeavours impossible to cope with the Irish in any Market on equal Terms: That many Disadvantages have been laid before the House by other Dealers in this Article, particularly in the Exportation of Tanned Hides and Leather, the former of which are subject to an Excise and Duty of nearly One Penny per Pound Weight on Exportation, whereas the Irish have not any Excise or Duty on the Article, by which Means they have gained the Exportation Trade t of

2$ Geo. III.

7® Junii.

1051

of Tanned Hides from this Kingdom, to the Amount of this Kingdom, if not timely remedied by the In-of Forty to Fifty thousand Annually, whereof Twenty terposition of Parliament, for, if the manifest Ad-thousand were formerly Annually exported from the vantage already stated should not be thought more , Port of Chester only, but of late not One thousand than sufficient for the Purpose, the Duties payable have been Annually exported; and that preserving a by the Petitioners, and of which no Drawback on Power of laying a Duty on Bark for Exportation, or the Exportation is allowed* save a Drawback of a allowing the Drawback of the whole Excise Duty on Penny Halfpenny per Pound on some Species of Tanned Leather, present the most conducive Expe- Wrought Leather, and which is in Fact little more dients to counteract the favourable Circumstances of than One Third of the Duty before paid by the Pe-the Irish Manufacturer, and the County of Chester titioners on the same Article, the Duty paid by the furnishes a large Quantity of Oak Bark to the Irish Petitioners being paid on the Weight of the whole Manufacturer at very little more Expence than to the Inhabitants, and, on account of its yicinity to Ireland, the Price is much advanced to the Manufacturers of the Neighbourhood of Chester: And therefore praying the Attention of the House to investigate

Hide or Skin when tanned, and before dressing, currying, or being cut up, and the Drawback allowed for no more than the Weight of the Article when wrought and finished therefrom, whilst the Irish Manufacture is subject to no Duty whatever, save a trifling

the Premises so as to prevent nearly an Annihilation of Export Duty, and the Difference in Price of Labour,.

the Trade of this heretofore esteemed Staple and valuable Article of Commerce and Branch of Resource in this Kingdom, the Protection of which, being the Interest of every Individual, claims the Candour and mature Consideration of the House.

which is confessedly not less than Twenty per Cent. in Favour of the latter, effectually cut off from the Petitioners, as well as the whole Body of British Tanners, all Hopes of supporting a Competition with, the Irish Manufacturers; and that the Petitioners have

A Petition of the Tanners in Kendal, in the County hitherto forbore to complain of the great Disadvan-of Westmoreland, was also presented to the House, and tages under which they labour, in Confidence that th Ireland, Setting forth, That, from the local Situation Parliament would, in a short Time, see the Necessity

Commercial

Intercourse

of interposing in their Behalf, and give a Check to the Exportation of Bark, or adopt such other Measures as they should deem best calculated to put the Petitioners on an equal Footing with the Irish Manufacturers; but when, instead thereof, they find themr

of the Petitioners, in a barren Country, little adapted to Grazing, and where the Slaughter is very inconsiderable, the Petitioners are obliged to import the greatest Part of the Raw Hides and Skins for their Manufacture from Ireknid, and the incidental Expences of buying and curing the same in Ireland for selves, by the Propositions introduced into the House Exportation, with the Freight and Land Carriage for the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse be-from the nearest British Port to Kendal, amount to tween this Kingdom and Ireland,\ threatened with the upwards of Ten per Cent. on the Value, exclusive of Ruin of all those Hopes, and the utter Preclusion for the Export Duties which the Petitioners pay thereon, ever of every possible Assistance andy Support, should and which, altogether, give an Advantage to the Irish the Power of giving a Check to the Exportation of Tanner of at least Fifteen per Cent. in the Price of the Bark be given up, and the Admission of Irish Tanned Raw Material alone; and that, so far from this Act- Leather let into the British Market, with a Power to vantage being counterbalanced by any high Price Ireland to exclude the British Manufacturers from the paid in Ireland for the Bark imported from this Coun- Purchase of Raw Hides and Skins in Ireland,\ whilst try, the Petitioners beg Leave to state to the House, the Parliament of Great Britain are for ever precluded what they well know to be true, that the best British from the Power of affording any Relief to the Manu

Bark is sold in Dublin, and other Ports in Ireland, on facturers of this Kingdom, the Petitioners cannot re-

a fair Average, at more than Ten per Cent. less Price frain throwing themselves on the Justice of the House, than what is actually paid by the Petitioners for the and deprecating the adopting such Measures as strike

Bark used by them in their Manufacture, owning to at once at their Existence as a Manufacturing Body,

the heavy land Carriage of such Part thereof (which without leaving them a Possibility of recovering their is inconsiderable) as they are able to procure in the Trade: And therefore praying, That the House will County of Westmoreland, or the adjoining Counties, take the Premises into Consideration, and afford to the

Petitioners such Protection and Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Imprison-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ment

— Courts of

mnd the very expensive Freight and Carriage of such Part as they import from Chester, Wales, and other Parts of this Kingdom, the Petitioners being obliged to hire Vessels for that Purpose, which, not being able to procure any Cargoes or Lading back, are obliged to return in Ballast, and, on this Account, such Freight and Carriage amount to much more than the Freight would amount to from the same Places upon the Bill for regulating the Time for the Im-

to Dublin, or other Ports in Ireland, w here the Vessels would have a Certainty of procuring, with Ease, Cargoes back to England; and that the Tanning Manufacture hath been immemorially carried on at Kendal, and for more than a Century past, to about the same Extent as at present, and the Annual Duties paid thereon by the Petitioners exceed £. 2,000; and that the Petitioners Trade hath always been principally carried on and supported by the Demand for their Manufactures to be wrought up for Exportation to the West India and other Foreign Markets, but

prisonment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers or others, on Account of such Imprisonment, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

such Demand hath greatly diminished, and the Petitioners Trade been in a declining State, and the Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Price of Tanned Leather falling, for the last Four to report, when the House will please to receive the Years, owing, as the Petitioner^ are convinced, to satne.

the Exportation of Tanned Leather from Ireland, Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow which has been gradually and rapidly increasing dur- Morning, ing that Period, and must continue increasing, to

the utter Annihilation of the Tanning Manufactures An ingrossed Bill for the better paving, cleansing, Vol. 40. and

y

Arundel

Streets.

Rothwell

Haigh

Inclosure/

Fees, &c. of

Imprest

Office.

Ditto.

Supply Bill;

Exchequer Bills.

IO52

*and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Arundel. in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Fitzlierbcrt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, or Parcel of uninclosed Ground, called or known by the Name of Rothwell Haigh, within the Parish of Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Wigglesworth, One of the Deputy Auditors of the Imprest, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Salary, Fees, Profits, and Emoluments of the Right honourable Lewis Ix)rd Sondes, as One of the Auditors of His Majesty’s Imprest, for Three Years, ending at Christmas last: And

also,

An Account of the Salaries, Fees, Profits, and Emoluments, of the Deputy and Clerks in the Office of the Right honourable Lewis Lord Sondes, One of the Auditors of the Imprest; together with an Account of the contingent and other Charges of his Office, for Three Years, ending at Christmas last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Deare, One of the Deputy Auditors of the Imprest, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Salaries, Fees, Profits, and Emoluments of the Lord Viscount Mountstuart, One of the Auditors of the Imprest, for Three Years, ending at Christmas 1784: And also,

An Account of the Salaries, Fees, Profits, and Emoluments of the Deputy and Clerks of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Mountstuart, One of the Auditors of the Imprest; and also, an Account of the contingent and other Expences of his Office, for Three Years, ending at Christmas 1784.

' And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A. 1785.

Seven hundred and Eighty-five; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Earl of Act for vesting in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Dundonilfi Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, froiji Pit Coal, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Gibraltar Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an frizeiiocr. Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for authorizing " the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison " and Naval Department at Gibraltar the like Bounty,

" for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is " allowed to the Officers and Men on Board any of <c His Majesty’s Ships of War taking or destroying " Ships of War belonging to the Enemy;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,* intituled, An Scott’s Dyke Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, fioad-made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scott's Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in 1

the County of Roxburgh; without any Amendment; J

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ayr Brito. Act for re-building the Bridge across the River of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kiddennis-Act for repairing, new pewing, seating, and erecting sterCM Galleries, and making other Alterations and Additions, in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rea

Act for paving the Footways in the Borough of Reading, PaT1D& in the County of Berks; for better repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Borough; and for removing In- j.

croachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, (

and preventing the like for the future; without any V Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sidlesk Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Com- Idc1osw mon, in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the County of Susses:; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Journeymen Silk Weavers of Hawkera Manchester, and its Environs, was presented to the M* House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are justly alarmed at the Proposition lately made in the House for abolishing the granting of Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars, as the same, if carried into Effect, will prove very destructive to that Branch of Business, which not only produces a considerable Revenue to Government, but gives Employment to the Petitioners, and a comfortable Support to themselves and their numerous Families, who must be otherwise thrown out of Employment, and be thereby reduced to the utmost Distress: And therefore praying the House to take this Petition into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

70 Jun

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand a

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Mayor and Com- c< monalty and Citizens of the City of London to pull V, down the Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City, for the Purpose of re-building the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved)

Blackfriars

Bridge.

Transportation of Felons.

Elections —

Coiraty

Voters.

Elections —

County

Voters.

25 Geo. III.

7 — 8° Juniu

i°53

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to pull down the Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City, for the Purpose of re-building the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry the hill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike to be "erected at or near Blackfriars Bridge, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday through any Turnpike at or near the Circus, in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey, towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir James Johnstone, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wat kin Leaves took the Chair of the Committee.

And it appearing, upon a Division in the Committee, that Forty Members were not present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock; *

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785. Prayers.

DESOLVE A That this House will, Tomorrow, AV. at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

Sir Joseph Maxvbey reported from the Committee, Vo l. 40.

to whom the Bill for lighting and watching (fie VII- Clapham lage of Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, Lighting an4 in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom Watchin8* the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone’s End in Blackman Stj'eet, in the Borough of Southzcark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and to Sutton and Kingston; and from Vauxhall Bridge, through Stqckwell, to Brixton Causeway, and from Newington to the East End of Peckham Lane; and from Cam- *

berwell Green to The Fox under the Hill, in the County of Surrey; and for repealing so much of several Acts, now in Force, as relates to the said Roads; and for repairing the Road from Highgate aforesaid to Witch-cross, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth,

Newington, Saint George Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and Lewisham, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Pr. 2. 1. 17. Pr. 5. L 38.

1- 39*

ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the sidlesham. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure. An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Common, in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the County of

Sussex.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as , followeth; viz.

Leave out from <c Sidlesham" to " And" in Line 22.

After " Highley" insert " and to and " for the said," and in the same Line after "the" insert "said."

After "and" insert "to and for " the," and in the same Line leave out " Sequestrator."

Leave out " Sequestrator."

Leave out " Sequestrator."

Leave out " Sequestrator."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do cany the Bill to the Lordsand acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Insurances of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ships’ &c* the Bill for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr*

Montagu;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill;

° |2 M Act, Shop lax.

Pr. 6. Pr. 10. Pr. 11.

18.

40.

9-

by

Supply Bill; Navy, &c. Bills.

Trent and

Mersey

Canal.

Brill port Market-house, &c.

fcromarty Harbour* &c.

Cardiff

Roads.

Graumann’s

Nat.

Spalding,&c. Roads.

Saint

Catherine,

Middlesex,

Streets.

ImhoffsNat

1054 8U Jmiu 1785.

Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain \ without any Amendment; And also,/

v The Lords have agreed to ttae Bill; intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy Certain Nay, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnancfe Debentures; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Att Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation frorti the Trent to the Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazelet/, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, in the said County; and for confirming certain Abides of Agreement entered into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford, and the CoventryCanal Navigation Companies) without apy Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down the Market House in the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and re-building the same; together with a Session or Court House, in a more convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles, or Butcher Row; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Borough; for rcnpovipg and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the Covering of any new Houses or Buildings within the said Borough with Thatch; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lorda have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preserving and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Cromarty, in North Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, apd keeping " in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of " Cardiff, and several other Towus and Places, in the " County of Glamorganand for making, altering, repairing, and widening certain other Roads within the said Coupty; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a BiR, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Her maim Graypiqnn; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then thp Messengers, withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Rei<*n, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place, called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton, Mint Mary's to Sutton Wash, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better watching, lighting, and cleansing such Parts of the Precinct of Saint Catherine, neat* the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex, as are not included in the Provisions of certain Acts, passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

' The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Imhoff; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

A Petition of the Lrneh, Chtoh, Silk, m Thread Hawked Manufacturers of the Town of Paisley, and Neigh- Pefe bourhoot), was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in the House for abolishing the Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars; and Representing to the House, That, under the Sanction of repeated Acts of Parliament, the Hawkers and Pedlars have carried on their Trade, in which they have employed considerable Sums of Money, and by their Industry and Perseverance have contributed greatly to the Extension of many of the Manufactures both of England and Scotland, by introducing them into Parts of the Country where they could not otherwise have been Sold, and, the Petitioners are convinced, that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will very materially injure the Manufactures of Scotland in general, and the Town and Neighbourhood of Paisley in particular, and will not only lessen His Majesty’s Revenue, but will deprive many industrious People of Employment and Subsistence, and will also be highly injurious to that Class of Men, who have their whole Property engaged in the said Business: And therefore praying the House, to take this Matter into their serious Consideration, and to give such Relief as to them may seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tablq.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for more effectually Cordage Mi-preventing Deceits and Frauds in the Manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duke of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Northnafe upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings or Barracks, and Land adjoining 'thereto, and also, of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle, in the County, of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumbet'land, or for such further or other Compensation as shall be a

full Consideration for the same; and also to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Most noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, on Behalf of himself and the Right honourable Hugh Lord Percy, commonly called Earl Percy, and the Honourable Algernon Percy, commonly called Lord Algernon Percy, was refereed, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Arden took the Chair'of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Arden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed,

A Petition of the Hawkers and Pedlars in the Parish of Allstonfield, in the County of Stafford, was pre- M*-seated to the House*, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners hear, with the utmost Concern, that a Bill is intended to be brought into Parliament for the Repeal of the several Acts for granting Licences p to Hawkers and Pedlars; and that, the Petitioners a having been brought up from their Infancy in that Business, and relying on the Faith of Parliament that the same would be permanent and lasting, at least Z till

Pays and leans.

'blic

" counts.

0

5 Geo. III.

to53

kill the Expiration of the A^t of the Fifth of Queen jinne^ have fully employed themselves therein, and therefore totally unacquainted with any bther Business by which they can procure a Livelihood for themselves and Families, and especially as their Habitations are in a remote and barren Part of the Country, the Lands whereof are not capable of such Cultivation as (were the Estates their own) would produce a sufficient Maintenance; and that the Petitioners, having conducted themselves with Industry, Reputation, and Propriety, have gained Credit with a great Is umber of Manufacturers in many principal Towns in the Kingdom, with whom they have contracted Considerable Debts, and, from the Nature and Extent of the Petitioners Trade through most of the small Villages in the Kingdom, they have likewise been under the Necessity of giving great Credit, many of which Debts, in case their Trade is discontinued, they will be unable to recover, and therefore not able to pay the Manufacturers, the natural Consequence of which must bring on the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their. Families to the Parish; and that the Petitioners have always paid with Chearfulness the Duties Annually charged on their respective Licences, and, had the Legislature thought it expedient to have made any Addition thereto* they would have exerted their utmost Endeavours to have complied with every additional reasonable Requisition, and therefore cannot avoid thinking it particularly hard, that, out of the great Number of different Trades in this Kingdom, they only should be selected for Destruction, and, the Petitioners conceive, that it is contrary to the Spirit of Justice, and the Rights of Humanity, to abolish an Avocation which has hitherto been countenanced by successive Acts of the Legislature, by a Law whose Principle is pregnant with as many dreadful Consequences to the Rights of Property as that which makes an ex post facto Law so greatly inimical to the Liberty of the Subject: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, by themselves and their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of Allowances for Waste or Leakage made to Brewers selling Beer or Ale in small

O D

Quantities.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom.

Vol. 40.

Ordered, That the Ae^oilnt of the Salary, Fees,

Profits, and Emoluments, of the Right honourable Lewis Lord Sondes, as One of the Auditors bf itte Majesty’s Imprest, for Three Years, ending at Christmas last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Salaries, Fees,

Profits, and Emoluments, of the Deputy and Clerks ill the Office of the Right honourable Letvis Lofd Softdes,

One of the Auditors of the Imprest; together with art Account of the contingent and other Charges of hU Office, for Three Years, ending at Christmas last, b<$ referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Salaries, Fees,

Profits, and Emoluments, of the Lord Viscount Mountstuarty One of the Auditors of the Imprest, for Three Years, ending at Christmas 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Salaries, Fees,

Profits, and Emoluments, of the Deputy and Clerks of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Mountstuarty One of the Auditors of the Imprest; and also an Account of the contingent and other Expences of his Office, for Three Years, ending at Christmas 1784, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to reeeivd the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-motrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- clerks in Se-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole cretary of House, to consider of the Petition of the Clerks in State Offices, the Offices of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morhing, insolvent resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* Debtors, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Duties on the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering and Gold and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parlm- Sllver P ment, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty " certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported,

and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought " Plate made in Great Britain," was committed* bb received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this Hou^e will, Tomorrow Morning, Duties oh' resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to Coals, &c. consider of better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of gcotlarfd — the whole House, to whom if was referred to consi- Judges of der of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the 5°^* Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session, and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, bb received Tomorrow Morning-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Bankrupt* ing, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of Bankrupts, and for regulating the Time of issuing Commission* of Bank*

The

Elections — Bribery and Sixpence.

Supply.

Imprison* znent by Courts of Conscience.

Ditto.

Crown

Debtors.

Borrett's

Estate.

Cordage IN nufacture*

1056 8* — 90

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, all the Laws now in being for preventing Bribery and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers or others, on Account of such Imprisonment, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 9* die Junii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

/^RDERED, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers or others, on Account of such Imprisonment, was committed.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, oi* of their Sureties; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Fee Farm Rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett, Esquire, and Martha his Wife, in the County of Bedford, comprized in a Settlement made upon their Marriage, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; and for vesting other Parts of their settled Estates, situate in the County of Kent, for the separate Use of the said Martha Borrett, and to other Uses, the same as in the former Settlements thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Junii. . 1785,

venting Deceits and Frauds in the Manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting Foreign-built Ships, the Property of the Subjects of Great Britain.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Eill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 23. After " Subjects" to insert " resident " in Great Britain, or any of the " British Colonies."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the Manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bormi’i for vesting a Fee Farm Rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett, kuie. Esquire, and Martha his Wife, in the County of Bedford, comprized in a Settlement made upon their Marriage, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; and for vesting other Parts of their settled Estates, situate in the County of Kent, for the separate Use of the said Alartha Borrett, and to other Uses, the same as in the former Settlements thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Osborne Act to "enable Elizabeth Osborne, William Symonds, Estate. Thomas Symonds Powell, and John Moore Green, their Heirs or Assigns, to convey certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Clehonger, in the County of Hereford, and which are now subject to the Trusts of the Will of the late John Smith, Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands in the same County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by them, respectively, upon the Trusts of the said Will of the said John Smith, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Cornewall, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House insur&wtt to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ships, itc. upon the Bill for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ol&criH

Reading of the ingrossed Bill for more effectually pre- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

menls I"*

35 Geo. III.

9°ymii., .§057

upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbei't reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Staffordshire, A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are &c. Canal. thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and others, Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, have, at a very considerable Expence and Risque, made and corn-pleated a Canal Navigation from the River Severn, between Bewdley and Titton Brook, in the County of Worcester, across the River Trent, at or near Haywood Mill, in the County of Stafford, to join a Canal (now called The Grand Trunk Canal) made between the said River Trent and the River Mersey, and that the great Inducement to the said Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation to undertake the making of their said Canal, was the Advantage expected to arise from Coals and Merchandize to be navigated on the said Canal in general, and particularly from A ut her ley, near Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford (where the said Canal joins and communicates with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations) to the River Secern, which is a Distance of Twenty-five Miles, and great Quantities of Coals, from Coal Mines which lie upon the Line of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, and all the Goods and Merchandize conveyed,by Water between the Town of Birmingham and the Port of Bristol, and the intermediate Places, have been, and are, brought along the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, to Autherley, and from thence, along the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, to the River Severn, at Stourport, by which Means the Proprietors of the said last mentioned Navigation derive a very considerable Annual Income and Advantage; and that the Dudley Canal Navigation, by Means of its Junction with the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, opens a Communication with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, at or near Stour ton, in the said County of Stafford, which, by the Course of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, is about Twelve . Miles and an Half distant from the said River Se-

vern; and that a Bill is now depending in the House, and before a Committee, for extending the present Dudley Canal from the Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to - Voi,. 40.

join and communicate with the Birmingham and Bir~ minghxm and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford; and, the Petitioners observe, by the said Bill, that its Object is to open a Communication with large Tracts of Coal, Limestone, and Ironstone, lying upon the Line of such Extension, and to afford a shorter and cheaper Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the Town of Birmingham and the Port of Bristol, and the intermediate Places; and that the Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation have not the Power in themselves to reduce the Rates of Tonnage taken upon their said Canal, wherefore such intended Extension of die Dudley Canal will be very injurious to the Proprietors of the said Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, by drawing the Carriage of Coals lying upon the Line of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, and also of Goods and Merchandize, out of and into the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, by the Way of such Extension, instead of passing on by the Way of Autherley, by which Means the said Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation will be deprived of the Advantage which they would otherwise receive from the Carriage of such Coals, Goods, and Merchandize, between Autherley and Stotirton, if such intended Extension did not take Place; and that, the Petitioners conceive, if the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation were empowered of themselves to reduce and regulate the Tonnage upon their said Canal, it would be a Means of enabling them to preserve some Part of the said Carriage upon their Canal, at the same Time that the Public would be benefited by the Reduction of such Tonnage: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the said Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation may have Leave to introduce into the said Bill proper Clauses to impower them to reduce and regulate the Tonnage upon their said Canal, and that their Interest may be secured to them; and that they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do exexamine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

' And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for Supply Bill; granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants, Servant*, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Mean*, ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon, and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, within the Kingdom 12 N of

1058 9° Junii. A, 1785,

Ways and of Great Britain, by every Male Person never having Means. been married, who shall retain or employ any Female Servant or Servants, the' several additional Yearly Sums following, that is to say, every such Person who shall retain or employ One Female Servant, and not more, the additional Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence; for Two Female Servants, and not more, the additional Sum of Five Shillings each; and for Three or more Female Servants, the additional Sum of Ten Shillings each.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon, and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by every Male Person never having been married, who shall retain dr employ any Male Servant or Servants, the additional Yearly Sum of Twenty-five Shillings for every Male Servant who shall not be retained solely for the Purposes of Husbandry, or Manufactures, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Masters of such Servants earn a Livelihood or Profit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for and upon every Warrant, Mandate, or Authority, granted to any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, in Great Britain, to institute, commence, or to defend any Suit, or Prosecution, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports, or in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland, the Great Sessions in Wales, or in any Courts in the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to more than Forty Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, admitted or inrolled in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any Courts of Law or Equity in Great Britain, when such Courts shall hold Pleas of more than Forty Shillings, shall, previous to his commencing or defending any Suit or Prosecution, take out Annually a Certificate of such his Admission or Inrollment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for and upon every such Certificate, so taken out by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, who shall reside in any of the Inns of Court, or in the Cities of London or Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, the Parishes of Saint Pancras and Saint Mary le Bone, or within the Bills of Mortality, or within the City of Edinburgh, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Five Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for and upon every such Certificate, so taken out by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, who shall reside in any other Part of Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowances now made for Waste or Leakage to Brewers selling Beer, or Ale, in less Quantities than a Cask containing Four Gallons and a Haiti be discontinued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the First and Second of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the Five last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr.

Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of " the Duties upon Low' Wines and Spirits for Home " Consumption, and for granting and securing the " due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and " for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption " as for Exportation; and for destroying all Home-u made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation " thereof; and for vesting in His Majesty the Duties " of Excise, within the Lands of Ferentosh, in the " County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a " limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum " and Spirits imported from the West Indies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare and bring in the said Bill, or Bills, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for making Allowances to Distillers of Low 'Wines and Spirits from Malt,

Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by the said Act.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Bankrupts. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of Bankrupts, and for regulating the Time of issuing Commissions of Bankruptcy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Insolvent to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Debtors, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Plate Glass to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufactw to consider further of the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate " certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose, of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within " the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more " effectually supporting and conducting the same " upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner,

" calculated for the casting of large Plate Glassfor making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass, cast by the said Company, shall be charged, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday

Morning

Public

Accounts.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ditto.

Elections —

County

Voters.

Geo. III. 90 — -io ° Ju 1059

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Wholesale Dealers and Manufacturers in the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton in the Moors, in the County of Lancaster, w^as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, to repeal the several Acts for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars; and Representing to the House, That many Advantages have resulted from the said diligent and useful Body of Men to the Wholesale Dealers and Manufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton, as well as to the Trade and Manufactures of other Parts of this Kingdom; and, the Laws now in Force seem to have held out Promises of Permanence and Stability to that Branch of Traffick, the Taxes imposed thereon being, by the Acts of the Fifth and Sixth of Queen Anne, to continue from the 23d of June 1710, for Ninety-six Years, and for One whole Year then next immediately ensuing after the Expiration of the said Term of Ninety-six Years; and that the Sanction of the Legislature of Britain has induced Numbers of industrious Traders to employ large Capitals in that Line of Business, and to give Credit, to a considerable Amount, in scattered Villages, remote Districts, and Houses far distant from Towns and Shopkeepers, which Debts can only be recovered by a Continuance of their stated Visits, and, if lost, would involve Thousands of worthy Families in Distress and Ruin: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent the said Bill from passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Hawkers and Pedlars, and of the Nature and Condition of their Trade;

It passed in the Negative,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lezves took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told, by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

Vol. 40.

The . House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Junii;

Anno 25" Georgii III'" Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

SI R Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, Lambeth to whom the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants Waterworks, of the Parish of Lambeth, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, with Water, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Adjourn-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning menL next.

Mr. Alderman Harley, according to Order, reported Insurances from the Committee of the whole House, to whom on Ships, &c. the Bill for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Macnamara reported from the Committee, to Walwyn's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James JValwyn, Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in the said James JValwyn, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said James JValwyn, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof) was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Macnamara do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. Ord, according to Order, reported from the Bankrupts. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of Bankrupts, and for regulating

Transportation of Felons.

Elections-

County

Voters.

Scotland-Judges of Court of Session.

1060 4 1785.

rejgulatipg the Time of issuing Commissions of Bankruptcy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; md afterasnds Miyered Ike Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be , ingfqasqd.

An ingrossed Jill for the ngiore effectual Transportation of Felons, and ofoer Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felpn?, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Rempval of Prisoners in certain Cases.

Ordered, That the Lord Advqcate of Scotland do carry foe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrency

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Qammittjeei

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry tppk the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they hftd made several Other Amendments to the Rill; which they had directed him tQ report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received-

Mr. Parry accordingly reported from the said Committey the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall he sufficient for the Use of the Members of the

Honsy

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from foe Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Jpd®^s of the Court of Session, and Puisne Rarpns of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee bad directed him to report to the Houfte; which he read so hfc Place; and afterwards delivered in at foe Clerk’s Table: Where foe same were read; and are as foi-loweth; vi$.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every Year, out of foe Monies font shall arise, from Time to Time, from any of the Duties arid Reaeuines in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen 1

Anne, were charged, or made chargeable, with foe Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges eh lowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up foe Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, foe several Salaries following so the Judgps after-mantion$d (that is tp say) to the Lord President of foe Court of Session ftp the Time being, foe Sum of Two foopsapd Tap hundred Pounds; to the Lord Chief Rarpp of foe Copri of Exchequer in Scotland for the Time bqipg, foe Sum of Two thousand Two hundred Pounds; to each of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Soaaipp for the Time being, the Sum of One thousand One hundred Pounds; and to each of foe Puisne Barons of foe Court of Exchequer for the Time being, foe like Sum of One thousand One hundred Pound*: But wspifog always any additional Sum in Use to be granted by Warrant from His Majesty to Ope of fop Puisne Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, when appointed to that Office from the Bar of England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there shall be issued and paid to the Judge <rf the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland for the Time being, in every Year, out of foe Monies that shall prise, from Time to Time, from any of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Ame, were charged, or made chargeable, with the Payment of the Salaries, and other Charges, allowed, or to be allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, for keeping up fop Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer, in Scotland, foe Sum of Four hundred Pounds, as a Salary in lieu of all Sentence Money, Fees, and Perquisites, heretofore in Use to be paid to, or exacted by, or for, foe Judge of the said Court.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought iq, upon the said Resolutions: And that foe Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Adam Fergus son, and Mr. Henry Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to foe Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for the better Administration of Justice in the said Courts.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Barnes and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Whittck* Act for amending and keeping in Repair, the Road Rw,ls from Whitechapel Church, in foe County of Middlesex, to Shenjiehd, and the furthermost Part of foq Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from foe Causeway, in the Parish of Low Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodfot'd ne*t Ckigwell; and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourne, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Roth* Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Bothwdl, iq005011 the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted foe Message House, that he had a Message from His Majesty ^omtlie to this House, signed by His Majesty: And be presented the same to the House; and it was read by cesttrsA>

Mr. niiity.

Supply.

Duties on Tobacco.

5 Geo. III. io® Junii. iod!i

Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being venue, if they have not, the Cadse must arise from Duties on uncovered) and is as followeth; viz. the Decrease of Consumption, or Increase of Smog* Tobacco.

gling; from the last, if not put a Stop to, the Peti-GEORGE R. tioners apprehend the most fatal Consequences to so

His Majesty having, in the Year 1767, settled an valuable a Branch of Commerce; and the Petitioners Annuity of £. 9,000 as a Provision in Part for the submit, whether a Reduction of the Duties, with sa-Honourable Support and Maintenance of His dearly lutary Regulations as to the Port Charges, Wastage, beloved Brother the Duke of Gloucester, payable out and Pilferage at the Quays, also consolidating to One of the Duties of 4I per Cent, in Barbadoes and The specific Charge the various Subsidies and Imposts oil Leeward Islands, and understanding that the said Fund Tobacco, the Calculation of which is attended with is not sufficient for the regular Payment of the said Expence and Delay, would not greatly contribute to Annuity, and of the other Charges upon the same, the Prevention of those Evils, increase the Revenue, recommends the Consideration thereof to this House, and protect the fair Trader: And therefore praying and trusts that the House will make such Provision the House to take the Premises into Consideration, as may appear to be reasonable for substituting some and to grant such Relief as to the House may seem other Fund out of which the said Annuity may be paid meet.

in future. A Petition of the Importers and Manufacturers of

G.R. Tobacco in the City of Bristol, was also presented to Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most Gracious Mes- < the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners sage be referred to the Consideration of the Com- feel very great Inconveniences from the excessive high mittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred Duties payable upon Importation of Tobacco, where- ' to consider further of the Supply granted to His by the Trade is become extremely burthensome, by Majesty. Means of the heavy Capital thereby required to carry

it on, and, as the first Cost of the Article does not ex-Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House ceed One Quarter of the Duties, the Temptation to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Smuggling is so great, that the Petitioners have long to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, experienced much Injury in their Trade by this be now read. x Means, which must also tend to injure the Revenue;

And the said Order being read accordingly; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that a considera-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ble Reduction of the present high Duties, together with ing next, resolve jitself into the said Committee. some new Regulations in the Mode of Collection, would

afford great Relief to the Trade, without lessening the A Petition of the Importers of Tobacco to London Revenue, by giving Encouragement to the Importation of from the different States in Amci'ica, was presented to the Tobacco into these Kingdoms, and by taking away such House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Proportion of the Inducement to illicit Trade: And carry on an extensive Commerce with the States of therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises America, whereby great Benefit is derived to the Ma- into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as to the nufacturers of this Country, from a large Exportation House shall seem meet.

of the various Staples of the Kingdom, in Return A Petition of the Merchants of Glasgow, Importers for which, very considerable Remittances are made in of Tobacco from the States of America to the River Tobacco, chiefly in British Bottoms, to the Advan- of Clyde, was likewise presented to the House, and tags and Encouragement of the Ship-building and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, since the Navigation of Great Britain; and that, in the Course Return of Peace, have made Efforts to re-establish of the last Twelve Months, ending the 31st of De- their Commerce with the American States by a con-cember 1784* not less than Thirty thousand Hogsheads siderable Exportation of the Merchandize and Manu-of Tobacco have been imported to the Port of Lon- factures of Great Britain, and by importing Tobacco^ don, and there are the most promising Prospects of an in Return, a Commerce which, if encouraged, is cal-increasing Importation, which cannot foil to be pro- culated to promote a steady Demand for these Manu-ductive of additional Benefit to the Revenue and factures, and to employ an additional Number of Commercial Interests of the Kingdom; and that the Shipping: That, in order to give Permanency to a Petitioners cannot resist the Impulse they feel (on so System which shall thus extend the Commerce, im-flattering a Prospect of reviving the Commerce, so prove the Revenue, and protect the fair Trader in long interrupted, to this Country,! to represent, at the this valuable Branch, an effectual Check, if possible, same Time, to the House, their Fears of its being must be given to Smuggling, now arisen to a most impeded, from the Effects of the present high Duties alarming Height in every Part of Great Britain, and imposed on Tobacco, which have, beyond Doubt, the Petitioners would represent to the House, That increased the Spirit of Smuggling in that Commodity, this salutary Purpose will be best effected by a con-greatly to the Prejudice of the Revenue and fair siderable Reduction of the present Duties upon To-Trader; that, although the Duties are drawn back on bacco, which afford an irresistible Temptation to illicit Exportation, yet the Wastage, Shrinkage in the Ware- Trade, and, in the Petitioners Opinion, great Benefit '

house, and Pilferage at the Quays, between Importa- will accrue to the Revenue, and to the fair Trader, tion and Exportation, will, under these Duties, sub- not only by a Reduction of Duty upon this Commo-ject the Importer to a very considerable Loss, not- dity, but by adopting such a System of Regulations withstanding the £.10 per Hogshead allowed for as will abolish all unnecessary Expence, and also, by

such Wastage, and, that the Accounts of Sale of To- holding out such other Encouragement as may have

bacco from hence, under so great a Loss, added to an immediate Tendency to render Great Britain the the increasing Port Charges from Restrictions and Emporium of this extensive Branch of Commerce;

Privileges peculiar to London, must, when compared and that the Petitioners, in order to improve a System with those of Foreign Markets, subject to no such intended to enlarge the Commerce of this Country,

Clogs, operate much to the Prejudice of the London solicit the Attention of the House to the present com-

Trader, and give our numerous Rivals in this Branch plicated Duties upon Tobacco, which, in their Mode

of Commerce an Advantage which, in sound Policy, of Calculation, are tedious and troublesome to the ought to be avoided; and that the Petitioners submit Merchant, and in no Respect beneficial to the Reveto the House, whether the present Duties have had nue; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners to the desired Effect in a proportionable Increase of Re- avail themselves of their local Situation, as standing V o l. 40. 12 0 in

i$6.4 \o° Junh 1785.

v in the Center between the Eastern and Western Seas,

with a Water Communication to each, they submit to the House, whether certain Regulations applicable to the peculiar Situation of the Port of Glasgow, and under Circumstances perfectly calculated to guard and protect His Majesty’s Revenue, would not in an eminent Degree promote the great Object of encouraging and inviting a more extensive Importation of Tobacco, and for this Purpose, that the Importers be permitted to deposit a Part or the Whole of their Tobacco in the City of Glasgow, under the Joint Custody of the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue and the Proprietor, with Liberty of exporting from thence, as well as from Greenock and Port Glasgow, either by the Eastern or Western Navigation, and of paying at the Custom House established in Glasgow the Duties upon such Part thereof as may be required for internal Consumption: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under their Consideration, and to afford such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon, the Table.

Twopennies ^r* Dempster reported from the Committee, to Scots. whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act, " passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the " Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth of a " Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that " shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, €t and for extending the same over the Villages of " Gorbels and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, " for the Benefit of the said City and Villages," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

.Te,tefcrlheY^2," }-7.

}38.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words "upon this Day Three Months " be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Hawkers and A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Ma-Pedlars. nufacturers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in the County of York, in Behalf of the Scotch Hawkers, fyc. travelling in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners know the above Description of People, in their Neighbourhood, to be industrious, sober,

and honest Members of Society, and think it would be unjust to deprive them of their lawful Employ: ment without any Transgression of the Laws of the Land on their Parts; and that, the Petitioners observe, the Charge brought against them is that of being Smugglers, and Receivers of Stolen Goods, which the Petitioners believe to be groundless Accusations* as their Trade consists chiefly of Linen Drapery, Mercery, and Hosiery Goods', the Produce of this United Kingdom and Ireland, which they retail into distant Parts of the Country, to the great Emolument of the Manufacturers, and Increase of the Revenue: And therefore praying, That the House will suffer them to retain the Enjoyment of the Common Privileges of the other Subjects of this Realm, and not pass any Act for the Repeal of those Laws by which they are at present protected therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

OrderedThat the Order of the Day, for the House Insolvent to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir JVatkin Lewes reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Duties« ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Coals. House, to consider of better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Duties« the whole House, to whom the Bill for altering and Gold and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parlia- silverPlA ment, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate " imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold " and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next *

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Weaus-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- clerks in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Secretaire! House, to consider of the Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Offices ai the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify E,uPl0.^ such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves eeJjDiJ for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been

a5 Geo. III. Junii.

been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give farther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.


Luna:, 13° die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785.

Pit A Y E kS.

wffsNat. A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An -/Jl Act for naturalizing Charles Imhojf,\ was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scott of West Looe, Mr. Ordy &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ke of An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant rthumber- the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and d's Estate. Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings, or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto,' and also, of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle, in the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other Compensation, as shall be a full Consideration for the same, and also to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act to enable His Majesty to grant the In-( heritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings, or Barracks, and Land ad-, , joining thereto, and also, of certain Ground contiguous

to Tinmouth Castle, in the County of Northumberland,

belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such

‘ further or other Compensation as shall be a full Consi-

L ~ deration for the same, and also to impower the said

Duke to make such Exchange.

Ordered, That the Lord Arden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

Commercial A Petition of the Proprietors and Occupiers of otercourse Buildings and Lands, and the Manufacturers and nth Ireland. Tradesmen, of the Town and Environs of Bromsgrove, f in the County of Worcester, was presented to the

c House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are alarmed at the Propositions now under Consideration of the House, intended to form a Treaty between Great Britain and Ireland, which, if carried into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive, will prove a continual Source of Uneasiness and Complaint to this Kingdom, as well as a lasting Injury to the Landed Interest, Trade, and Public Revenue, and, they conceive it unreasonable that Ireland should demand an equal Participation of the General Privileges and Protection of the British Empire, without a pro-; portionate Contribution towards its General Expences

and Support; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that many Manufacturers in their Neighbourhood will T: receive very great Injury from these Propositions, if

carried into a Law, unless guarded by a better Secu-; rity than is therein contained, and, that no Agreement between the Two Kingdoms can be equitable,

Vol. 40.

which doth not establish such Duties and Regulations, in both Kingdoms, as to put every Article of Commerce and Manufacture upon Terms of Equality; and that the different Manufactories in the Petitioners Neighbourhood, of Wool, Hats, Hemp,

Flax, Leathei4, Paper, drid Iron (especially the latter) employ many Thousand Persons, and the Petitioners have already experienced a rapid Increase of the Poors Rates, equal at least to One Fourth of the improved Rents (a Burthen unknown to Ireland) and, they apprehend, the intended new Regulations between the Two Kingdoms will induce the useful Manufacturers to emigrate) and leave a Part of their Families bur-thehsome to the Petitioners, by which Means the Poors Rates must vet inevitably increase: That the Linen Manufactories of the Neighbourhood of Bromsgrove are already very greatly injured by the free Admission of Irish Linens into this Kingdom, and will (if such' new Regulations take Effect) threaten a partial, if not a total, Destruction; and, that the Consideration which it is proposed for Ireland to give for this intended Participation is in itself inadequate, and no sufficient Security seems to be given for the Payment of such Consideration, which, the Petitioners apprehend, nothing short of a Real, Substantial, and Solid Union of the Two Kingdoms can effectually accomplish, and, they conceive, that Arrangements so important and extensive require the utmost Deliberation: And therefore praying, That the House will continue to extend its Enquiries on so interesting a Subject, so as to obtain the fullest Information on every Article of Manufacture, Commerce, and Revenue, involved in this weighty Business.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Plate Glass Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Manufacture Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider further of the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their " Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of " establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within " the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more " effectually supporting and conducting the same upon " an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated " for the casting of large Plate Glass;" for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass, cast by the said Company, shall be charged, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant June, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Commit- Cricklad* tee, to whom It was referred to extract from the Mi- Election-nutes of the Select Committee, \vho were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of John Walker Heneage and Robert Nicholas, Esquires; and also, the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cncklade, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, at the last General Election, such Particulars as appear therein of partial and illegaj Conduct in the Returning Officer for the said Borough at the said Election, and to report the same to the House, together with the Evidence thereon;

That the Committee had made Extracts from the said Minutes according^; which they had directed him to feport to the House; and he read the Report in

Crieklade

Election.

1064

13" Junii.

his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

A. 1785.

Minutes-

-Cricklade Election.

Martis, 15* Februarii 1785.

Poll stood at the Close:

For Mr. Core Mr. Adamson Mr. Heritage.

Mr. Nicholas

442

435

373

358

Counsel for the Petitioners.

I will take from the Sitting Members 136, on different Objections of Borough Voters, and 20 of the County Voters, and will add to the Poll Ten, which were rejected by the Returning Officer.

Richard Townsend, sworn.

I was Returning Officer at the last Election for Crieklade — This is the Poll. [Delivers it in.]

Withdrew.

Robert Smith, sworn.

As to the Conduct of the Returning Officer.

I attended as Agent for Heneage and Nicholas, at the last Election at Crieklade, from the Beginning to the End; my Employment was to take an' Account of the Votes as they came, with the Objections made to them by Counsel, and the Opinion of the Returning Officer — I took Minutes of what passed at the Poll — This is the Book in which I took the Minutes, and it has ever since been in my Custody — it only contains respecting the Borough Votes. — Previous to the Poll, Two or Three Days, I was in the Streets with Mr. Heneage and Lqccden, and it was proposed by them, that it w.ould be a very extensive Poll, and it might be as well to have Two or Three Places for the polling* — I looked upon that to be an Application on Behalf of the Petitioners — The Returning Officer was present* and it was made to the Returning Officer. — He said, it had not been usual at any other Election, and he could not think it necessary. — It was argued, that the Right of Election was so extended, it would save Confusion — The Hundreds are very extensive, and he knew it — I don’t know any particular Stress was laid on that. — On the First Day of the Poll I understood it was agreed upon by every Body that the Poll should close at Four o’Clock in the Evening — it was agreed so by the Counsel before the Business began — On the 8th of April — The Returning Officer declared he would not poll a Man in the Borough till all the Hundreds were polled — On the First Day many Hundreds came in with Gentlemen — I' believe near 100, on the Behalf of the Petitioners, were obliged to go away unpolled, much dissatisfied to find they could not poll — I think the First Proposal was, that they should sit till about Two o’Clock, then adjourn for an Hour to Dinner, and then come again, and go on till Eight o’Clock at Night — That he refused, and said he should close at Four; the Reason given for the Request was, that the Freeholders might not be obliged to come again on another Day — The Poll began on the First Day about Twelve or One o’Clock. — On the Saturday I attended the Poll till the Close of it — it was proposed, That^he Poll should continue till about Four o’Clock, and that they should adjourn it then, and if necessary come again; and the Reason given for it was this, there were several Farmers on both Sides, I suppose; I knew several on our Side had Occasion to go to

Marlborough Market, and said on Friday Night they could return from Market on Saturday Evening, and come and poll — This Proposal was acceded to by the Returning Officer, and every one on his Behalf — what I recollect was, the Returning Officer declared he should only adjourn for an Hour, and that he should come again* provided any of the Freeholders came to poll; and if none came, he should only go as Matter of Form, and adjourn till the Monday Morning — this 1 believe was acceded to by all Parties present — I was present, I speak with Certainty — in my Presence it was acceded to — not One objected to it, as I heard* — After Dinner the Returning Officer and

Mr. Myers came into our Room just as we had dined — Myers said, 44 Are any of your Freeholders come in?" — the Returning Officer by. — Myers attended, I believe, as the Assistant and Adviser of Mr. Townsend — he sat at his Right Hand, and very often declared what he thought right; and said, he (the Returning Officer) should abide by his Opinioii. — We said to Myers, Not that we know of — Then they said, they should only go down to adjourn the Court^-don’t remember any Thing said by the Returning Officer about going to the Poll — I did not go down, thinking the y only went down to adjourn the Poll; but in about Five or oix Minutes afterwards a Message was brought to our Lodgings, that the Candles were lighted in the Hall, that the Returning Officer was there, and began to poll the Borough Votes — I then went down, as did every Body; when I got down, I found Mr, Mills there; there was a Place set apart for the Voters to go up and poll — few but Gentlemen from any where but there; when I came I found that particular* Spot full of People, Voters in the Borough — I don’t believe there was a Freeholder — They were beginning to poll the Borough, there were Two polled that Night — there was an Objection made to polling the Borough by Mr. Mills, as Counsel for the Petitioners, in general charging the Returning Officer with Breach of Promise — Mr. Mills objected to it, because be had promised he would poll only Freeholders that Night. — No Freeholders came in, and therefore it was intended he should adjourn the Court till Monday Morning — The Objection was not attended to tUL near an Hour; he said he should go on, he was not to wait there to do nothing. — Mr. Mills insisted the Returning Officer was guilty of a Breach of Promise, and that he ou^ht not to have done it. — Mr. Mills demanded to adjourn, which he would not do — the Freeholders were not at that Time exhausted-after that Ninety were polled — on Monday Morning — — I don’t mean any were then in the Town. — Mr. Townsend said it was only a Farce, we might as well go on, for we had no more Freeholders to poll, we were quite exhausted — it was near Two Hours before the Poll was closed — it was all Altercation — The Borough Voters who polled were the Two Fawkes. — On the Friday Morning, previous to the Beginning of the Poll, I applied to Mr. Kinnier, a Voter — he had before declared himself a Friend to the Petitioners, and I applied to him to poll; he said he had no Objection; and I told him it would be an Inducement to the Returning Officer to take the Votes promiscuously. — He went and offered to poll on the Friday Morning — Townsend asked him what he came there for? He said, to vote for Heneage and Nicholas. He said, You don’t mean to poll as a Burgess? for if you do, I shan’t take you now; I am not come to the Town yet; but, says he, 44 if you like it, you may poll as a Freeholder/’ and went away. — The Returning Officer said, what he had often said before, he never would poll a Burgess, while there was a Man in the Hundreds to poll — he said so an Hundred Times — There was no Agreement made about it between the Candidates. — On the Motiday Morning I went early to the Poll — at the Beginning — Ninety

Freeholders

5 Geo. lit 13® JttmL io6t

Freeholders polled tbit £>ay — I believe the First who offered were Borough People: — He began the Borough People on the Monday Morning. — Mr. Mills insisted he had a Right to examine all the Voters who came to poll in the Borough as to their Right of voting — this was when they were beginning to poll — I don’t believe One had polled: He said he had a

Right to examine into every Vote. — There is no Oath taken at Cricklade — with respect to the Leaseholder a particular Claim was made; it was insisted on, that when the Leaseholders came up to poll, they should not only be examined with respect to their Lease, by whom granted, and for what Number of Years, but that they should produce it; this was insisted on by Counsel on Behalf of the Petitioners. — *No Copyholders of the Borough offered to claim all the Election. — A Resblution of the Committee, of 1775 was read to the Returning Officer. — I do not believe there was a Man polled in the Borough who was not objected to on the same Ground as the First — several Voters applied to the Returning Officer for Advice, when Mr. Mills questioned them. — When he insisted on the Production of the Lease, the Returning Officer said, No, the Inhabitants were not obliged to produce any Lease, when called for by Counsel, or any other Person — I took down his Words — Several referred to the Returning Officer, when they were asked where they lived, and the Nature of their Leases, — many of them — the Officer gave the same Answer — said they were not obliged to answer any Question whatever. — That was the general Answer be gave to all; and said, " I know he is a good Vote, and will admit him." — The Officer did not acquaint the Petitioners Counsel on what Grounds he knew the Voter had a good Vote. — I remember William Dash coming to poll — he was objected to as being on the Poors Rates — the Objection was made by the Counsel, and by a Mr. Bird, a Freeholder of the Borough — he said he knew the Returning Officer had paid him himself — that was the First Pauper objected to — the Returning Officer admitted the Vote — don’t know he made any Answer to the Objection — the Rates had been inspected by Agents on Behalf of the Petitioners, and they had taken Extracts from those Rates, of People having received Alms — I inspected them myself — the Extracts were offered to be produced as Evidence to shew the Voters received Alms — it was hinted to me, and other Agents, that there were several Pau-

!)ers — that the Agents for the Sitting Members had nspected the Books, and taken Extracts from them;

and that it would be proper the Petitioners should be supplied with the same Kind of Evidence — I applied 1 to the Overseer, who said, he had them not — and Notice was given them in Writing, by Parishioners, who were the Paymasters, to demand a Sight of the Books, and to take Extracts; the Overseer said, he had them not, but said they were in the Vestry Clerk’s Hand — on going to Kim, he refused to let us see them — I said the opposite Party had had them, why should not we? he said, he did not know, but we should not have them. — I then applied to the Clergyman. — We did inspect the Books — they were brought to my Lodgings- — I, and Two other Agents, took Extracts — the Extracts I made were all relating to Paupers; these Extracts were offered as Evidence by the People who took them in nay Presence, and were ready to swear they were true Extracts — the Name of William Dash was in them as a Pauper receiving Alms — they were rejected as Evidence — Mr. Morgan objected that the Book itself must be produced, and this Objection was allowed by the Returning Officer; those that came to poll, who did appear bn our Extracts, were all objected to as being Paupers — I believe all but One were admitted to poll — that One was Thomas Smith, he had said he was a Leaseholder under Mr. Nesbit; he would have voted Vo*,. 40.

for Adamson and Cocce, (nit the Returning Officer said CrieWad* he knew him to be a Pauper, and would licit admit StetiQ*. him.

Cross examined.

Thomds Skull said, he had a Lease from Lord Por-chesttr. — I remember Marmaduke Aiken, when he came, he said he was Leaseholder — Was asked, whose House it was? said Ncsbit’s. — Wte asked, how long he had lived irt it? — he said, A Year and a Qudrter--that he believed the Lease was granted about that Time, but he had never had it in his Possession.

Maurice Vincent acted, as Poll Clerk — saw him constantly go and come from the House of Meetings of the Sitting Membfte — he Weis the Sworn Clerk — I never consented he should be the Clerk — don’t know any Body ever did* was never applied to about it — he went in and out of the House where the Sitting Members lived — never saw him in a Room with them.

It was proposed to have several Booths — dbn't know either of the Sitting Members were present — I believe one of their Agents was — it was proposed on the Monday before the Election — the Nomination Day — don’t know it was ut any Time proposed to die Sitting Members to consent to ft — it was proposed in the Street — never at any other Time; I believe it was in coming out after the Nomination — I believe there were Friends of both Side9 standing round — Sir George Paul was there, don't know he said any Thing — no Consent was given by the Sitting Members — there did not appear any unnecessary Delay before the Poll began — it was settled that the Hours should be frqiri Nine to Four — it was first proposed they should go from Nine to about One or Two, and then adjourn for an Hour, and then go on in the Evening —

I believe it was proposed by Mr. Mills — 1 won’t say it was proposed by any other — it appeared to me that the Agents and People concerned for the Sitting Members did every Thing to protract the Poll — I don’t remember they ever applied to the Returning Officer to sit longer — I did not hear it — there were One hundred Freeholders in Town the First Day, who had not polled — they mostly belonged to Hcncage and Nicholas — there might be as many on the other Side, for what I know — I only knew the Petitioners — it was dark long before Eight, and the Weather was bad all the Poll.

I came in when One of the Two Borough Votes was polling, on the Saturday — they were the only Two that polled that Evening, 1 believe — I came in when they were polling the last Man — we were all taken by Surprize.

Mr. Myers was at our Lodgings several Times — never saw the Returning Officer ttere but once, that was when they came to know jf we had any to poll — I believe the Returning Officer submitted his Advice to Mr. Myers — don’t kriow if any Borough People wore polled that Night — we bad no Freeholders to poll that Night — I suppose there was One polled before I went in — it appeared by the Check Book Two polled — if others had polled, I think I should have seen it.

Was it not insisted that, as these Two were demanding to vote, the Returning Officer must take them? *

Not as I know of — many Freeholders polled Monday and Tuesday for both Parties — till Saturday Night Numbers were pretty near equal — it was proposed 19 poll by Tallies, which was objected to by the Counsel for the Sitting Members — 1 brought jtinnier up* — there was no Agreement that none but Freeholder* should poll — it was the Returning Officer’s Determination — don’t know the Objection made to Kirmier I believe on Monday there was a sufficient Number of the Freehold Votes for Sitting Members and 12 P Petitioners

Gooooje

to 66 i J0 Jtiniu A. 1785.

Crfckkde Petitioners to lake up the whole Day — did tlot hear ady Election. Notice given on the Saturday that the Returning Officer would take the Borough Votes — it was whispered on the Saturday that he would take them.

Title Deeds were asked for of the County Voters — not in general — in more than One or Two Instances — there were Freeholders Leasers polled, they were not in general asked to produce their Leases — when the Borough Voters came up, their Deeds were asked for, but not produced — they were admitted to vote on both Sides, without producing the m.

The Returning Officer was of Opinion they should not produce their Leases — he said that was his Opinion — they should not produce their Leases — the Poors Rates were not produced to the Officer.

Was it/proved at the Poll, that Notice had been given to the Overseers to produce the Rates at the* Poll?,

There were Two Witnesses offered to prove the Notices to the Parish Officers for us to* inspect the Books, not to produce the Books at the Poll, as I know of — I don’t know we had given Notice to the Officers to produce the Books at the Poll — there were other Agents concerned besides me — some Paupers voted for Heneage and Nicholas, I believe but One — the Returning Officer objected to but One as I know of as being a Pauper — don't know he rejected more.

When the Returning Officer said he would admit a Leaseholder to vote if the Seal was hot, he said that was the Right of voting at Cricklade — I believe I took down all he said — don’t believe the Voters for Heneage and Nicholas produced their Leases — they were all admitted by One common Rule — saw Vincent come from the Sitting Members House Mornings and Evenings — saw him go into the House with his Book rolled up — never saw him in the House

William Dash was in our Extracts — saw the Extract made — believe it is a true Copy of the Rate — don’t know the Nature of the Relief he received, nor on what Account he received it.

Was the Request of more Poll Booths made in the Presence of those who might be accidentally there ?

It was made publicly — I believe Friends on both Sides were there; there was Sir George Paul, Loveden, tVarnford; it was done in order to shorten the Poll — the Reason I believe was given to shorten the Poll — it was the general Proposition.

I did not see any Freeholders poll on Saturday Evening.

Do you remember any County Vote tendered, about whose Title there was any Dispute ?

There was — there was One Lease questioned; — he produced a Lease for a Year, to establish the Vote — he said he had left the Release at Home.

Reference was made to the Vestry Clerk, because the Overseer had not the Books — the Objection made a against the Extract was, that the original Book should be there, or given them to produce It — I don’t know Notice was given.

I believe Vincent went in with the Poll Book-^-it appeared like it — I compared the Extracts with the Books; — the Nature in which the Relief was, " John c< Dash (or whatever the Name) 1 Sh." — the Relief was Money; it stands in Money — it don’t say for what particular Purpose.

' Two Fawkes polled on Saturday Night; only Two

Voters polled* I believe, that Night — I believe as Burgesses.

Mr. Myers is an Attorney — the Returning Officer guided himself in many Cases by his Opinion — have seen him decide without asking Myers — never saw him decide against Mr, Myers's Opinion — I never was at Cricklade before,

Withdrew,

Thomds Marsh Hughs sworn.

I attended as Agents for the Petitioners — was present during the Poll at different Times — was present when Leaseholders of the Borough tendered for the Sitting j

Members — ^saw many poll for them — saw none pro- 1

duce their Title to vote — not One Instance — Mr. 1

Mills several Times called on them to produce Evidence of their Titles — The Returning Officer told them, they need not do it — did not see One produce their Title to vote — Don’t recollect any Instance where the Borough Voters, who voted for the Petitioners, were call on by the Sitting Members to give Evidence of their Title- they were never asked to produce their Title — One or Two were objected to as Paupers; they were Voters for the Sitting Members — objected to by Mr. Mills, who said, that having looked into the Books, and taken Extracts, lie knew they were Paupers.

Did the Returning Officer propose any Enquiry should be made ? ,

I don’t know he said any Thing — I understood him J

to say he did not want it — I remember his coming irt on the Saturday Evening — I went to the Poll that Evening — he was taking Votes — I believe Cricklade Voters — don’t believe there were any Freeholders there — Fawkes was an Inhabitant of Cricldade — I was at the Close of the Poll.

Cross examined.

Don’t you know that the Sitting Members pressed to have the Poll continued ?

I don’t.

Don’t you know they had many Freeholders to come in after the Poll was closed ?

I don’t.

I saw Townsend several Times, in Company with the Sitting Members — I think I saw him in the House with them — did not see him once at the House of the Petitioners — Mr. Myers came up into our Room frequently.

Was not every Man who polled for the Borough strictly questioned as to his being in the actual Possession of the House for which he voted ?

I think not, from the best of my Recollection; many of them said, when voted, <c That is nothing to you,’* or such like.

The Returning Officer lives in Cricklade — I never was there before.

Were there any Voters refused but Paupers,?

I don’t think there were — *if any Man cam£, and said, he had a Right, I believe he was admitted — to the best of my Recollection.

Withdrew.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry to Tramp®, the Lords the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Trans- triontf portation of Felons, and other Offenders, in that Part Feloni of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the I Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

An ingrossed Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of Lambdi the Parish of Lambeth and Parts adjacent, in the WatenuK County of Suirey, with Water, was read the Third Time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, with Water.

Ordered,

'it Geo. III, tyyjttriiu to6y

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mccwbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

pham An ingrossed Bill for lighting and watching the Vilr teL?* aD* lage of Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in lu°e* the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 3. After " built" to insert " not being in the Parish of Battersea."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for lighting and watching the Village of Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Mawbey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

►yal Assent A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Bills. Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, '

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House Of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, ^Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

An Act for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

An Act the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Crown Debtors, or of their Sureties.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for au-u thorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the ^Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the " like Bounty, for destroying certain Spanish Ships of " War, as )s allowed to the Officers and Men on " Board any of His Majesty’s Ships of War taking " or destroying Ships of War belonging to the i€ Enemy."

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of Combing Wool, Worsted Yam, and Goods made from Worsted, in the Counties of Vox. 40.

Bedford, Huntingdon, Northampton, Leicester, Rxltland, and Lincoln, and the Isle of Ely.

An Act for vesting in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oilk, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders, from Pit Cdal, throughout His Majesty’s Dominions, for a limited Time.

An Act for vesting in Edward Bancroft, Doctor in Physic, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns^ the sole Property of his Invention or Discovery of the Use and Application of certain Vegetables for dying staining, printing, and painting certain Valuable Colours throughout that Part of His Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain calledEngland, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited Time.

An Act for draining preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from The Trent to The Mersey, and the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Birmingham to Fazeley, to make a Navigable Canal from the said Trent and Mersey Navigation on Fradiey Heath, in the County of Stafford, to Fazeley, In ther said County; and for confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered Into between the said Trent and Mersey, the Oxford, and the Coventry Canal Navigation Companies.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief and Employ- ' merit of the Poor of the Parish of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for making new Provisions for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, for the Repairs of the Highways, the’ paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Places, in the* Town and Parish of Richmond aforesaid; for the Removal and Prevention of Annoyances, Obstructions, and Encroachments therein; for inclosing certain Commons* or Waste Land, within the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor, and to enable the Vestrymen of the said Parish to erect a Workhouse thereon, and to purchase Land for a Burial Ground; and also to enable His Majesty to shut up a Lane within the said Parish, called Love Lane.

An Act for repairing, new pewing, seating, and erecting Galleries, and making other Alterations and Additions in and to the Parish Church of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

An Act for re-building the Bridge across the River of Ayr, at the Town of Ayr.

An Act for the better preserving and maintaining the Piers and Harbour of Cromarty, in North Britain.

An Act for paving the Footways in the Borough of . Reading, in the County of Berks; for better repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets,* Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Borough; and for removing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

An Act for taking down the Market House in the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, and re-building the same, together with a Session or Court House, in a more convenient Situation; for removing the Shambles, or Botcher Row; for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Borough; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances; and for prohibiting the Covering of any new Houses or Buildings within the said Borough with Thatch.

An Act for better watching, lighting, and cleansing, such Parts of the Ptecinct of Saint Catherine, near

the

Googh

io68

13° Jumi.

A. 1785.

Royal Assent the Tower of London, in the County of Middtestx, as to Bills. are not included in the Provisions of certain Acts, passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of His present MajestyTs Reign, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances thereiq.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Gnlarging the Powers, of an Act of the Fourth Year of IIis present Majesty, for repairing; and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the Cqpntjy of Devon.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, pade in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for widening and " repairing the Road leading from Ashborne, in the u County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the pre-a sent Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield " to Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, " and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby"

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scott's Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or thraugf* the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to ffarrnm, in the County of Roxburgh.

„ An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ac}, pade in the fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, jnlituled, " An Act for amending, widening, and il keeping iu Repair, several Roads leading from the " Town of Gat'diffi and several other Towns and Places " in the County of Glamorganand for making, altering, repairing, and widening certain other. Roads within foe said County.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Mint Marys to Sutton wash, in the said County.

An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, towards Epping; and from the Cause-waff, in the Parish of Low Layton, to the End of the said Parish of Woodford, next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourne, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads.

An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estate of Heneage Earl of Aylesford, in the County of Kent, for another Estate, of greater Value, in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof.

An Act for vesting a Cottage or Tenement, used as and for a School House, and other Hereditaments, in or near the Town of Milton, in the County of Dorset, in Joseph Lord Milton, and his Heirs, in lieu of, or in Compensation for, a Messuage, or Tenement, and Garden, situate and being in the Town of Blandford Forum, of greater Value.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates, and such of the Estates of the Right honourable Sir John Shelley, Baronet, deceased, which, upon his Death, descended to his Son Sir John SheUey, Baronet, an Ifoant, as his Heir at Law, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned.

An Act for better regulating the Charity of John Shqftoe, of Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland, Clerk, deceased.

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the settled Estates of Henry Hippislqy Core, Esquire, in Somersetshire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant as well Lease! Of the Coal Mines as Other Leases.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Cotes, Esquire, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to effectuate a Partition of the Estates of Job Hanmer, Esquire, the Reverend Erasmus Warren, Clerk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Topp, Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and the Costs of Suit, pursuant to the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and for discharging Part of the Estates so vested fi*om a perpetual Yearly Rent Charge, and for subjecting Part of the said John Topp's devised Estates to the Payment thereof.

An Act for impowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Estates of Bambarroch and Shenchan, lying in the County of Wigton, and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, belonging to Robert Agntw, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting either of those Estates, and for vesting the Remainder in Fee Tail to the same Heirs, and under the same Limitations, as arje mentioned in the Deed of Entail thereof, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven.

An Act for vesting the Estate of Drummodie, and others, lying in the County of Wig ton, in Sir William Maxwell, of Muurieth, Baronet, in Fee Simple; and for vesting in the said Sir William Maxwell, his Heirs apd Assigns, in Fee Tail, the Estate of little Kitr lantrae, and others, lying in the same Couqty, in lieu thereof.

An Act for vesting the undivided Moiety of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of William Clarke, Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will for the Benefit of his Daughter, Mary Forbes, and her Issue, in Trustees, for the Purposes within mentioned.

An Act to enable the Honourable Wilbrahm Tot* Irnache, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases of certain Parte of Lands and Hereditaments in the* Coqnty Palatine of Chester (devised by the Will of the Right honourable Lionel, late Earl of Dysart) upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James Walwyn, Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in the said James Walwyn, in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of the said James Wahvyn, in the said County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

An Act for Sale of a sufficient Part of the Estates of Hugh Parnell, a Lunatic, for Payment of his Debts and Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Waste Grounds, and Moss, within the Hamlet or Township of Forton, in the County of Dmeaster.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Donnington %ipon Baine, in the County of Lijncoln.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Crofts, and Common Meadows, and for draining and improving certain Common Moors, within the Parish of Wirnbme Minster, in the County of Dorset.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving certain Lands, Grounds, Carrs, and Common Pastures, io Woodmansey, Theame, Weal, and Skidby, all in the Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in tha East Riding of the County of York.

7 An

as Geo. III. i3°J

An Act for dividing and inclosing an Open Waste, or Common, in the Parish of Sidlesham, in the County of Sussex.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Open Tract of Land, called Rothwell Haigh, within Rothxcell, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for naturalizing William Henry Collignon. *

An Act for naturalizing Barnard Levi.

Insurances An ingrossed Bill for regulating Insurances on Ships, ou Ships, Uc. ancj on gooc|s> Merchandizes, or Effects, was read the Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects.

OrderedThat Mr. Alderman Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desir§ their Concurrence.

British Mr. Alderman Hammet reported from the Corn-

Assurance mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons

iet*’ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Members of a Society called or known by the Description of The British Assurance Society, and now held at the Queens Arms Tavern, Newgate Street, in the City of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it appeared from the Testimony of Mr. Christopher . Howard Bullock, and Mr. Joseph Potter, that about

the Year 1773 the Petitioners, and several others (Mechanics, Tradesmen, Artificers, and Labouring Persons) established a Fund for the Relief of themselves and Families in Cases of Sickness, and other Misfortunes, and held Meetings, and chose certain Persons to collect and apply, under stipulated Rules, the Subscriptions from Time to Time made — That about the Year 1779 the Society very much increased, from which, and on Account of some Variance happening amongst the Members, it became necessary to regulate their former Rules and Orders, and accordingly a Deed (by Way of Policy) with certain Covenants therein specified, was prepared, and the Petitioners were stiled therein The British Assurance Society, an Exemplification of which Deed w>as, for the Purpose of every Member having Access thereto, as Evidence, inrolled in the Court of King’s Bench in Trinity Term 1779 — That since the making of the said Deed, several other Persons have become Members of the said Society, and the same are daily encreasing; yet, notwithstanding the Covenants in the said , Deed, the Petitioners, for Want of being regularly incorporated, find, that they cannot carry into Execution several of the salutary Regulations proposed by their original Institution, and thereby many Persons, who would willingly become Members of the Society, are prevented from so doing through Doubts of the said Society’s Property being sufficiently secured by the present Mode of Establishment — That, for Want of Incorporation, the Society can neither sue, or be sued, but are reduced to the Necessity of proceeding in the Names of certain Members appointed for that Purpose, which not only occasions great Expence, but is constantly attended with Delays and Difficulties.

It also appeared, from the Testimony of the before-mentioned Witnesses, that as the said Society’s Stock is daily encreasing, it has been considered that if the same was placed out on Government Security, or Freehold Lands, in the Name of the Society, not only every Member w ould be better secured in his just Claims, but the Stock would be thereby much im-Vol. 40.

Junii. 1069

proved — That by the Rules and Regulations of the said Society, not only the several Parishes in and round this Metropolis, but also some of the most distant Parishes in the Kingdom, will be greatly disencumbered of their Poor, from several Members of the Society and their Families being, by the Benefits of the said Institution, prevented becoming burthensome to their respective Parishes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a. Bill for incorporating the Members of a Society called The British Assurance Society: And that Mr. Alderman Hammet and Mr. Beaufoy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Offices and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to E^ploy-indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications ' within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in ^Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerk3 to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for rendering valid the Proceedings of Trustees for the Care of Turnpike Roads, at Meetings where Persons have acted without being duly appointed, and for indemnifying such Persons.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Coach-upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and makers* also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Allowances der, a Bill to declare that Brewers, selling Beer or Ale to Brewers, in less Quantities than a Cask containing Four Gallons and a Half, shall not be entitled to any Allowance, out of the Duties of Excise, for Waste or Leakage, and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for Gold and altering and amending an Act, made in the last Session Silver Piatt*, of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to " His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver " Plate imported; and also, certain Duties on all Gold 12 Q "and

Insolvent Debtors.

Excise Laws.

Supply.

1070 13 0 Junii,^.1785.

u and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain" OrderedThat the Report be received Tomorrow was committed, the Amendments which the Commit- Morning.

tee had made to the Bill, and which they had direct- Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report directed by the Committee to move, that they may have in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Leave to sit again.

the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Resolved\ That this House will, upon Wednesday

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the to His Majesty.

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wap ingrossed; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,'

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sir Watkin Lewes, according to Order, reported Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend the several Laws, now in being, giving Jurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise, and the Justices of the Peace, in Matters relating to the Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That the several Accounts which were presented to the House by Mr. Rose upon the 6th Day of May last, relating to the Produce of, and Charges upon, the Duty or Custom of Four and an Half per Centum at Barbadoes and The Leeward Islands, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House the making Provision for discharging the Arrears due upon the said Fund.

Ordered, That the Account of the Annual Charge on the Revenue Duty or Custom of Four and an Half per Centum, at Barbadoes and The Leeward Islands, on the 5th of April 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums charged on the Duties of Four and an Half per Centum, which remained unsatisfied on the 5th Day of April 1785, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Gross Amount, Charges, and Nett Proceeds of the Four and an Half per Centum Duty, from the 5th of April 1775 to the 5th of April 1785, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they Had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Dotiesob ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tobacco. House, to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Tobacco, and of a better Mode of collecting the same.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Importers of Tobacco to London, from the different States in America, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Importers and Manufacturers of Tobacco in the City of Bristol, be referred to the said Committee. s

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants of G

Glasgow, Importers of Tobacco from the States of America to the River of Clyde, be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Paisley T* thereunto subscribed, for themselves and others, Inhabitants within and in the Neighbourhod of the Town of Paisley, vva9 presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive, they will be greatly hurt and prejudiced, if the Bill, now depending in the House, should pass into a Law, for S

continuing the Duty of Two Pennies in the Pint of Ale j

and Beer brewed, vended, or tapped, within the Town of Paisley, as there are several Provisions and Clauses in the said Act which are partial and unjust: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and such Parts thereof as they conceive to be improper, and prejudicial to their Rights and Interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Si Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, p on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for,other Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioners* be heard, by themselves or 2 Counsel,

25 Geo. III. i$0^~ia0 Junii. 1071

Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the ^ud Bill, against the said Petition.

Coart of Sir Adam Fergusson presented to the House, accord-Admiralty, ing to Order, a Bill for regulating the Jurisdiction of Scotland. t|ie court of Admiralty, which, before the Treaty of

Union between the Two Kingdoms, was styled The High Court of Admiralty of Scotland\ and for discharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Ships: And the same was re-

ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Pawn- Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons using or Wokers. exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Management A Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of of Taxes. certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Glove Tax. on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves, or Mittens, by Retail; and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold under such Licences, M as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesddy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-Game Certi- fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-fieau*. tituled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing " of Game," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And the Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housse, Male upon the Bill to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, Servants* and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Duties on a Committee of the whole Flouse, to consider of bet- Coals> &c* ter securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbei't took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Th6 other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ClerkaJn Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of State w hole House, to consider of the Petition of the Clerks u cc* in the Offices of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State.

And then the House adjourned till To-ntorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 14° die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIPU Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

RDE RED, That the Order of the Day, for the inglis’ House to resolve itself into a Committee of the Divorce, whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Inglis, Esquire, with Ann Stewart, his 110W Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Anstruther took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mi4. Anstruthbr reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel, or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Withcoitany Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Supply Bill; A Bill for repealing the Duties on Licences taken Post Horses, out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of 'Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vol. 40.

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to Dudley whom the Bill for extending the present Dudley Canal Canal, from th£ Termination thereof, in certain Lands of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in the County1 of Siajfetrd, was committed; and to

whom

I mh off's Nat.

Shoreditch

Streets.

Borrelt’s

Estate.

107^ 14°

whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of William Earl of Dartmouth, end the humble Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeky Canal Navigations, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the first-mentioned Petition, and had also considered the last mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments,were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Scott of West Looe reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Imhoff, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the ^Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Scott of West Looe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment,

Mr. Maimcaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending Two Acts of the Eighth and Sixteenth Years of 11 is present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and such Part of Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein* was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Fee Farm Rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett, Esquire, and Martha his Wife, in the County of Bedford, comprized in a Settlement made upon their Marriage, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; and for vesting Other Parts of their settled Estates, situate in the County of Kent, for the separate Use of the said Martha Borrett, and to other Uses, the same as in the former Settlements thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Apslcy, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, ManufacUiFers, and

Junii. . 1785.

Wholesale Dealers, of Whitehaven, in the County of Hawkers and Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; Pedlars. Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House, to repeal the several Statutes made for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars; and Representing to the House, That many great and important Advantages are derived from the said useful and industrious Class of Tradesmen, the Quantity of Goods bought and disposed of by them being considerably more extensive than hath been generally conceived, and the Mode of their Sale, which is wholly confined to small Villages and Places remote from general Markets, tends very greatly to diffuse the Manufactures of the Kingdom in general, and is a Source of great Convenience to those Inhabitants who live at a Distance from the principal Towns, great Quantities of Goods, of almost every Description, being thereby vended in detail, which the remote Inhabitant could not find Leisure to seek, and, when Necessity might compel him to go from Home, the Expence of his Journey would frequently be as great as the Object of his Purchase; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will tend greatly to lessen the Consumption of many principal Articles of Manufacture, will consequently curtail the manufacturing thereof, and throw many Manufacturers out of Employment, and must also, in many Cases, prove prejudicial to His Majesty’s Revenue, without taking into Consideration that Loss which will be occasioned by the Want of the Duty on Licences, and, the numerous Body of Men who are now employed in that Branch of Commerce, and who have been bred up therein from their Infancy, who have exerted their Industry, and placed their whole Dependence in Life, under the Sanction and Protection of the Legislature of this Kingdom, will thereby be thrown out of Employment, and they and their Families be reduced to Indigence and Poverty: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and prevent the said intended Bill from passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, to whom Beaumaris the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act School for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Heredita- Lstale# ments, in the Parish of Llandegai, in the County of Carnarvon, belonging to the Trustees of the Free School of Beaumaris, in the Right honourable Richard Lord Penrhyn, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and his Heirs, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Parry do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Supply the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That,

Ways and Means.

Duties on Coals, Arc.

Geo. III. 14°

That, in order to enable His Majesty to make a competent Provision for His Royal Brother the Duke of Gloucester, His Majesty be empowered to settle Annuity of Nine thousand Pounds upon His said Brother, during his Lite, to be payable out of the Aggregate Fund, during the Continuance of an Act* made in the First Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Support of His Majesty s Household, and of the Honour and Dignity " of the Crown of Great Britain," and afterwards to be payable out of such of the Duties and Revenues by the said Act carried to the Aggregate Fund, as shall be subsisting after the Expiration of the said Act: The said Annuity to be in lieu of the like Annuity of Nine thousand Pounds, settled by His Majesty as a Provision in Part for the Support and Maintenance of His said Brother, payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum, in Barbadoes and The Leeward Islands.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand One hundred and Thirteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Siic Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Sums, charged on the Duties of Four and a Half per Centum, which remained unsatisfied on the 5th Day of April 1785.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer* red to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is thp Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Four Pounds per Annum be laid upon all Hawkers and Pedlars- not travelling with any Horse, Ass, or Mule, over and above all other Duties now payable by Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion ,of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, every Hawker, or Pedlar, travelling with a Horse, Ass, or Mule, do pay the Duty of Eight Pounds per Annum for every Horse, Ass, or Mule, he shall so travel with, over and above all other Duties now payable by Law.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Air. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for regulating the Trade of Hawkers and Pedlars.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, That he was directed by Vo l. .40.

JuniL 1073

the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm* and Cinders.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, My. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr.

Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Alotion was made, and the Question being pro- Public posed, That the ingrossed Bill for better examining Account* and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, be now read the Third Time; *

The House was moved, That the Conclusion of the Twelfth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which was presented to the House upon the 11 th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for incapacitating the Commissioners to' be appointed by the Act from sitting and voting in Parliament.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put#

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. William WyndharrA Tellers for the Yeas, I Grenville, > 74.

[ Air. Rose: J

}'*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:’ And that the Title be, An Act for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Air. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Pepys and Mr.

Thomson:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Afl Cheltenham, Act for amending the Roads from a Place called Piffs &c* Hoads* Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham, to Elston Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road, at a Place called Pewsdon Ash, and frofti Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilkenny, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field, through Birdlip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painswick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Foffont,&c. Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Inclosure. Lands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Foffont, Swallowclift, Ebesborne Wake, Broadchalk,

Bower chalk, Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stanbridg* Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Lane Hoads, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop,

12 R ' and

Schrieber’s

Name.

Duties on Flasks.

Drawbacks on Snuff.

Importing Wine in Small Casks.

Exporting Wheat, &c. to America.

Excise Laws.

Supply Bill; Male Servants.

f6j4 140 Junii. A. 1785.

and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of Henry Hattat,

Jt Airbridge, to’ the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Isqufre, at East Tnderky, and from Lockerley Mill Stream to Gtf/c, and from the said Garden

Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury; Without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Schrieber, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Late-ward; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

licsolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve ftsblf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil & imported.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Drawbacks allowed on Snuffs exported.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of permitting the Importation of Wine in small Casks for private Use.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Exportation of " certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to " His, Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to " the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Set-u tlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, " and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova " Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for in-u demnitying all Persons with respect to advising, or " carrying into Execution, His Majesty’s Orders of " Council already made, for allowing the Exporta-ic iiofi Of WHeat, &nd other Articles/’ might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of the said Act, as relates to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain qnd amend the several Laws, now in being,

SJurisdiction to the Commissioners of Excise, e Justices of the Peace, in Matters relating to the Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the First of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Iron Masters, Nail Manufacturers, and others, concerned in the Iron Trade, at West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, and Neighbourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That very large Sums of Money are employed in making Bar Iron in Britain, which could not be done to Profit, if there ‘was not some Duty laid upon the Importation of Foreign Iron, and which is now £.2. 16$. id. per Ton, and in Ireland only () 6*. 2 d. English Money; and, many Thousands of Manufacturers have, for a great Number of Yeafs, been employed upon Iron Wares exported from Britain to America, to which Country nearly the Whole of our Export Trade in that Article has been confined; and that, in the Year 1778, Liberty was given to export Iron Wares from Ireland to America, provided a Duty of £.3. 3s. lid. per Ton was imposed thereon, as an Equivalent for the Difference of the Duties then paid in Britain and in Ireland upon the Importation of Bar Iron, and, since that Time, a farther Duty of 7 s. 7 d. per Ton has been laid upon Bar Iron in Britain, so that the true equalizing Duty should ndw be £.3. ibs. 3d. per Ton; and that, when the Resolutions of the House of Commons in Ireland, relative to a Commercial Intercourse between the Two Kingdoms, came under the Consideration of the Iron Masters, Nail Manufacturers, and others, at a public Meeting held upon the 21st Day of February last, at West Bromwich, it was not understood by the Petitioners, that the Irish were at Liberty to export Iron Wares to the United States of America free of the equalizing Duty of £.3. 3$. 11 d. as settled in 1778; but, at a Second Meeting of Iron Masters and Nail Manufacturers, at the same Place, on the 18th Day of March last, a Petition to this House was signed* representing, that they employed many Thousand Persons in making of Nails and other Iron Wares^ and that, by the United States of America having become independent of this Country, the Irish had accidentally acquired the Liberty of exporting Iron Wares to those States free of Duty, by which the Advantage to Manufacturers in Ireland was so great that there could be no Doubt some of the substantial Manufacturers in this Vicinity would establish Works it that Country, unless some effectual Means were adopted to prevent the Removal of Workmen, and therefore they prayed, that the Commercial Intercourse with Ireland might not be finally settled without equal Duties being imposed upon the Importation of Bar Iron into both Kingdoms; and that the Petitioners being, since that Time, informed, that it is not probable that either the equalizing Duty, as Settled in the Year 1778, will be continued, or Iron Wares exported from Ireland to the United States of America, or that the Duty to be paid in Ireland, on the Importation of Bar Iron, will be made equal to that in Britain, they consider it their indispensable Duty to their Neighbourhood, and to their Country, again humbly to make these Representations of the Situation of the Nail and IronWare Trade, now that the great Advantage of removing Workmen to Ireland is publicly and generally known, and to declare that they have no Doubt there is a Necessity for taking immediate Measures to prevent the planting a considerable Part of the Nail and Iron Ware Trade in that Country, where so many Advantages would attend the carrying it on, besides the important one here stated; and, they very much fear, if Establishments should be begun in Ireland, by any of the Petitioners, or by many others who are equally qualified, there would be no Probability of the Trade ever returning to this Country: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to adopt such effectual Methods for the Protection of the Iron Trade in Britain, as to the House shall seem meet, and that

9 00

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

B^ GeO. m. 14° — Ij" Junii.

ion

no Article may be rirade la Part Of the Treaty now in Agitation that may prevent or render it difficult for the British Parliament to place this Kingdom on equal Terms with Ireland, for continuing the Export of Nails , and Iron Wares to America, with as much Advantage as before the United States became independent.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Bill $ Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-brokers resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

ro er8. House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Dudes On Licences, to be taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker.

Management Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-of Taxes. ing^ resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 15° die Junii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIP Regis, 1785. Prayers.

Birmingham Canal* at or near Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr* Edward Foley, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, to New Sanun whom the Bill for the Removal and Re-building of Council the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol, of the Gbumber* City of New Sarum; and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Offices and omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or In-others, who have omitted to register or deliver in enmi^ their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according td Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time.

Graum&nn's

Nat.

Christ

Church

Bristol.

Dudley

Canal.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Act for naturalizing Hermann Graumann, was read be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted a Second Time. to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who Call, Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet this have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s tions within the Time limited by Law, and for giving Chamber. further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify

Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Mr. Brickdak reported from the Committee, to Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted whom the Bill for re-building the Parish Church of to be stamped according to Law, or, having been Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing City of Bristol, and for widening the Streets adjacent them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to thereto, was committed; That the Committee had give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures same to be true; and that the Committee had gone of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indem-through the Bill, and made several Amendments nifying Persons who have acted as Trustees of Turu-thereunto, which they had directed him to report pike Roads in certain Cases, and declaring their Proto the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ceedings valid.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to thp

ments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amend- Fords, and desire their Concurrence,

tnents were Once read throughout; and then a Second

Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Time for the imprison-put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison upon ment by them, agreed to by the House. Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience, in London, Middle- Courts of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be sex, and the Borough of Southwark, and for abolishing Conscience,

ingrossed. Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers or others, on

Account of such Imprisonment, was read the Third An ingrossed Bill for extending the present Dudley Time.

Canal, from the Termination thereof in certain Lands Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

of Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, within the Parish of be, An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprison-

Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and comment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecu-xnnnicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and tions in Courts of Conscience, in London, Middlesex,

Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Tipton Green, in and the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time. each Court; and for abolishing Fees paid by those

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Ti- Debtors to Gaolers or others, on Account of such Im-tie be, An Act for extending the Dudley Canal to the prisomnent Vol. 40.

Ordered,

Kilnwick

Inclosure.

Insolvent Debtors.

Scotland — Judges of Coui ts of Session.

Turpentine

Manufac-

tories.

1075

150 Junii.

A. 1785.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr, Buncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and Inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, or Pasture Grounds and Common, within the Township of Kilnwick, in the Parish of Kilnwick^ in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the' Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, and also to the changing Two of the Commissioners therein named, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and for the Relief of Bankrupts in certain Cases.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Sawbi'idgc do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Adam Fergusson, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for augmenting the Salaries, and lessening the Number, of the Judges in the Courts of Session and Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more <c effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the " Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties " thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and u Places, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bon, Paddington, Saint " Pancras, and Saint Luke, at Chelsea, in the County " of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain " Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, against " the Penalties to which they are or may be liable, iC for erecting Buildings, within the Limits aforesaid,

" contrary to Law," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, with respect to Houses and Buildings used in the Manufacture of Turpentine: And that Mr. Henry Thornton and Mr. Le Mesurier do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do extend certain Provisions of the said Act to Houses or Buildings, used in the Manufacture of Pitch and Tar.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Duties on House, to consider of the Duties upon Flasks in Hask*. which Floi'ence Wine and Oil is imported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolve*! itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. GUbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coasider further of the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Supply Bill; Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale, was er*' read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to declare that Brewers, selling Beer or Ale Allowance* in less Quantities than a Cask containing pour Gal- to Brewers, Ions and a Half, shall not be entitled to any Al- &c* lowance, out of the Duties of Excise, for Waste or Leakage, and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Cora, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Duties on a Bill for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, Coals, and Cinders: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply B to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Male Ser upon thp Bill to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and vaats* for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

Ways and Cleans.

Elections —

Cdtfnty

Voters.

British

Assurance

Society.

Turpentine

Manufacto-

ries.

25 Geo. III. 15°

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Com- tnittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, was again re-committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting the Freeholders of Cricklade and Shoreham.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Alderman Hammet presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for incorporating the Members of a Society called The British Assurance Society: ^And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Houses and Estates in Potters Fields, within the Parish of Saint John, Horsey Down, and Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners and others have sustained a very great Loss and Damage in their Property by a Fire which lately happened in or near a Manufactory of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, in the Occupation of Mr. Edward Webster, in Horsey Dawn aforesaid; and that the carrying on of such Businesses subjects the Houses and Buildings in the Vicinity of the Manufactory to constant and imminent Danger of Accidents by Fire, notwithstanding the Regulations provided by Law respecting the Situation of Turpentine Manufactories;

Vol. 40.

JuniL %o 77

ahd that the Proprietor of the said Manufactory is willing to desist from carrying on his Trade there, provided an Indemnification be given him for the Loss and Injury he may sustain by removing it; and, the Petitioners would raise, among themselves, a Sum of Money to provide such an Indemnity, but, by Reason of the grievous Losses they have recently sustained by the said Fire, they are totally unable so to do: And therefore praying, That* in Consideration of these Circumstances, they may have Leave to present a Petition praying for Relief, notwithstanding the last Day for receiving Petitions is passed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set: forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition* as desired by the said Owners of Houses and Estates in Potters Fields, within the Parish of Saint John, Horsey Doom, and Borough of Southwark.

Then a Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Houses and Estates in Potters Fields, within the Parish of Saint John, Horsey Dawn, and Borough of Southwark, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and others, have sustained a very great Loss and Damage in their Pro- perty by a Fire, which happened on the 7th Day of May last, in or near a Manufactory of Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, in the Occupation of Mr. Edward JVebster, situate in Hai'sey Dawn aforesaid, and, the Petitioners conceive the carrying on of such Businesses subjects the Houses and Buildings in the Vicinity of the Manufactory to constant and very imminent Danger of Accidents by Fires, notwithstanding the Regulations provided by Law respecting the Situation of Turpentine Manufactories; and Representing to the House, That, on the Spot where the Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings, lately belonging to the Petitioners, stood, such Trades are particularly hazardous and alarming, the Streets being narrow, and the Warehouses therein, and on the Bank of the River, being always full of Goods and Merchandize, to a very great Value, and that the Proprietor of the said Manufactory of Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, situate in Horsey Down, at the Request of the Petitioners and the Neighbourhood, is willing to desist from carrying on his Trade there, provided an Indemnification be given him for the Loss and Injury he may sustain by removing his Manufactory to another Place; and that the Removal of so dangerous a Trade would not only be a great Satisfaction and Security to the Petitioners, but of great Benefit to the Neighbourhood for a great Extent, and to the Shipping which resort to the Warehouses on the Side of the River where the said Manufactory now stands, and, the Petitioners would chearfully raise among themselves a Sum of Money to provide such an Indemnity to the Proprietor thereof as aforesaid, but, by Reason of the grievous Losses they have recently sustained by the said Fire, they are totally unable so to do: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that an adequate Indemnification may be provided, for the above Purpose, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the Circumstances of their Situation may be found to merit and require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

12 S And

Supply.

Supply Bill; Glove Tax.

Supply Bill; Game Certificates*

Clerks in Sec. of States Offices.

Supply Bill; Pawnbrokers.

Management of Taxes.

Supply Bill; Shop Tax.

1078 15' — 16* Junil A. 1785.

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Thornton, Mr. Le each itinerant Traders (however supported by Peti-Mesurier, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow tion) is not only prejudicial to the resident Trader,

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s but evidently a Nursery for Inland Smuggling, and Chamber: And have Power to send for Persons, not of the least Benefit or Advantage to the Commu-

Papers, and Records. nity in general: And therefore praying the House to

take the Premises into Consideration, and that those The other Orders of the Day being read; Persons may be prohibited from carrying on their Traffic

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- and Practices as heretofore, so injurious to the fair and

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole resident Shopkeepers in the Country, or that such other House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Relief may be granted them, as to the House shall seem F

His Majesty. meet. t)

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Table.

House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty

certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Per- A Message from die Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr.

sons vending Gloves, or Mittens, by Retail; and Thomson:

also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold under Mr. Speaker,

such Licences. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Arundd

Resolved', That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting, Strwts*

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in Borough of Arundel, in the County of Susses, and for the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present removing and preventing incroachments, Obstructions,

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment;

Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with And also,

" respect to the killing of Game," and for granting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An CordageM* other Duties in lieu thereof. Act for more effectually preventing Deceits and FraudsBulacUa

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- in the Manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made House, to consider of the Petition of the Clerks in Cordage; without any Amendment: And also,

the Offices of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Transport*

State. for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and tion of

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called ^ons‘ ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty in certain Cases; without any Amendment: And certain Starrfp Duties on Licences to be taken out by also,

Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An iugum* Pawnbroker. Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on ouSliip

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects; without any

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Amendment* # -

House, upon the Bill for transferring the Receipt and And then the Messengers withdrew* 1

Management of certain Duties therein mentioned,

from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Com- An ingrossed Bill for amending Two Acts of the SMA missioners of Stamps; respectively, to the Comtnis- Eighth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, Strettl* sioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making for opening certain Passages, and for paving the further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so Streets, and other Places in the Parish of Saint Leo-transferred. . nard, Shoreditch, and such Part of Hog Lane as lies

within the Liberty of Noi'ton Falgate, in the County And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein,

Morning, Ten of the Clock. was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending Two Acts of the Eighth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages^ and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and such Part of Hog Lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein. '

Ordered, That Mr. Mmmoaring do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

AP E TI T I O N of the principal Shopkeepers

and Traders of the County of Sussex, whose Mr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to Osbornes, Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, iotitoled, hm the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti- An Act to enable Elizabeth Osborne, William Synrntk, tioners finding a Bill has passed the House, laying a Thomas Symonds Powell^ and John Moore Green, their Tax on Retail Shops, and that it wms proposed, by Heirs or Assigns, to convey certain Lands and He-Way of Recompence, to revoke, and take away to- reditaments, in the Parish of Clehonger, in the County tally, the Licences of all Hawkers and Pedlars, of Hereford, and which are now subject to the Trusts the Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, of the Will of the late John Smith, Esquire, in Ex-That, while they Labour under, and are subject to, change for other Lands in the same County, of the heavy Burthens of Parochial and other Taxes greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held by, them (from which these itinerant Traders are entirely ex- respectively, upon the Trusts of the said Will of the empt) they have the Mortification to see their Neigh- said John Smith, was committed; That the Commit-hours inveigled away by fallacious Advertisements, and tee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and are thereby deprived of the Advantages which ought found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-to arise to them, and which, in Justice, they presume cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-they ought to receive: That an Encouragement to tisfaction 01 the Committee; and that the Committee

13 had

Jovis, 16* die Jtinii;

Anno 250 Georgii III1* Regis, 1785. Prayers.

Googh

25 Geo. III. i6° Juttiu 1079

had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Ordered, That it he aa tnstractioa to the Committee Supply Bill; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in of the whole House, to whom die Bill for granting to Glov.Tux. at the Clerk’s Table. His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. out by Persons vending Gloves, or Mittens, by Retail;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold

Ordered, That Mr. Scudamore do carry the Bill to under such Licences, is committed, That they haye the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to agreed to the same, without any Amendment. the said Resolution.

'ayment by be Bank.

Supply Bill; Post Horses.

Way9 and Means.

The House was moved, That an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for establishing an Agreement " with the Governor and Company of the Bank of " England, for advancing the Sum of Two Millions u towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one," might be read.

_ And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, H An Act to postpone the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions advanced by the " Governor and Company of the Bank of England li towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One u thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one/’ might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England towards the Supply for the Service of -the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-One: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bulla', the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, \fr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney Ge-nerad, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Sill for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and fey Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and mad$ several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, -when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the ^Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report <to the House; which he read in his Place; and after--ward6 delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; *and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this 'Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be raised, levied, collected, and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by all Persons uttering or vendingin Great Britain any Gloves, or Mittens, made of Silk, Leather, or any other Material, a Stamp Duty of One Shilling for a Licence, to be Annually taken out for that Purpose.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon -the Question pat thereupon, agreed to by ;the House.

Vol. 40.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Flasks, ferred to consider of the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. *

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties charged upon Flasks in which Wine and Oil have been usually imported be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Importation of Wines in Small Casks, for private Use, be permitted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, be revived and continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read tt Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions, And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney Genera], Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mn Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to wfiom the Bill to Male repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting Servants, new Duties on Male and Female Servants, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Officers on Half Pay, disabled by Wound or Loss of Limb, from the Duty.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the vHouse, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordwed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Jurisdic- Admiralty tion of the Court of Admiralty, which, before the Court, Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, was Scotla»^ styled The High Court of Admiralty of Scotland, and for discharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court, and Tor the Punishment of Persons destroying Ships, be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pawn-upon -the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain brokers* Stamp Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, be now read.

Supply Bill;

Game

Certificates.

New Sarum Council Chamber, fee.

Supply Bill;

Coach-

makers.

Allowances to Brewers, &c.

Supply Bill Glove Tax.

1080 — 17

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with " respect to the killing of Game," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the Removal and Re-building of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of New Sarum: and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Removal and Re-building of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of New Sarum; and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Hussey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to declare that Brewers, selling Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask containing Four Gallons and a Half, shall not be entitled to any Allowance, out of the Duties of Excise, for Waste or Leakage, and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens, by Retail; and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold under such Licences.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

5 Junii. A. 1785.

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Clerk. iD House, to consider of the Petition of the Clerks in^ ofsia the Offices of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of °*w State.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mora-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps," respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 17° die Junii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1785.

P RATERS.

E SOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjourn, of the House this Day, adjourn till MondaymtDt-Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the Creditors Baokmpu. of Bankrupts, and for regulating the Time of issuing Commissions of Bankruptcy, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be' added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That if any Commission should be superseded, and a new Commission issued, Proof may be received of an Act of Bankruptcy prior to the issuing the last Commission.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 31. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line, to " Person," in line 34.

1. 34. After " Person" to insert " whatsoever shall," and, after " be" to insert " declared."

I.35. After " Bankrupt" to insert "under any Commission to be " awarded or issued forth after " the said 1st Day of Aumt

" 1785"

1. 39. After " been " to insert " done " or."

Pr. 7. 1. 5. To leave out the last Clause.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Bankrupts, and for regulating the Time of issuing Commissions of Bankrupt

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An J# Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Inglis, Esquire, Uirt:! with Am Stewart, his now Wife, and to enable him to

marry

Christ

,'hurch,

Bristol.

Aylesbury, &c. Roads.

Payment by the Bank.

Excise in Scotland.

Paisley Two

Pennies

Scots.

25 Geo. 111. 170 Junii. 1081

marry again, and ft>r other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Maitland do cany the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol, and for widening the Street's adjacent thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol, and for widening the Streets adjacent thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending th*e Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Btn-sington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Post comb and Tetsuorth, in the said County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford; and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcomb and Tctsworth, in the said County of Oxford.

Ordered That Mr. Michael.Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the several Taxes granted since the 5th Day of January 1776, for One Year, ending the 5th of April 1785.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir James Johnstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots

Vol. 40.

Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale,1 brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for themselves and others, Inhabitants within, and in the Neighbourhood of the Town of Paisley, w'as referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said BiN;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, to'Turpentine whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Manufac-are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Houses and Estates tones* in Potters Fields, within the Parish of Saint John, Horsey Dozen, and Borough of Southwark, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richard Davis being examined, said, That in consequence of a Fire which happened upon the 7th of May last, in or near a Manufactory of Turpentine,

Pitch, and Tar, belonging to Mr. Edward Webster, situate in Horsey Dozen, very considerable Loss and Damage have been sustained by the Petitioners and others, to the Amount of between and £.500,000 —

That the Witness’s Loss was very considerable — That it is computed that 1,000 Ton of Hemp, near 10,000 Barrels of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, a great Quantity of Oil and Logwood, besides other Articles, were totally destroyed; together with near 700 Ton of Tea belonging to the East India Company.

That the carrying on of such Businesses subjects the Houses and Buildings in the Vicinity of the Manufactory to constant and very imminent Danger of Accidents by Fire, notwithstanding the Regulations provided by Law, respecting the Situation of Turpentine Manufactories — That on the Spot where the Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings lately destroyed stood, such Trades are particularly hazardous and alarming, the Streets being narrow, and the Warehouses therein and on the Bank ot* the River being always full of Goods and Merchandize to a very great Value.

And the Witness further said, That the Removal of so dangerous a Trade would not only be a Satisfaction and Security to the Petitioners, but of great Benefit to the Neighbourhood for a considerable Ex^ tent, and to the Shipping which resort to the Warehouses on the Side of the River where the said Manufactory now stands; and that the Petitioners would chearfully raise among themselves a Sum of Money, for the Purpose of indemnifying the Proprietor of the said Manufactory, for the Loss and Injury he may sustain in removing the same to anodier Place (which, at the Request of the Petitioners and the Neighbourhood, he has consented to do) but, by Reason of the 12 T grievous

m

Graumanns

Nat.

*083

170 Juniu

A. 1785.

frievous Losses they have recently sustained by the said ire, they are totally unable so to do. Then,

Mr. Webster being examined, informed your Committee, That he has been in Possession of the said Ma-nufactory near 20 Years — That he holds the Whole of his Premisses by Lease, of which 27 Years are unexpired — That when he first went there, the Manufactory stood clear of Buildings; but since that Time, several Buildings have been erected round it — That in case a fair and adequate Indemnification is granted to him, he is willing to remove the said Manufactory to another Situation, in order to accommodate the Neighbourhood — That he has had an Estimate made of the Expence he should sustain by building a new Manufactory in another Place. — And he produced to your Committee the said Estimate, which amounts to £. 6,200.

And being asked, What would be the Expence of re-building his Warehouses upon the present Scite ? He said, he supposed about £. 1,500 would reinstate what he has lost; and that his Turpentine Manufactory is the least damaged.

Then an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for making " more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of " her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of cc Mischiefs that may happen by Fire," was read; whereby it was enacted, That it should not be lawful for any Person or Persons to distil or boil any Turpentine, nor draw any Oil of Turpentine and Rosin by distilling of common Turpentine, nor boil the said Oil and Turpentine together, above the Quantity of Ten Gallons at One Time, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, in any Worldiouse contiguous to any other Building, but should stand distant from any other Building, at least 50 Foot, except such Houses as were then built in Southwark, and used for the said Trade, and except the Still and Furnace built by Daniel Toombes, at his House at Holborn Bridge, for the Distillation of Oil of Turpentine, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

Then Two Acts, made in the Twelfth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating Buildings and Party Walls within the Cities of London and Westminster, were also read; by which it appeared, that the said Act of Queen Anne was repealed, and the Restrictions and Penalties therein contained were re-enacted, without any Exception in Favour of Manufactories then existing.

Then Mr. Webster being again called, informed your Committee, That at the Time of passing the said Acts of the Twelfth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, he was not aware of the Restrictions contained in them; and that he did not even know, till after the late Fire, that such an Act existed.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hermann Graumarm, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords: and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the E'ay, for the House Management to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Taxes, upon the Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Duties on of the whole House, to whom it is referred to con- Fla8k8>®cc* sider further of the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported, That they do consider of allowing the Exportation of a limited Quantity of *

Wheat, Wheat Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, from the Port of Lancaster to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act c* to impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum " or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to land " the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise " charged thereon, and to lodge the same in W'arehouses at their own Expence; and for the Relief of " , Ralph Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock " Salt lost by the overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and " Dane," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Commis-Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretaries of the Commissioners appointed to examine, ^0uun£ &c* take, and state, the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, which have not been made good by Parliament.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the BH1 for Cer" repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of u cates* the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on " Certificates issued with respect to the killing of " Game," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which tli£

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

tfflyBi

1

i5 Geo. III.

170 Junii.

Supply Bill; Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Jost Horses. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the brokers Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they fiad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ope; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Flasks, &c. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Clerks in Ordered’ That the Order of the Day, for the House

Sec. State tp resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Offices. to consider of the Petition of the Clerks in the Offices

of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, he now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker Jest the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they Lad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

General Index to Journals.

Mr. Alderman Sapbridge reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect the Progress made by Mr. Cunninghame, One of the Persons appointed to make a General Index ,to the Journals of this House, and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had Vol. 40.

inspected the same accordingly, and h.qd come tP a Resolution, which they bad; directed him tQ report to the House; and he read (he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the.

Clerk’s Table: Where foe same was read* and as followeth; viz.

Mr. Cnnninghame being examined, ipformed your Committee, That his Part* of the Incjex (which comprehends the Period from 1st Edward the Sixth, to the 10th Charles the Second, and i$ contained in the first Seven Volumes of the printed Journals) is completely ready for the Press — That bp was first appointed to this Business in July 1771, apd cqmpjeated it in January 1779.

Your Committee then read the Report which was made to the House, upon the 3d Day of March 1778, from " the Committee who were appointed to in-<c spect the Progress made by the several Persons appointed to make a General ludex to the Journals of " this House; apd to report the same, with their " Opinion thereupon, to the House;" aPd which i$ entered in the journals of the House.

And Mr. Cunninghame being again pxapfined, said,

That, in consequence of the saisi Report, he received £.500 on Account of the Progress he had fofcrt made — That when he had completed his Work, in January 1779, he gave Notice to several Members of the above Committee; but that nothing further has yet been done in the Business, except that in June 1779, in consequence of an Address moved in th£

House, he received £.500 more, in further Part Payment; and that, before the Appointment of the Committee, in 1777-8, he had received £.700 on Account, by the Order of Sir Fletcher Norton, theft Speaker; which makes £. 1,700 in foe Whole that he has received on Account.

Upon a full Consideration of the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Mr. Cunninghame is deserving, over and above the Sum of £. 1,700, which he has already received, of a further Sum of £.3,000, as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble7 and Expence, in having compiled a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons, from 1547 to 1660.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Allowances to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Brewers, upon the Bill to declare that Brewers, selling Beer or &«-Ale in less Quantities than a Cask containing Tour Gallons and a Half, shall not be entitled to any Allowance, out of the Duties of Excise, for Waste or Leakage, and for making Allowances to Distillers of how ^ines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Coach-

upon makers-

Duties on Tobacco,

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Supply Bill; Gleve Tax.

British

Assurance

Society.

Supply Bill Shop Tax.

1084

170 — 2 6° Junii.

A. 1785.

upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Du* ties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. *

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone' through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Tobacco, and of a better Mode of collecting the same.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves, or Mittens, by Retail; and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold under such Licences.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning . next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncc, 20* die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP Regis, 1785. Prayers.

ABIL L for incorporating the Members of a Society called The British Assurance Society, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Ilammet, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, the Petitioners are sensible, the Exigencies of the State are such as to require new Taxes, but that the Tax imposed on Retail Shops is in many Instances very burthensome; and, that the only Alleviation the Petitioners can point out to themselves in the present Case, is a repeal of the several Acts for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars, and the Petitioners rely on the Wisdom of Parliament for a Repeal of those Acts, and that a Prohibitory Act may be passed, to prevent those itinerant Traders from carrying on their Traffic, so very prejudicial to the fair resident Tradesman, who is so heavily burthened with Parochial

and other Taxes; and that the Hawkers and Pedlars are greatly prejudicial to the Revenue of this Kingdom, by the illicit Trade they carry on, and are a Nuisance to the Community at large, by their frequent Impositions, and the Petitioners hope that the Idea which was held forth, when the Shop Tax was first proposed, of abolishing all itinerant Traders, will not be abandoned.

A Petition of the several' Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Retail Shopkeepers residing in or near the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the Town of Penzance, in the County of Cornwall;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, though already heavily burthened with Parochial Rates and numerous Taxes, are truly sensible that the Exigencies of the State require other Taxes to be imposed, and that they must contribute their Part, but, at the same Time, they represent to the House, that the levying a Tax upon Shops will operate as a most partial and oppressive Tax upon Shopkeepers, unless the several Acts for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars be repealed, or such considerable Duties imposed on their Licences, or otherwise, as will prevent them from underselling, and thereby injuring, the Shopkeepers, who already pay Duties on almost all the Articles they deal in; and that the House Tax, Window Tax, Commutation Tax, Insurance Tax, and the Taxes on Bills of Exchange and Re* ceipts, heavily affect them, but the greatest Evil which the Petitioners experience, and which they submit to the Consideration of the House, -is the long Credit the Retail Shopkeepers are compelled to allow to their Customers, whilst the Haw kers and Pedlars, who pay few Taxes, carry off the Ready Money, which often should have been applied to pay Book Debts too long outstanding for the Interest of the Retail Shopkeepers, and to the Injury of their Families: And therefore praying ing the House, to take their Case into Consideration, and to give them such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet A Petition of the Shopkeepers resident within the Borough of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the late Tax upon Shops, added to the several Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes before imposed upon them, will become a very excessive Burthen upon their Trade, unless the several Acts of Parliament granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars be repealed, as the Petitioners had every Reason to expect; and that the Hawkers and Pedlars have many Opportunities of dealing in Contraband Goods, and should they be permitted to carry on their Traffic, which at present is free from all Taxes whatsoever, their Licences only excepted, it would tend to increase the Number of such itinerant Traders, and lessen the Number of Shopkeepers, to the great Detriment of the Revenues of this Kingdom; and that, if the Hawkers and Pedlars were suppressed, they would not necessarily be reduced to Indigence, because they have an equal Right to keep Shops, and follow a fair and open Trade, with their Fellow Subjects: And therefore

praying, That the several Acts of Parliament for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars may be repealed, and a prohibitory Act passed, to prevent such itinerant Traders, if, in the Wisdom of Parliament, it should be thought proper.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers in the City of Canterbury, was likewise presented to the House, and

read;

as Geo. III. ap ° Jrnii. 1085

read; Setting forth, That an Act having passed in the the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Issues on present Session of Parliament, for granting to His and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Addresses. Majesty certain Duties on Shops, and the Petitioners, their Address to His Majesty,

being greatly alarmed by several Petitions having been An Account of all Sums of Money which have been presented to the House, for continuing the Licences of issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses Hawkers and Pedlars, contrary to the Resolutions of this House, and which have not been made good by 9

of the House for suppressing the same, do therefore Parliament. 0

pray, That such Resolutions may be passed into a Law, Mr. Hughson also, from the Exchequer, presented to Expences of and that the Petitioners, the resident Shopkeepers, the House, pursuant to their Orders, Convicts,

burthened with accumulated Taxes, may be relieved An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Camp-from the very material Injury they sustain, as Retail bell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintain-Traders, by licensed Travellers coming amongst them, ing, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and by whom, they will venture to say, the Inhabi- and which have not been made good by Parliament: tants of the Country are not benefited, but fre- And also,

quendy deceived, both in the Price and Quality of the An Account of the Monies which have been issued Commission-Goods they buy of such licensed Hawkers and Pedlars, to the Secretaries of the Commissioners, appointed to ^cofu^gblic in firm Reliance that the House will take the Premises examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of this &c into Consideration, and not impose on the Petitioners Kingdom, and to the Commissioners appointed to en-a partial Tax, without affording them the proposed quire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, which Relief. have not been made good by Parliament.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to And then he withdrew.

lie upon the Table. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughson, from

e

Vol. 40.

12 U

To

1086

2o° Junii.

A. 1785

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

1 Between 5th July and 10th October 1784. Between 10th October 1784 and 5th January 1785. Between 5th January and 5 th April 1785. Between 5th April and 5th July 1785-

To George Rose, Esquire, to enable him to pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn upon him by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the Relief of the Poor in the Northern Counties - £ s. 644 9 — £ s. d. £ s. d.

To Thomas Harrison and Samuel Brooke, Printers, for printing sundry Copies of the Preliminary Articles of Peace with France and Spain, and Provisional Articles with America; and also, sundry Copies of the Definitive Treaties with France, Spain, and America, and Preliminary Articles with Holland, delivered to the House of Lords, and Commons, and to the Officers of the Council and Treasury ---- 305 9 ~

To John Hatsell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons - 1,500

To John Nicholls, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons 571 6 6

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, for defraying the Expence attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons - 2,460 5 3

To Joseph Nollekens, Statuary, for executing and erecting a Monument in Westminster Abbey, to the Memory of Captains Blair and Bathe, and Lord Robert Manners 1,585 8 6

4,9io 3 3 57i 6 6 - 1,585 8 6

57i 6 6 4,910 3 3

£ 7,066 18 3

Exchequer, the 20th Day of June 1785.

John Hug

To

25 Geo. III.

2o° Junii.

1087

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Between the 5th July and 10th October ,784* Between the 10th October 1784 and 5th January 1785. Between the 5th January and 5th April 1785- Between the 5 th April and 5th July 1785-

To Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames - £ s. d. 1,848 10 — £ s. d. 4,641 5 6 I- s. d. 3.451 J9 10 £. s. d. i 3,636 19 — 3,451 19 10 4,641 5 6 1,848 10 —

£ 13,578 14 4

Exchequer, the 20th Day of June 1785.

John Hughson.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretaries of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, which have not been made good by Parliament.

Between 5th July Between 10th October Between 5th January Between 5th April

and lotli October 1784 and 5th and 5th April and 5th July

1784. January 1785. 1785* 1785- .

To John Lane, Gent. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to examine, £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

take, and state, the Public Accounts of this Kingdom - 500 — — - — 500 500 — —

To John Forster, Gent. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists - - 500 / 500 700

£ 1,000 - 1,000 1,200

' £ 1,000 1,00® 3,200

Exchequer, the 20th Day

of June 1785. John Hughson.

Vol. 40.

Ordered,

io88

ao° Junii. A. 1785.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Commercial A Petition of the Landholders and Commissioners

Supply of the County of Aberdeen, was presented w! re an. House, and read; Setting forth, That, on the Introduction into this House of the Propositions for a Commercial Intercourse with Ireland, in their original Form, the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, under the deepest Sense of the destructive and dangerous Tendency of these Propositions, did, in the firmest though most respectful Terms, signify to the Public their Sense of that important Measure, in a Resolution unanimously adopted at a Meeting called for that special Purpose, on the 12th of March last; and that the Commissioners of Supply, being afterwards advised that the only Constitutional Mode of submitting their Grievances, on this Occasion, to the Consideration of Parliament, was by presenting a Petition to this House, did accordingly, at their Annual General Meeting, on the 30th of April last, resolve on and prepare a Petition to the House, praying that these Propositions might not pass into a Law, which was signed by the Praeses, in Name, and by Appointment of the Meeting, but the ‘Petition was refused to be received, on Account of its not being signed by each individual Commissioner; the Petitioners, however, are happy to see that the general and decided Voice of the Commercial and Manufacturing Interest of Great Britain, confirmed by the Evidence which has been given‘ at the Bar of the House, in Support of the numerous Petitions which were presented from other Counties and Corporations, have induced the House to make such Amendments and Alterations upon the Propositions originally presented as appear to have a Tendency to correct, in some Degree, the ruinous Consequences with which they must have been attended, both to the Commercial and Landed Interest of these Kingdoms; at the same Time, the Propositions, as now amended, embrace Objects of so vast Magnitude, so nice Disquisition, and so essential Importance to the Prosperity of the whole Realm, that the Petitioners have not hitherto been able, in the short Time that has elapsed since the amended Propositions were made, to form a proper Judgment how far they ought to be adopted, and, as the Commercial Treaty to be framed on these Reso« Jutions will be for ever binding on both Kingdoms, so that no Alteration can be made thereon, the Petitioners are hopeful that full Time will be given to the Subjects of both Kingdoms to deliberate on and investigate this important Subject, and therefore that the final Adjustment of this Treaty will be postponed to the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

Imprison* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An mentby Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment of Conscience. debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court, and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers, or others, on Account of such Imprisonment; without any Amendment: And also,

Dtdley The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Canal. for extending the Dudley Canal to the Birmingham Canal, at or near Tiptan Green, in tha County of Stafford; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Paisley Two A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Pennies are theronnto subscribed. Inhabitants of or near to the

Town of Paisley, and affected by the Bill herein after complained of, for and in Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is depending in the House, for a Renewal of the Act which imposes a Duty of Two Pennies in the Pint of Ale and Beer within the Town of Paisley, and for authorizing the Magistrates and Town Council thereof to levy the said Impost, or Duty, of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, over and above the Duty of Excise paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be either brewed, brought into, tapped, or sold within the said Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, and a certain other District surrounding the same; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the establishing such a Duty of Two Pennies Scots on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer in Manner mentioned in the said Bill, is not only highly unjust, partial, and oppressive to them, and many other. Individuals, but also, extremely prejudicial to the Public Revenue; and, the Petitioners are of Opinion that these Impost Duties granted to several Towns, for limited Times, in this Part of the united Kingdom, are incompatible with its true Interests, and act in direct Opposition to a Reform in the National Revenues so necessary for the Prevention of Frauds, and Imposition of New or Additional Taxes upon the People of this Realm, and, it i3 an incontrovertible Fact, that the Duties of Excise upon Beer have decreased in the Proportion of One Half in almost every Town in Scotland\ where those Impost Duties have been established, and, by the Records of the City of Edinburgh, it is ascertained that the Quantities of Bejer, brewed in that City in the Year 1776, was only equal to Two Seventh Parts of the Quantities brewed, and for which Duties were paid in the Year 1724, although in the intermediate Space the Inhabitants of that City have very much increased in Number, which the Petitioners ascribe solely to the Existence of those Impost Duties in that City; and that the Petitioners likewise conceive, that the said Bill is not only unwise and impolitic in its Principle, but also partial, unjust, and oppressive in its Provisions and Operation, as, among others, it subjects all such of the Petitioners as are concerned in the Brewing Business to pay this Impost Tax for all they brew, whereas, in Equity and Justice, the Petitioners contend that, if they are to be subjected to this Tax, they ought only to be subjected to the Duty for what is sold and consumed within the Town; and upon these Grounds, and sundry others, which the Petitioners are ready to offer at the Bar of the House, they hope and trust the House will see sufficient Reason for rejecting this Bill altogether, or at least so to modify and explain it, as to make it less partial, burthensome, and intolerable, than it must be if passed in its present Form ': And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the above Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief therein, and in the several Matters and Tilings above complained of, as to the House may seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Paisley, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for improving the Navigation of the River Cart; and for other Purposes, is re-committed; and that the Petitioners’ be heard,

5 Geo. III.

2o° J

1089

Pilchard

Fisheries.

Elections-

County

Voters.

Supply Bill

Coach-

makers.

; Allowances . to Brewers, *, &c.

,i

t

20.

u'


by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

OrderedThat it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the Twenty-sixth Day of April last, was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the State of the Pilchard Fisheries, and to consider of the most effectual Means of securing and improving the same, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be again referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the ingrossed Bill for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections, be now read the Third Time.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeltofertbeN^;^,

So it w.as resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better securing the Rights of Voters at County Elections.

Ordered, That the Lord Mahon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

5 Mr. Gilberty according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilberty according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to declare that Brewers, selling Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask containing Four Gallons and a Half, shall not be entitled to any Allowance, out of the Duties of Excise, for Waste or Leakage, and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, aSd which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 40.

Mr. Gilberty according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Flasks, ferred to consider further of the Duties upon Flasks in wdiich Florence Wine and Oil is imported, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a limited Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Flour,

Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, be allowed to be exported, from the Port of Lancaster,«to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the same in Warehouses, at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof, be further continued, with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Drawback be allowed upon the Exportation of Snuff from this Kingdom.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, wrere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties upon Flasks in which Florerice Wine and Oil is imported, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill' pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, / and which have been agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Clerks in Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- of State ferred to consider of the Petition of the Clerks in the °

Offices of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Annual Sum of One Thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the principal Secretaries of State, to be distributed among the Clerks in their respective Offices, in Compensation for the Advantages which such Clerks enjoyed from their sending and receiving printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, free from the Duty of Postage, before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations concerning " the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets " by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland and that the said Sum be charged upon, and made payable out of, the Revenues arising , in the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Management the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Taxes, for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners 12 X of

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Duties on Bricks, &c.

-Supply.

iopo 20 JumA1785.

of Excise, and the Commissioners' of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughoutand then a Second Time, One by One; *and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have long laboured under great Inconveniences and frequent Losses from the unfair Practices of Hawkers and Pedlars, who generally sell some Articles at or under Prime Cost to delude the Unwary, while, on other Articles, they take exorbitant Profits; and that the Petitioners are subject to high Rents, to Parochial Offices, always troublesome, though necessary, and Parish Rates and Taxes unfelt by the Pedlar and Hawker, and the Petitioners frequently sustain considerable Losses from the Uncertainty of the Returns of Hawkers (who always carry off ready Cash, while the Shopkeeper is obliged to give long Credit) and, when the Petitioners have laid in an Assortment of Goods, which they have a Certainty of disposing of in a reasonable Time, and thereby flatter themselves with the Hope of making regular Returns, the Hawker comes in the Instant, and, by a pompous Advertisement, blasts their Hopes, and too often their Credit also; and, the Petitioners conceive the Revenue will not be much, if any Thing, injured by the Suppression of the Licences of Hawkers and Pedlars, nor even themselves injured, since they will continue to have the like Chance with the fair Trader whenever they shall be disposed to bear the like Burthens; and that the Petitioners, although already labouring under a Load of Taxes, chearfully submitted to the Tax on Retail Shops under, they trust, a well-grounded Hope that the Licences of Hawkers and Pedlars would be totally done away, and the Grievances aforestated removed; and that the Petitioners are alarmed at the Petitions presented to the House for the Continuance of the Licences of Hawkers and Pedlars, who, if suffered to continue travelling from Place to Place under the Protection of Law, will greatly injure the fair Trader, and render the Petitioners incapable of paying their Rents, the numerous Taxes, and supporting their Families: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and afford them such Relief, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and " Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying addi-ic tional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into " the same," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of Henry Phillipsi of Knightsbridge, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made,. That the Statement of the Reports made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by the Commissioners appointed for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House to make some Provision to the American Loyalists for their Losses and Services during the late War.

Ordered, That the said Statement be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. *

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the SupplyBiD, Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- GameCer-jesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Ma- tificatc3,

" jesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with " respect to the killing of Game," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain " Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the " killing of Game," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, McaBS-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert^ook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the Hotase, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

5 Resolved,

35 Geo. III. 3o° — 3:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Anther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Ordered,\ That the Report from the Committee of

Post Horaw. the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Poet, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Glove Tax. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves, or Mittens, by Retail; and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold under such Licences.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

MartiSj 21* die Junii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785.

Praters.

Kilnwick A N ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure. jfjL Open Arable Fields, Ings, or Pasture Grounds* and Common, within the Township of Kiltrwick, in the Parish of Kihrwick, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do phss: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, or Pasture Grounds and Common, within the Township of Kilmvick, in the Parish of Kilmvick, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Tuylor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Borrett'* The Lord Apsley reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Fee Farm Rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett, Esquire, and Marthfl his Wife, in the County of Bedford, comprized in a Settlement made upon their Marriage, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; and for vesting other Parts of their settled Estates, situate in the County of Kent, for the separate Use of the said Martha Borrett, and to other Uses, the same as in the former Settlements thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Apsley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Schrieber’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. to enable John Schrieber, Esquire, and the Heirs of his

Vol. 40.

r° Junii. 1091

Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of L(itewardy was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers in Kendal, in the Hawkers County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and Pedlars, and read; Setting forth, That the Tax imposed on Shops, added to the great Weight of Parochial Taxes, will fall very heavy upon their Trade, against which the Petitioners were flattered that the several Acts for granting Licences to Hawkers were to be repealed, to enable them to pay such Tax; and, the Petitioners are satisfied ho public Inconvenience can arise from suppressing such Licences, as the remote Places might and would be supplied with Goods by the Retail Shops now established in all Parts of the Country, and where many more would be opened, if Goods were not introduced by the Hawkers; and that the Petitioners do now, and always have, sold the Goods manufactured in Great Britain upon more reasonable Terms than the Hawkers and Pedlars ever have or can do; and, if the Hawkers and Pedlars were suppressed, they would not necessarily be reduced to Indigence, Misery, and Inaction, as they have an equal Right, with their Fellovv-Subjects, of opening Shops, and following a fair and open Trade, and they would thereby become more useful Members of Society; and that, if the Hawkers and Pedlars were prohibited, a great many more Shops, would be opened, the Inland Trade guarded against Smuggling, and the Revenues of the Kingdom greatly enlarged and secured: And therefore praying, That the several Acts of Parliament for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars may be repealed, and a prohibitory Act passed, to prevent itinerant Traders from carrying on their Traffic, so prejudicial to the fair resident Tradesman.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Wholesale Traders, and Inhabitants of Kendalin the County of Westmoreland\ was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with Concern, seen by the Votes, an Opposition made to the intended Bill for suppressing Hawkers and Pedlars, as they conceive the Trade of Hawking has been, and is, a Means of conveying and selling prohibited Goods, to the great Injury of the Revenue, and the fair Trader; and that by the Means of itinerant Dealers, stolen Goods are frequently disposed of, and, if Hawking was suppressed, the same Quantity of Goods, the Produce of the Manufactories of this Country, would still be sold that ever has been, and such Suppression would not eventually injure the Trade and Manufacture of this Kingdom, but would greatly increase the Revenue, and shut a great Avenue against Smuggling: And therefore praying, That an Act may be passed for repealing the several Acts of Parliament for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars.

A Petition of the several Tradesmen, Shopkeepers within the Town of Dover, in the County of Kent, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners having long experienced the Injuries derived from licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and finding that the Tax on Shops hath passed the Royal Assent, and that the Chancellor of the Exchequer hath since moved the House that certain additional Duties may be laid on Hawkers and Pedlars, and that another Set of Persons, not exactly of that Description, but who, instead of travelling with Parcels and Bundles, usually take Rooms, and hold temporary Auctions in various Towns, Cities, and Corporations, are equally Objects of Taxation, the Propriety of which the Petitioners are well

convinced!

Googh

Turpentine

Manufactory.

Duke of Northumberland’s Estate.

Clapham Lighting and Watching.

Lambeth

Waterworks.

1092

ai° Junii. A. 1785.

convinced, but they beg leave to remark, that nothing less than a Repeal of the several Acts for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars will relieve the Retail Shopkeepers in this Kingdom: and the Petitioners also beg Leave to remark, that there are a certain Species of Tradesmen who pretend to be the Manufacturers of Goods which they sell by Retail in Corporate Towns, but who are not so in general, and being encouraged under that Pretence, are equally injurious to Shopkeepers within Towns, Cities, and Corporations: And therefore praying the serious Attention of the House, whereby to relieve the great Oppression under which the Petitioners labour, both in respect to Hawkers and Pedlars, Temporary Auctions, and also Manufacturers of Goods brought into Corporate Towns, and there sold by Retail as above stated.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Edward Webster, Esquire, Proprietor of the Manufactory of Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, in Potters Fields, within the Parish of Saint John, Ho?'-scy Down, in the Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented to the House, stating, that a Fire having lately happened in or near his said Manufactory, it is expedient to remove the same for the Purpose of securing the Houses, and other Buildings, in the Vicinity thereof from similar Accidents in future; and that the Petitioner is willing to remove his said Manufactory, provided an adequate Compensation be given him for so doing: And therefore praying, That, in case it should be deemed requisite, for the Security of the Neighbourhood, and the Benefit of the Public, that his Manufactory at the Place above-mentioned should be discontinued, a reasonable Satisfaction may be made to him for removing the same, and that he may be permitted to state to the House the Loss and Damage he must sustain by such Removal.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Thornton, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfoi'd and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard\ in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto, and also of certain Ground contiguous to Tin-mouth Castle, in the County of Northumberland, belonging to the Duke of Northumberland, or for such further or other Compensation as shall be a full Consideration for the same, and also to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for lighting and watching the Village of Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, with Water; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-, ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied as a Payment for present Relief, and upon Account, to such Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, as have given satisfactory Proofs of their Losses to the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An tc Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into " the Looses and Services of all such Persons who " have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissections in " America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government," to be distributed and paid under the Direction of the said Commissioners, in a Proportion not exceeding Forty Pounds per Centum, to such of the said Persons as bore Arms, or rendered Services in America, and in a Proportion not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Centum to such others of the said Persons as were resident in America during the War.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. Henry Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the Destruction of Insects.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the First of the said Resolutions be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolutions were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- MeaDS' ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, upon Linens, wholly made of Hemp or Flaxi to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of or mixed with Cotton, not printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Penny Halfpenny for every Yard Square, be laid upon all Linens to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, (except such Linens as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only) which shall be of greater Value than Sixteen Pence, and not of greater Value than Two Shillings and Six Pence, the Yard in Length, at the Ready Money Price either in London, or the nearest Market Town to the Place where the same shall be presented to the Excise Officer to be measured, and taken an Account of, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, f That an additional Duty of Three Pence for every Yard

5 Geo. III. £i°

Yard Square be laid upon all Linens to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value thah Two Shillings and Six Pence by the Yard in Length, at the Ready Money Price, either at London, or the nearest Market Town to the Place where the same shall be presented to the Excise Officer to be taken an Account of, before they are printed, stained, painted, t>r dyed.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pence for every Yard Square be laid upon all Stuffs, made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than Twenty Pence, and not of greater Value than Three Shillings, by the Yard Square, at the Ready Money Price, at London, or at the nearest Market Town to the Place where the same shall be presented to the Excise Officer to be taken an Account of, before they are printed, stained, paimed, or dyed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Four Pence for every Square Yard be laid upon all Stuffs, made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, and Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called B?'itish Manufactory, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than Three Shillings by the Yard Square, at the Ready Money Price, either at London, or at the nearest Market Town to the Place where the same shall be presented to the Excise Officer to be taken an Account of, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Two Pence for every Yard Square be laid upon all Muslins made in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than Twenty Pence, and not of greater Value than Three Shillings, by the Yard Square, at the Ready Money Price, either at London, or at the nearest Market Town to the Place where the same shall be presented to the Excise Officer to be taken an Account of, before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed.

Resolved That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Four Pence by the Yard Square be laid upon all Muslins made in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than Three Shillings by the Yard Square, at the Ready Money Price, either at Londont or at the nearest Market Town to the Place where the same shall be presented to the Excise Officer to be taken an Account oi) before they are printed, stained, painted, or dyed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny Halfpenny by the Square Yard, whatever the Price of the same may be, be laid upon all Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other Figured Stuffs, made of Cotton and other Materials, mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except as before excepted.)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Eight Pence by the Yard Square be laid upon all Foreign Muslins (except those Muslins which are commonly called and known by the Name of Cossae Muslins) to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except as before excepted.)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of One Penny Halfpenny > Vox. 40.

Junii. 1093

by the Yard Square be laid upon &\\ Linens printed; Ways a painted, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts, imported Mean8, into Great Britain (except such Linens, as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and except also such Linens as are prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain) which shall be of greater Value than Sixteen Pence, and not of greater Valoe'thaii Two Shillings and Six Pence the Yard in Length.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Three Pence by the Yard Square be laid upon all Linens printed, painted, stained; or dyed in Foreign Parts, imported into Great Britain (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than Two Shillings and Six Pence by the Yard in Length.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Two Pence by the Yard Square be laid upon all Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials, mixed, and all Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts, imported into Great Britain (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than Twenty Pence, and not of greater Value than Three Shillings by the Yard Square.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Four Pence by the Yard Square be laid upon all Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials, mixed, and all Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts, <

imported into Great Britain (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than Three Shillings by the Yard Square.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Two Pence by the Yard Square be laid upon all Muslins which are commonly called and known by the Name of Cossae Muslins, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts, imported into Great Britain (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than Twenty Pence, and not of greater Vdue than Three Shillings by the Yard Square.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Four Pence by the Yard Square be laid upon all Muslins which are commonly called and known by the Name of Cossae Muslins, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts* imported into Great Britain (except as before excepted) which shall be of greater Value than Three Shillings by the Yard Square.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of Eight Pence by the Yard Square be laid upon all other Muslins (not being what are commonly called and known by the Name of Cossae Muslins) printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts, imported into Great Britain (except as before excepted.)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an additional Duty of One Penny Halfpenny by the Yard Square be laid upon all Fustians, Velvets,

Velverets, Dimities, and other Figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials, mixed, or made wholly of Cotton Wool, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Foreign Parts, imported into Great Britain (except as before excepted.)

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said additional Duties shall also be subject and liable to the additional Duties of Five Pounds per Centum, Five Pounds pen' Centum, and of Five Pounds per Centum, laid by Three Acts of the Nineteenth, Twenty-first,- and Twenty-second Years of His Majesty's Reign, for granting additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective- Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Laws now in being, which allow the using

12 y of.

Ways Imd Means.

Order discharged respecting Duties on Cottons.

Duties on Tobacco.

1094 21 Junii. A. 1785.

of Foul Salt for the Manuring of Land only, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Foul Salt be subject and liable to the like Duty as any English White Salt is now subject and liable to.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Ten Shillings per Hundred Weight be allowed upon the Exportation of all Salts, known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, produced at any Salt Works in Great Britain, and upon which the Duty charged thereupon shall have been paid.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First Eighteen of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 10th Day of May last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Wrays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Three last of the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for regulating the Exportation of* Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from The Isle of Man, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 5th Day of May last, " That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to " prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend " an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties on Linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in f‘ Great Britain, and for granting certain Duties on u Cotton Stuffs, bleached or dyed in Great Britain, " and on Licences for bleaching or dying the same, " and upon the Importation of Stuffs made of, or " mixed with, Cotton, not painted, printed, stained, " or dyed in Foreign Parts, and to repeal so much " thereof as imposes Duties on, Cotton Stuffs, made of " Cotton and Linen mixed, and Stuffs wholly made " of Cotton Wool, not being printed, painted, or " stained, and on Licences for bleaching or dying; " That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant " to the Resolutions which were that Day reported " from the Committee of the whole House, to whom " it was referred to consider further of Ways and 4‘ Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Tobacco, and of a better Mode of collecting the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That be was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the £ol,saDdK Duration of Polls and Scrutinies in the Election ofbcnmci" Members to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {J£g££} *

Tellers for the Noes, } »

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Me of der, a Bill for settling an Annuity of Nine thousand Glouceste'i Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, Aunal^ in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum in Barbadoes and The Leeward Islands: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Duti*oi der, a Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which fhsb. Florence WTine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Plate Gibing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Manuk® House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth \ ear of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act toincorporate certain Persons therein named, and their " Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of " establishing one or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more " effectually supporting and conducting the same upon " an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, ealeu- [ lated for the casting of large Plate Glass;" for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company shall be charged.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of SuppkEi; the whole House, to whpm the Bill for repealing the PoA<v Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire-for Travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties 9 in

5 Geo. III.

2 1° —

Junii.

1095

in lieu thereof, and also Additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill 5 Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Glove Tax. fog, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves, or Mittens, by Retail; and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold under such Licences.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22* die Junii;

Anno 25* Georgii III. Regis, 1785. Prayers.

AP E T I TIO N of the Retail Shopkeepers residing within the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill having lately passed both Houses of Parliament, and received the Royal Assent, for imposing and levying a Tax on all Retail Shops within the Kingdom of Great Britain, whereby the Petitioners will be greatly affected and oppressed (the said Tax operating partially on the Petitioners, as they conceive) unless the several Acts of Parliament, now in being, in Favour of the Hawkers and Pedlars within this Kingdom, be repealed, such Itinerants being inimical to the resident Traders, who are obliged to pay large Rents for their Shops, and are already most heavily burthened with Parochial and other Taxes: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and repeal the said Act for imposing and levying the aforesaid Shop Tax, or otherwise grant them Relief, by repealing and abolishing the several Acts of Parliament made, as aforesaid, in Favour of the Hawkers and Pedlars, who are so injurious to the fair Trader.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Shop Tax, andllawkers, &c.

Banbury

Road.

Aylesbury

Roads.

New Sarum

Council

Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term, and explain and amend the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing and widening the Road from the Tum-u pike Road in Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Daventry and Cottesbach, to the South End " of Mill Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the " County of Leicesterwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Postcomb and Tetsworth, in the said County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

and regulating the Chairmen within the said City; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Shoreditch Act for amending Two Acts, of the Eighth and Six- Streets, teenth Years of His present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and such Part of Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew#

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Supply Bill; further Consideration the Report from the Committee Poat Horses, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also Additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Duties ob. Culm, and Cinders, was read a Second Time. Coals.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Glove Tax. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves, or Mittens, by Retail; and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold under such Licences, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of " the Trade and Manufacture of Leather Gloves and " Mitts in this Kingdom," to Leather cut into Shapes for Gloves and Mitts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Duties on ing, resolve itself into a Comntittee of the whole Plate Glass.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Removal and Re-building of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of NeuA House, to consider of a Drawback to be allowed of the Sarum, and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, Duties on Plate Glass of a certain Size.

Vox.. 40. A Petition

by

Go

African

Company.

Ways an<l Means.

Duties on Tobacco.

IO96

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted in the Year 1783, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for extending and improving the Trade to " Africa" and that they have invested the Money granted in 1784 for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the said Forts and Settlements were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition by the Royal African Company, and the Sums Annually granted by Parliament for their Support and Maintenance being nearly expended in the Civil and Military Establishments, and in the necessary Contingent Charges, there remained little or nothing for the Purpose of Repairs; and that the Petitioners, by Advices from Africa, find that a very considerable Expence has been incurred by the Hostilities on that Coast between the Subjects of this Country and of the States General of the United Provinces, for which no Provision has been made, but, not having received a compleat Account of the said Expenditure, they cannot at present ascertain the exact Amount thereof, or the Debt now due to the several Officers and Servants of the Petitioners, for Want of the general Books to the End of the Year 1784: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for extending and improving the British Trade to Africa, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Sum as may be necessary for the effectual Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements in Africa, for the Payment of the Debt abovementioned, and likewise such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the 'Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. (Gilbert also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Tobacco, and of a better Mode of collecting the same, That he was directed by the Couii raittee to move the House, that Leave be given to

Junii. A. 1784.

bring in a Bill for better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given- to bring id a Bill, for better* securing the Duties payable bn Tobacco:

And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mt. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Mouse sappty to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of this House the making such Compensation to the said Commissioners, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Compensation to be made to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said' Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretaries of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, which have not been made good by Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to inspect the Progress made by Mr. Cunningham, one of the Persons appointed to make a General Index to the Journals of this House, and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Matter mentioned in the said Report, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved,

Googh

.15 Geo. IIL 22" — 23°Junii. 1097

Resolved, That this House will*. upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Duke of A bill for settling an Annuity of Nine thousand Gloucester'® Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, Annuity. in jjeu of jj^ Annuity, payable out of the Duties of pour and One Half per Centum in Barbadoes and Hie Leeward Islands, was read a Second Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

American The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

Woods and Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

iav to)es* George the Second, intituled, "An Act for better Preservation of His Majesty's Woods in America, and " for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval " Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprights, from that a Part of Great Britain called Scotland," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Pilchard The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Fisheries* whole House, to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the State of the Pilchard Fisheries, and to consider of the most effectual Means of securing and improving the same.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 23° die Junii;

Anno 25* Georgii IirH Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

Pilchard A BILL for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery. JT.L Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon

Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Pilchard Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported

fisheries. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to

Vol. 40.

enquire into the State of the Pilchard Fisheries, and to consider of the most effectual Means of securing and improving the same, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Additional Bounty of Two Shillings be allowed for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons, and so in Proportion for* a greater or lesser Quantity thereof, taken and exported between the 24th Day of June 1785 and the 24th Day of June 1766.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards takfn, cured, and exported, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, All Christ-Act for re-building the Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol, mt0 " and for widening the Streets adjacent thereto; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, Turpentine to whom the Petition of Edward Webster, Esquire, Manufactory. Proprietor of the Manufactory of Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, in Potters Fields, within the Parish of Saint John, Horsey Dozen, in the Borough of Southwark, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli* yered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folloVveth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Webster informed your Committee, That he is willing to remove his Manufactory to another Place, provided a reasonable Compensation is made to him for the Expence he must sustain in so doing. Then,

Jacob Lerouw, Esquire, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That he had made an Estimate of the Expence of building such a Manufactory as is now standing upon Mr. Webster s Premisses — And he produced the said Estimate, by which it appeared, that if the Building contains the Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar Manufactory together, the Expence will be £.3,600, besides a further Sum of £. 780, for Utensils, and for a Cone over the Building, and also for paving Gangways, and other Parts, similar to the present, making together the Sum of £.4,380.

It also appeared by the said Estimate, that if the Building was to contain the Pitch and Tar Manufactory only, the Expence w'ould amount to £, 2,470 in the Whole.

And the Witness being asked, What would be the Expence of removing the Turpentine Manufactory alone ? he said, It will make a Difference of near £. 400, if it should be built separate from the other Works; in w;hich Case the Estimate would amount to £.2,300 on Account of the additional Walling, and an 1

additional House.

And being asked, What Deductions were to be made from the Sums in his Estimate? he said, One Fifth Part of the Whole, by Way of Abatement for 12 Z Repairs,

G

Supply Bill Suit.

1098 33* Junii. A. 1785.

Repairs, and the Length of Time the Building Part will last beyond Mr. Webster's I^ease, of which Twenty-seven Years are unexpired. Then,

Mr. Samuel Robinson, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That be had made an Estimate of the Expence of building a Pitch and Tar Manufactory, and also a Manufactory for Turpentine; — That the Pitch and Tar Manufactory will cost £ 1,975. — And if the Turpentine Works are also removed and re-built, in Addition to those for Pitch and Tar, the Expence will be £ 1,275 more, making together the Sum of £3>25°i but that if the Turpentine Manufactory was to be removed alone, the Expence would amount to £ 2,500.

And the Witness further said, That he made those Estimates upon a Calculation that the Buildings would last 27 Years, and therefore no Deductions were to be made therefrom; but that he thinks the new Buildings will be in a better Condition at the End of 27 Years than the old Buildings, if repaired, would be.

And being asked, What would be the Expence of repairing the present Buildings? he said, About £1,200; — £800 of which Mr. Webster will receive from the Insurance Office.

And Mr. Webster informed your Committee, That if his Two Manufactories were to be separated, it would cost him £. 50 a Year for additional Clerks. Then

Mr. John Crutchfield, a Turpentine Distiller and Colourman, was asked, What would be the Difference of Expence of carrying on Mr. Webster's Business if his Manufactory was removed to the Water Side at some distant Place ? he answered, That if the Ware-houses were not to be removed, or if the Manufactory should be distant from the River, there would be an additional Charge for Carriage, &c. of Six Pence a Barrel, which, on 5,000 Barrels, would amount to £125 a Year, which he judges of from the Situation of his own Warehouse in Caswell Street. And,

Mr. Francis Henry Shepherd, a Pitch and Turpentine Distiller in Sun Tavern Fields, being called, was asked, What would be the Difference of Expence upon 5,000 Barrels of Tar and Turpentine per Annum, in carrying on a Manufacture at a Distance from the River ? he said, That it cost him about £100 a Year for Wharfage; and if he were to pay for Cartage, and did not keep his own Horses, it would amount to £ 75 more — And he added, That his Manufactory cost him £.3,000 building, including Two Dwelling Houses, and, with the Expence of Utensils, it amounted to £.5,000. Then

Mr. Richard Davis, Owner of certain Hemp Warehouses adjoining to Mr. Webster's Premisses, being examined, said, That the Removal of the said Manufactory will not only be of great Advantage to the Neighbourhood, but would also tend to the Security of Government Stores, of which he has always had from 10 to £.50,000 Worth deposited in his Warehouses at a Time, during the last 5 or 6 Years. And,

Mr. James Brownley, a Storekeeper to the Victualling Office, being called, confirmed Mr. Davis's Evidence; and added, That those Warehouses are more convenient, both from their Situation and Extent, for the Purpose of depositing Government Stores, than any other Place adjoining the River.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie. upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reducing the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts, for restraining Fish

Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from The Isle of Man, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w'as referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, for their Diligence, Accuracy, and Ability in the Execution of the Trust reposed in them by Parliament; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Fee or other Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sevten thousand and Sixty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Two hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good to His Majesty the like Sum, which has been paid to the Secretaries of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, and to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Five hundred Seventy-eight Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum, which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Mr. Timothy Cunning-heme, as a final Compensation for his Pains, Trouble, and Expence, in having compiled a General Index to the Journals of the House of Commons from 1547 to 1660.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 12 That.

Googh

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Supply.

Ways an Means.

25 Geo. III. 230 JttniLaopp

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Six hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Fifty thousand Tickets, at Thirteen Pounds each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 27th Day of this Instant June, make a Deposit, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Six Shillings in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments, to the said Cashiers, on or before the Times herein after limited, that is to say, for and in respect of every such Ticket, One Pound Nineteen Shillings, on or before the 25th Day of July next; One Pound Six Shillings, on or before the 26th Day of August next; One Pound Six Shillings, on or before the 2fith Day of September next; One Pound Nineteen Shillings, on or before the 27th Day of October next; One Pound Nineteen Shillings, on or before the 28th Day of November' next; One Pound Six Shillings, on or before the 15th Day of December next; and One Pound Nineteen Shillings, on or before the gth Day of January 1786; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so compleating their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year 1785, and be paid at the Sank England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on, or* at any Time after, the 1st Day of June 1786, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second 'Kme, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon ’the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Estimate of the Sums wanted for the Service of the Year 1785, at Somerset Place, towards Payment of the Arrears due to different Tradesmen, till the present Time, and to carry on the necessary Works at the new Offices erecting the re during the Remainder of the Year.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the Sums wanted for the Service of the Year 1785, at Somerset Place, - to<l#ds Payment of the Arrears due to different Tradesmen, till the present Time, and to carry on the necessary Works at the New Offices erecting the re, during the Remainder of the Year; viz*.

Wanted to pay the Arrears dise, exclusive of what remains of the Sums voted for the Service of the preceding Years - -

Wanted towards Payment of the remaining interior Finishings and Fittings-up of the Navy, the Stamp, and Salt Offices; and towards compleating the Navy Pay, the Victualling, the Sick and Hurt Offices, and also those of the Auditors of Imprests, the Pipe, the Treasurers Remembrancer, the Surveyor of Crown Lands, and Duchies 4)f Lancaster and Cornwall, and towards carrying on sundry other Works begun -

Total - - £

£ s. d.

13,580 12 8

1L419 7 4

25,000-----

Somerset Place, June 23d, 1785.

William Chambers.

Duke of Gloucester's mmity.

OrderedThat the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for settling an Annuity of Nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity, payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum in Barbadoes and The Leeward Islands, be now read.

Vol. 40.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Somerset

House.

Ordered,

IloO

st 30 — $4* y^/V.

A. 1785.

Ordered\ Thfct the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Biilf Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Olove Tax. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves, or Mittens, by Retail; and also, certain Duties on Gloves end Mittens sold under such Licences, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re-

fjrt to the House; and he read the Report in his lace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

American Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House JVcKHb-d to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, ava Stores. tQ oo^y^ of an Act, niade in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for better Preservation of His Majesty’s Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from " thence, and to encourage the Importation of Masts, " Yards, and Bowsprights, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandbe now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

/ . Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Duties on The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tea and last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for re-

ouses. T< peajing the several Duties on. Tea, and for grant-

ing to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; " and also, several Duties on Inhabited Houses, and " upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; " and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duty on Tea imposed by the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Removal of Tea in small Quantities.

Duties 0* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Coals, &c. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bilt for granting to His Majesty takers certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by

Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting* to His Majesty cer- Supply tain Stamp Duties on Licences to be taken out by few* Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty 'certain Stamp Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Duties on Male Supply BiH; Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and MaleS*r* Female Servants, was read the Third Time. vaDts

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Premia for the further Prevention of Crimes, and for the more speedy Detection and Punishment of Offenders against the Peace, in the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and certain. Parts adjacent to them: And that Mr. Solicitor General and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Duties^ ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, pbuGai to consider of a Drawback to be allowed of the Duties on Plate Glass of a certain Size.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 24° die Junii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

JO E SO LV ED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjom-of the House this Day, adjourn till Mondayment* Morning next.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from Taxtsa the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,;

An Account of the Annual Net Produce, from the 5th of April 1775 to the 5th of April 1785, of the several Taxes now subsisting which were granted previous to the 5th Day of January 1776; distinguishing each Year, together with the Totals; and stating also the Average Produce of each Tax; and of the Totals.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered,

55 Geo. III. 540 Junii. 1101

Ordered, That the said Account'do He upon the in the County of Deoon, complaining of an undue Table, to be perused by the Members of the Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken House. into Consideration upon Saturday the 8th Day of

The said Account is preserved amongst the other October next, at Three of the Clock in the After-Papers of this Session. noon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Augustus Set-The House was moved, That the several Orders, wyn, Esquire, complaining of an'undue Election and appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the Return for the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan, several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Lochmabcn, and Kirkcudbright, be taken into Conside-Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the ration upon Monday the 10th Day of October next, at District of Boroughs of Queensferry, Stirling, Inner- Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. keishing, Dunfermline, and Culross; for the Borough of Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for the whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freemen of District of Boroughs of Haddington, Dunbar, North the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster,

Bewick, Lauder, and Jedburgh; for the Borough of complaining of an undue Election and Return for the

Hindon, in the County of Wilts; for the County of said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday

I1ft; for the City and County of the City of Bristol; the nth Day of October next, at Three of the Clock for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon; in the Afternoon.

for the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan, Loch- Ordered, That the Petition of George Johnstone, Es-toiaben, and Kirkcudbright; for the Borough of Liver- quire; and also, the Petition of Samuel Smith, Esquire, pool, in the County of Lancaster; for the Borough of John Pearson, Clerk, Edward Williams, Gentleman,

llchester, in the County of Somerset; for the City of John Fudge, Senior, George Harvey, and George

Westminster; and for the Town and Port of Seaford, in Brooks, Electors of the Borough of Ilchester, in the the County of Sussex, might be read. County of Somerset, on Behalf of themselves and others,

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining the same were, on the Question being severally put of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, thereupon, ordered to be discharged. be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 12th

Ordered, That the Petition of Colonel James Francis Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in the Erskine, of Forrest, complaining of an uhdue Elec- Afternoon.

tion and Return for the District of Boroughs of Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, Queensfeny, Stirling, Inncrkeithing, Dunfermline, and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Culross, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday the City of Westminster, on Behalf *of themselves, and the 1st Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in several Thousand others, Electors for the said City; the Afternoon. and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Free- selves, and many Thousand other Electors of the men of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Pa- City and Liberty of Westminster; and also, the Peti-latine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for tion of the several Persons, whose Names are there-Members to sefve in Parliament for the said Borough; unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and many, and also, the Petition of John Lorwther, Esquire, seve- Thousand other Electors of the City and Liberty of rally complaining of an undue Election and Return for Westminster, severally complaining of an undue Elec-the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon tion and Return for the said City and Liberty, be4 Monday the 3d Day of October next, at Three of the taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 13th Day Clock in the Afternoon. . of October' next, at Three of the Clock in the a£

Ordered, That the Petition of George Johnstone,* temoon. {

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster,

District of Boroughs of Haddington, Dunbar, North ' Baronet, and Thomas Alves, Esquire; and also, the Berwick, Lauder, and Jedburgh, be taken into Con- Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there-sideration upon Tuesday the 4th Day of October next, unto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port of at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and also, the Peti-

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons* tion of Henry Flood, Esquire, and Lawrence Parsons, whose Hands and Names are thereunto subscribed, Esquire; and aso, the Petition of Samuel Lower,

Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the John Howell, John Towner, Thomas Bean, William Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf Hasting, James Woolgar, and John Woolgar, on Behalf of themselves and other Voters in the said Borough, of themselves and others, Inhabitants and Electors, of complaining of an undue Election and Return for the the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Wed- having a Right to vote for Barons to serve in Parlia-nesday the 5th Day of October next, at Three of the mentfor the said Town and Port, severally complain-Clock in the Afternoon. ing of an undue Election and Return for the said Town

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir John Henderson, and Port, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return 14th Day of October next, at Three of the Clock in the for the County of Fife, be taken into Consideration Afternoon, upon Thui%sday the 6th Day of October next, at Three

of the Clock in the Afternoon. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Daubeny, Es- Anguish: quire; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Mr. Speaker,

Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Kilnwick selves and others, being legal Electors of Members to Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Inclosurt. serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City Ings, or Pasture Grounds, and Common, within the of Bristol, severally complaining of an undue Election Township of Kilnwick, in the Parish of Kilmvick, in and Return for the said City, be taken into Considera- the East Riding of the County of York; without any tion upon Friday the 7th Day of October next, at Three Amendment

of the Clock in the Afternoon. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Mem- The Marquis of Graham, according to Order, re-d. of Glou-

bers to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, ported from the Committee of the whole House, to cester’s Vox.. 40. 13 A whom

iter2 34* J

whom the Bill for settling an Annuity t>T Nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity payable otit of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum in Barba-'does and The Leeward Islands, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be fngrossed.

Duties on Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Coats. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrossed.

Duties on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Tea and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Houses. fa consider of the Duty on Tea imposed by an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties oh Tea, and for " granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; " and also, several Duties on Inhabited Houses, and " upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and " for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon,’’ be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

’Duties on A Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Flo-Flask*. rence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

American Mr Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Wood* and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-Naval Stores. ferre(j to consider of an Act, made in the Second

futtii. A 17 £5.

Year of the Relgh of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, intituled, "An Act for better Preservation of €t His Majesty’s Woods in America, and for the' En* u couragement of the Importation of'Naval Stores from " thence, and to encourage the Importation of Masts,

*c Yards, and Bowsprights, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; arid afterwards delivered in at the CletkY Table: Where the same wasiead; and is as followeth, viz.

Resolved, That it the Opinion of this Committee That it is expedient that an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for better Preservation of His Majesty’s Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from tHence, and’to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ be revived, with respect to Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, imported* into this Kingdom from Florida.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole Hoiisef, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for* private Use; to revive, continue, and amend, so iriuch of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty; as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies m America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause pursuant to the said Resolution.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " granting Additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown " Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead " exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the " Seas; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power4 to receive a Clause tp explain the said Act, so far as the same relates to the Bounty allowed on the Exportation of Gauzes made of Silk mixed with Cotton or Incle, or with any other Materials.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Remains a Account of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of Exchequer, the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Pilckd to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Lemon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

4k

25 Geo. III. 24°- 2 70 1105

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sipply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums wanted for the Service of the Year 1785 at Somerset Place, towards Payment of the Arrears due to different Tradesmen till the present Time, and to carry on the necessary Works at the new Offices erecting the re during the Remainder of the Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Houses and Estates in Potters Reids, within the Parish of Saint John, Horsey Down, and Borough of Southwark, was referred, be referred to the said-Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Webster, Esquire, Proprietor of the Manufactory of Turpentine, Pitch, and Tar, in Potter's Fields, within the Parish of Saint John, Horsey Down, in the Borough of Southwark, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they-had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday-Morning next.

*IjWpCrs A Petition of several Persons, Wholesale Dealers

40 Pedlars. of t[ie Qty of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners presented a Petition to the House, praying that the Hawkers and Pedlars might not be abolished, as they constitute the best Part of the Petitioners Customers,-and as the Petitioners conceive them to be highly useful in the Sale of the Manufactures of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in to restrain the said Hawkers and Pedlars from vending their Merchandize in Corporate and Market Towns, and imposing divers other Restrictions upon them in the Exercise of their Trade, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will prove highly detrimental to the Business of the Petitioners, and injurious to the State: And therefore praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as impose upon the said Hawkers and Pedlars the said Restrictions.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Vol. 40.

to exempt Carriages carrying the Mail from paying MailExemp-Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain: And £°"from that Mr. Rose and Mr. Stdele do prepare, and bring in, 0 the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-, Supply Bill; der, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed*, in Great Britain, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Yelverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained* painted, or dyed in Foreign Parts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Plate Glass ing^next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Manufacture, House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing;-Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to in-;

" corporate certain Persons therein named, and their " Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of!

" establishing one or more Glass Manufactories with-Cc in the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more " effectually supporting and conducting the same " upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, cal-c< culated for the casting of large Plate Glass;’1 for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass, cast by the said Companyr shall be charged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means.

House, to consider further of Ways and Means fort raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^ute GIuss* House*- to consider of a Drawback to be allowed of the Duties on Plate Glass of a certain Size.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Dunce, 27* die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785.

Prayers/

THE House being informed that Mr. Ilughson, Remains in, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he Exchequer, was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, . pursuant to their Order,

An Account of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followed!; viz.

To

> by Go

1104

A-

if Jtmii.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of such Monies as remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition

of Parliament.

Duty on Gum Senega, A* 1765 - - - - *

Sugars, before 29th September 1764 -

D°, since D° ——

Melasses, &c. since 1st November 1766 -

Apples imported -

Coffee, A* 1784 -

Verdigrease, since 24th June 1781 - -

Paper, Glass, &c. since 20th November 1767 - -

Cambricks and Sugars, A* 1766 -

Lottery Licences, A01784 -

Subsidy on Rice exported, which was imported Duty-free -

Money paid by Lord Mountstuart, late Envoy at Turin, on Account of the Sale of Two Ships, The Minorca and St George - -

D* - - by George Cherry, Agent for the Sale of Military Provisions sent from the West Indies ——

D* - - by John M'namara Hayes, Surgeon to His Majesty’s Hospitals in America -

S* - - by Robert Mackenzie, late Agent and Paymaster for the Army in America

- - by John Goldfrap,late Secretary to Major General Grant, Governor in the West Indies ——

D* - - by Thomas Harley, Esquire, being Money remaining in his Hands, for supplying the Garrison of Minorca with Provisions - -

D* - - by Sir George Cornwall, Executor of John Amyand, Esquire -D* - - by Major General Meadows -

D° - - by Lady Greenwich, Executrix of the late Right honourable

Paymaster of the Forces -

D* - - by Thomas Rumsey, Esquire, Executor of John Richardson, late Agent for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital -

D* - - by William Molleson, Esquire ——

D* - - by Richard Rigby, Esquire, late Paymaster of the Forces -

D* - - by Martin Pierrepoint, late Agent to the Inspector General of the Regimental Infirmaries in the West Indies -

D* - - by Colonel Henry For, Administrator of Lord Holland, late Paymaster of the Forces - -

D* - - by Francis Baring, Esquire, being Money arisen from the Sale of Military Provisions ——

D* - - by Major General Samuel Townshend -

D* - - by Mark Gregory, John Turnbull, and George Gregory, being Money remaining in their Hands, on Account of Rugs and Candles -

D* - - by Thomas Ashton Coffin and James Wilkinson, Executors of Darnel Wier, late Commissary General in, America - -

D* - - by the Hon. Thomas Gage, late Commander in Chief in America -

D* - - by Philip Deare, Executor of John Powell, Esquire, upon Account of Invalid Balances -

Balance remaining of the Sum of £ 16,364. io$. 5 granted out of the Aids A* 1782, for Compensations to the Proprietors of Lands, &c. at Plymouth, whereof £ 2,754. 6 s. 10 hath been paid for that Purpose, upon the Requisition of the Master General and Board of Ordnance, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, as the Whole of the Money wanted for that Service - - - - t - -

£ s. d.

195 19 5 154 14 L087 6 1 78o 16 10

it 5-3,232 2 6 2,028 8 3 6 16 6 i>349 17 9

1,000 -

37 19 — p

81 9

9,176 14 — 853 18 t 15,970 10 — .

940 -

2,262 16 2

2.000 -

3,200-----

5.000 -

1.000 -

44i 17 6

59,205 9 $

85 16 if

40.000 -

50.000 -

900-----

3,644 19 5

15.000 -

1,322 8 1

4,347 6 6

13,610 3 7 238,928 16 3

Memorandum:

The several Sums of Money contained in the Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, and dated the 6th Day of May 1785, are inserted in this Account.

Exchequer, the 27th Day

of June 1785. John Hughson,

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Admiralty

Court,

Scotland.

iHlcbard

fishery.

British

Fisheries.

25 Geo. lit 27 *'Jumi

Ordered, That the said Atxdunt be refeited to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Bill for. regulating the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, which, before the Treaty of Union betvveen the Two Kingdoms, was styled The High Court of Ad* miraliy of Scotland, and for discharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court; and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Strips, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William Lemon, according to Order, reported frbm the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were . Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the same, from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Buss* or other Fishing Vessel, properly fitted out and furnished, as by Law required for Vessels entered for the Bounty, should be allowed to clear out of any Port of Great Britain, at any Time between the 1st Day of June and the ist Day of October, and to proceed immediately to her Fishing Station, and to cast her Nets, without being obliged to rendezvous at any other Port or Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Masters of Busses, and other Vessels employed in the Herring Fishery, should be at Liberty to purchase Fresh Herrings of the Boat Fishers (being British Subjects) and to ship the Herrings which they shall take, or which they shall purchase as aforesaid, on board any attendant British Vessel, with Permission to land the same, under proper Regulations, in any of the Ports of Great Britain, upon Oath being made, by the Master of the smaller Vessel so landing them as aforesaid, or by the Owner of the Fish, that the Fish were, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, caught by British Subjects; provided, that if the attendant Vessel, which shall sail with such Fish, shall land them at any other Port than that from which the principal Vessel cleared out, a proper Certificate of the Number of Barrels of salted Fish so landed shall be obtained from the principal Officer of the Customs at such Port, before the Bond for the Duties on the Salt taken on board the principal Vessel shall be Vol. 40.

discharged; and provided also, that tio BusS of Vessel* returning to Port within the Space of Twelve Weeks after her Clearance Outwards, unless with a full Cargo* the Whole of which shall have been taken, and cured* or salted, by such Buss, or Vessel, should be entitled to a Bounty. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, for reviving and encouraging the Cod Fishery in the North Seas, and in Icelandy the Owner of any Vessel employed therein should be at Liberty to use* in the said Fishery, British-made Salt Duty-free, and to Warehouse, under the Key of the Officer* any surplus Sait remaining in such Vessel upon her Return to the Place of her Outfit, under the like Rules and Regulations as are provided for surplus Salt brought back in Vessels employed in the Herring Fishery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That all Busses, and other Fishing Vessels, should in future be permitted to be entered for the Bounty* without any Limitation of their Burthen or Tonnage* except that no Vessel of less than Twenty Tons should be entitled to any Bounty, and except that no Buss, or other Vessel, should be entitled to the Bounty for more than Eighty Tons, although of a larger Burthen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Busses and Vessels, employed in the Herring Fisheries, should be at Liberty, during the Time of their Continuance at Sea, to catch and cure God, *

Ling, and Hake, as well as Herrings, and should be subject to the same Regulations, and have the same Privilege of curing the said other Species of Fish with Salt Duty-free, as in the Case of Herrings; but that no Bounty should be allowed on the Exportation of the said other Species of Fish, and therefore, that such other Fish should be marked by cutting their Tails in the Manner prescribed for marking Fish cured for Home Consumption.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee.

That the Duties payable upon Fish caught and cured by British Subjects (such Fish being entered and landed as by Law required for Fish cured for Home Consumption) should cease, and be discontinued.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Watermen, the better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames between Gravesend and Windsor: And that Sir Wat kin Laves and Mr. Alderman Watson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac- Prevention cording to Order, a Bill for the further Prevention of of Crimes. Crimes, and for the more speedy Detection and Punishment of Offenders against the Peace in the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southward and certain Parts adjacent to them: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed:

An ingrossed Bill for transferring the Receipt and Management Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, of Taxe*. from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners

13 B for

Duke of

Gloucester’s

Annuity,

Supply Bill; Poet Horses.

Supply Bill; Glove Tax,

Duties on Coals, &c.

Payment by the Bank.

rra6

27° Junii. 1785,

for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred, was read the Third Time.

Rt&okoed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for settling an Annuity of Nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity, payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half pa' Centum in Barbadoes, and The Leeward Islands, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling an Annuity of Nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half pa' Centum in Barbadoes and The Leeward Islands.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing the Duties on Linens to be Supply Bitfj printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, Printed imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parlia- LiD€n4* ment, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Foreign Parts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. *'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill for reducing the Allowances for Waste on SupplyBiB; Salt and Rock Salt, for regulating the Exportation of S*1*

Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts, for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Mm, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum hottejy. of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens by Retail; and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens, sold under such Licences, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves, or Mittens; and also, certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail.

Ordaxd, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for further postponing the payment of the Sum of Two Millions advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England towards the Supply, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Mr. Gilba't, according to Order, reported from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Tea aIKi ferred to consider of the Duty on Tea imposed by Houses* an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties on " Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and also, several Duties on " Inhabited Houses, and upon the Importation of " Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and for repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon," the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same

were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, now payable upon the Gross Prices at which Tea shall be sold, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, upon all Tea which shall be delivered to the Buyers by the East India Company, there shall be paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, One Duty of Five Pounds per Centum, and One other Duty of Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be sold, the said Duties to be paid by the Purchasers to the said Company.

5? Resolved,

Googh

topply.

Ways and Means.

Supply B llawierSj

35 Geo. III. 37" j

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Laws now in being, restraining the Removal of Tea to Packages of Twenty Pounds Weight be repealed.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr* Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Butler, the Marquis of Graham% Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubreys Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steeley and Mr*

Iloses do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the aaid Bill, That they do make Provision therein for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty upon Account, towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty* five; and that the said Sum be issued and paid with* out any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

ill; A Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties &c. on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, Wholesale Dealers of the City of London) which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the

Vo l. 40,

lunu. 1107

said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House* to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel* before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Josia Wedgrvood do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers residing in the seve- Hawkers atd ral Cities, Towns* and Villages, in the County of Pedlars. Kent) was presented to the House, and read; Setting' forth, That the Petitioners, already contributing considerably more than their Proportion to the Exigencies of the State in the numberless Taxes and Duties on Trade, humbly presume to represent to the House; that the Tax lately imposed on Retail Shops is a partial Tax, peculiarly grievous and burthensome to them, being, as they conceive, an additional Tax on their Houses, over and above that which the Petitioners are charged with by an Act of the Nineteenth of His present Majesty, in common with other Housekeepers, the said Tax being, though nominally charged upon their Shops, yet actually charged and assessed according to the full Annual Value or Rent of their several Houses; that the Petitioners sustain very great Injury in their Trade from Hawkers and Pedlars, who, Travelling with Goods for Sale from Town to Town, and from one Village to another, are paid for their Merchandize in ready Money, and are liable to no Losses, yet, not having any settled Place of Abode, avoid the Payment of all Taxes, and contribute nothing to the numerous Parochial Assessments, whilst the Petitioners are subject to every Charge, by Reason of their Residence, are obliged to give long Credit in their Dealings, and are frequently subject to great Losses; and that the Petitioners are particularly injured by the Trading of Hawkers and Pedlars in the said County, by Reason of its Situation and Adjacency to the Coast of France, an Opportunity being thereby afforded such Traders of vending contraband and smuggled Goods, and likewise of imposing on the inexperienced Part of the Public damaged English Goods, which they pretend to be contraband, or smuggled, and cheap Bargains to the Purchasers: That the Petitioners had Reason to expect, from the Declaration of His Majesty’s Minister when the said Tax on Shops was first proposed, that the Act of Parliament for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars w ould have been repealed, which would, in some Measure, have lessened the Burthen of the said Tax on the Petitioners, and they have therefore hitherto forborne to represent their Uneasiness on Account of such Tax; and the Petitioners beg Leave further to represent to the House, That, labouring under the before-mentioned Disadvantages, and burthened with Taxes and Contributions to so great an Amount, their Trade must very shortly be annihilated, unless some Means be adopted for their Relief: And therefore praying,

That the House will take the Subject of this Petition into Consideration, and repeal the said Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and also to pass a prohibitory Act to restrain such Description of Persons from vending Goods.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers in the Town Ditto, of Redruth) in the County of Cornwall) whose Names are thereunder signed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, sensible of the Exigencies of the State, they bore with Patience the Notice that a Tax on them, additional to the heavy Ones already laid, w'as under the Consideration of Parliament, whilst this Notice, at the same Time, under the

Promise


Elections — Polls and Scrutinies.

Turpentine

Manufac-

tories.

1108 27 0 Junit.A. 1785.-

Promise of the Minister, held out the pleasing Hope that future Licences would be denied to Hawkers and Pedlars, found from long Experience the Bane of the fair Trader, and who, setting aside the Doubt of their being a principal Means of circulating Goods fraudulently obtained, from the Manner in which they are known to impose Goods on the Purchaser, their collecting most of the Ready Money, and other Circumstances, are enabled to oppress the settled Shopkeeper, who is obliged to give long Credit for much of his Goods, and of course liable to great Losses, to pay accumulated Taxes, Public and Parochial, $c. §c. <§r. but now find, that their Reliance on the Ministers Promise rested on no permanent Support, and that therefore the Tax will lie on them with such additional Weight as many will not be able to bear: And therefore praying, That their Petition may be taken into the due Consideration of the House, and such Relief given as may seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table*

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for regulating the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament; That* they do make Provision in the said Bill for making other Regulations touching such Elections, and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, Pulleney:} «

; Telle, for the Noes, { } 33-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of Edward Webster, Esquire, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is possessed of, and, Tor near Twenty Years past, has uninterruptedly carried on, a very extensive Manufactory of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, in Potters Fields, within the Parish of Saint John, Horsey Down, and Borough of Southwark; that the said Manufactory is of a very ancient Date, and, on that Account, was One of those expressly exempted from such of the Penalties created by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for making more effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, as related to distilling Turpentine within the Limits therein specified; and that Two Acts were passed in the Twelfth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, called The Builders Acts, whereby the said Act of the Seventh of Queen Anne was repealed, but the Provision and Restriction respecting Turpentine Manufactories are repeated and re-enacted, the same as in the Act of Queen Anne, though the Exemption in Favour of the Petitioner’s said Manufactory was, by some Error, as he presumes, unintentionally omitted; and that, on the 7th Day of May last, by an unknown Accident, a dreadful Fire broke out on or near the Petitioner’s said Premisses in Potters Fields, whereby nearly all his Warehouses were consumed, though the Manufactory itself (the Fire not having been occasioned by any Process therein) suffered but little Injury: That the Conflagration having communicated to the Neighbouring Houses and Warehouses, and done very considerable Damage, the Inhabitants presented a Petition to the House, praying, That, in case the Petitioner should be willing to remove his said Manufactory, an adequate Compensation might be given him for the Expence he would incur and Damage he might sustain by so doing, and the Petitioner, being well inclined to comply with the Wishes of h\i Neighbours in that Respect, presented a Petition to the House on the 21st Day of this Instant June, stating his being willing to remove his said Manufactory on receiving sufficient Amends, and praying that he might be at Liberty to prove what Expence and Damage he should incur and suffer thereby, which, in the Opinion of skilful and experienced Surveyors, and Persons acquainted with the Nature of his Business, will amount to full £.5,000, as appears by the Report from the Committee, to whom his said Petition was referred; and that the said Acts of the Twelfth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign passed without the Petitioner’s having any Suspicion that they contained Clauses whereby he was to lose an Exemption he and his Predecessors had enjoyed for so long a Course of Yearfs, and it was not till since the above-mentioned dreadful Fire, that either he, or any of his Neighbours, discovered that, by the said Omission in the said Acts, he has, in Aggravation of his Misfortune, no Right to continue his Manufactory in its present Situation, which is, in all Respects, the most commodious and advantageous of any within the Bills of Mortality: And therefore praying either that the Exemption in Favour of his said Manufactory, which the Petitioner has lost, not by any Neglect or Miscon--duct on his Part, may be renewed, and that he may be indemnified against all Penalties he may have incurred under the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, or that, in case it should be deemed expedient for the Safety of the Neighbourhood, and the Benefit of the Public, that his said Manufactory should be removed, he may have an adequate Compensation allowed him for removing the same. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thornton, the Lord Mahon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Duties < resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Flask*, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their " Successors, with proper Powers lor the Purpose of

" establishing

25 Geo. III. $7° — 28 Juniu 110$

" establishing One or moire Glass Manufactories with- defrauding their hottest Creditors, arid, at such Times,

" in the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more vend their Wares greatly under Prime Cost, knoweffectually supporting and conducting the same ing their Intention not to render any Account for " upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, their Value; and, divers itinerant Traders, for the u calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass;" more speedy vending of their Wares, put up the same for making more effectual Provision for the said Pur- by Way of Lottery, Raffle, and other Games of eposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties Chance, thereby not only imposing on the Credulous, payable on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company but tending also to corrupt the Minds and Morals of shall be charged. the younger Part of the Community; and that, the

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Petitioners apprehend, the above Evils, amongst many resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to others at present attendant on Trade, will in a little consider of a Drawback to be allowed of the Duties on Time annihilate the Commerce of such Cities, Towns

Plate Glass of a certain Size.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 28* die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItI! Regis, 1785. Prayers.

Prevention \T OTIC E being taken, that the Bill for the fur-^ndon^'&c1 , ther Prevention of Crimes, and for the more y ’ speedy Detection and Punishment of Offenders against the Peace, in the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent to them, which Bill was Yesterday read the First Time, and ordered to be read a Second Time, is not properly prepared;

Ordered, That the Order for the Second Reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Hawkers and A Petition of the Shopkeepers resident in the Town Pedlars. Corporate of Scarbrough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sitting on high Rents, are heavily burthened with Parliamentary Aids, exclusive of great Parochial and other Assessments, at a Time when the Trade of the Town is in a considerable Degree fallen to Decay, owing to the constant Resort of Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other itinerant Traders, many of whom contribute very little, and the far greater Part not any Thing, towards the Exigencies of the State, but, on the contrary, are in the Extreme detrimental to the Revenue, as they are known to carry on an illicit Traffick, over the Inland Country, from the Ports on the German Ocean; and that the Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, often travel in Company, under the Sanction of One Licence, which, in Opposition to an express Act of Parliament, they lend to each other, to avoid the Penalties of the Law, and the inferior Class, in the Course of their Itinerancy, too frequently commit Burglaries, and other great Depredations: That the permitting Manufacturers, their Children, Apprentices, Servants, and Agents to carry Abroad, and sell by Retail the Goods of their own Manufacturing, isdn no Way beneficial to the reputable Manufacturer, nor does any Way increase the Consumption, but has become very destructive to the Traffic of great Towns, by the collusive Arts of the inferior Manufacturers apd itinerant Traders, who expose and vend innumerable Goods, of different Manufacturers, under the Pretence of being their Servant or Agent, and actually go Abroad armed with Indentures of Apprenticeship, Letters of Attorney, and other Credentials calculated to evade Justice; and that Numbers of profligate Tradesmen, in Contemplation of Bankruptcy, become itinerant for the sole Purpose of Vo l. 40.

Corporate, and Market Towns, as are not the Seats of Manufactory, and cause the Destruction of the resident and established Tradesmen now bearing the Mass of Taxes, and must consequently greatly decrease the National Revenue: And therefore, as some Compensation for the Burthen of Taxes sustained by the Petitioners, praying a Repeal of the Acts of Parliament now in Force for granting Licences to Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, that all Hawkers, Pedlars,

Petty Chapmen, Manufacturers, and other itinerant Traders, may be restrained from vending by Retail their Wares within the Liberties and Jurisdiction of Cities,

Towns Corporate, and Market Towns, and that such other Relief in the Premises may be granted to the Petitioners, and the resident Tradesmen of Great Britain, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Landholders of the Shire of Ayr: Scotland — And also, Qualification

A Petition of the Landholders of the Shire ofof Hectors. Haddington;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellency of those Laws which ought to regulate the Qualifications for electing the Representatives in Parliament of the several Counties in Scotland, have, with deep Concern, observed the most alarming Devices put in Practice to evade the Laws and Constitution of their Country, by Means of separating Superiority from the Property of Land, and making fictitious Alienations of naked Superiority, for the Purpose of creating nominal and unsubstantial Qualifications; and that, by the Creation of such fictitious Qualifications, Persons possessed of no real or substantial Interest in Land, must always influence Elections, and even are or may become the Majority of Voters at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for all the Shires in Scotland, the fatal Consequences of which Abuse are too obvious to need Illustration:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under Consideration, and to apply such Remedy, as to the House may seem fit

A Petition of the Freeholders of the Shire of Ber* wick, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the Wis- dom and Excellency of the Plan on which the Laws respecting Freehold Qualifications in the Counties of Scotland were enacted, have, with deep Concern, observed various Devices put in Practice to pervert these Laws, and corrupt the System of Parliamentary Representation; and that they have, with peculiar Regret, observed the Principal of those Laws departed from, and their wise Intentions defeated, by the creating of Qualifications to vote on fictitious Grants of Wadsett and Conveyances of bare Superiority in Life Rent only, and not in Perpetuity, and, through such Contrivances, Persons possessed of no substantial Interest in Land ate raised to the same Consequence in 13 C Elections

JIIO

a 8',

Scotland-- Elections with real Proprietors, and, in Time, the Ma-

SVwtorT0 JGrity of Electors in every County of Scotland may come to consist of Persons thus nominally qualified, the grievous and hurtful Consequences of which are too obvious to need Illustration: And therefore praying the House, to take the above Abuse of creating Freehold Qualifications on Grants of Wadsett and Corivoyances of Superiority in Lite Rent into Consideration, and apply thereto such Remedy as to the House shall seem fit

A Petition of the Heritors, or Landed Proprietors, of the Shire of Inverness, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen, with extreme Concern, the most alarming Abuses put in Practice of late Years in the Election of Commissioners of Shires to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Means of separating Superiority from the Property of Lands, for the Purpose of creating nominal and unsubstantial Qualifications for Electors of Members of Parliament, and, by the Creation of such nominal Qualifications, Persons' possessed of no Property are, or may become, the Majority of Voters at the Elections of Members of Parliament in all the Shires in Scotland; and that, in particular, the Voters now upon the Roll of Freeholders in the Shire of Inverness amount to Ninety-two Persons, of whom only Sixteen are qualified Electors by virtue of their Property within the Shire, and the Petitioners apprehend, the Landed Proprietors of the Shire are the only Persons Constitutionally entitled to elect the Representative of the Shire in Parliament; and that the Petitioners are deeply interested in National Prosperity, and submit, with the Patience of good Subjects, to the Imposition of every necessary Tax for the Support of Government, they are conscious of bearing in their Breasts the strongest Attachment to the British Constitution in all its Branches, they feel themselves animated with the Love of their Country, and they are disposed, upon every proper Occasion, to assert the Honour of the British Nation; if Abuses are suffered to be put in Practice, and Measures are countenanced which do most effectually deprive the Petitioners of their Constitutional Rights and Privileges, they cannot but entertain the most disagreeable Apprehensions in regard to the Existence of that happy Constitution, which is so admirably calculated to secure to the Subjects of this Kingdom the Blessings of a free and well regulated Government: And therefore praying the House to take under Consideration the Abuses complained of, that the Representation of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland may be put upon a legal and Constitutional Footing.

A Petition of the Landholders of the Shire of Linlithgow, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the original Excellency of those Laws which ought to regulate the Qualifications for electing the Representatives in Parliament of the several Counties in Scotland, have, with deep Concern, observed the most alarming Devices put in Practice to evade the Laws and Constitution of their Country, by Means of separating Superiority from the Property of Land, and making fictitious Alienations of naked Superiority, for the Purpose of creating nominal and unsubstantial Qualifications; and that, by the Creation of such fictitious Qualifications, Persons possessed of no real or substantial Property in Land must always influence Elections, and even are, or may become, the Majority of Voters at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for all the Shires in Scotland; and that the fatal Consequences of this Abuse are obvious, for the Voters upon the Roll of the Shire of Linlithgow amount to Fifty-seven, of whom Twenty-one only are qualified Electors in virtue of their Property within the County: And therefore praying the House to take

Junii. 1785.

tinder Consideration the Abuses complained of, and to apply such Remedy thereto^, as to the House may seem fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Secretory at War, according to Order, reported Ways and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Means, was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be applied the Sum of Two hundred Thirty-eight thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Disposition of Parliament

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- Ditto, men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 10th Day of May last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and werfe then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the said Committee, and which has been agreed to by the House.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, Schrieber’e to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, N*®*

An Act to enable John Sckrieber, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lateward, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill ini at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to British resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Fisheries, consider of the Report which was Yesterday made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Mean* for their Improvement and Extension;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- £iections cording to Order, a Bill to limit the Duration of Polls Polls and and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations Scrutinia touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

9 Ordered\

Supply Bill; JLotteiy.

Payments by 4he Bank.

Supply Bill; Salt.

Duties on Flasks.

Plate Glass Manufacture.

25 Geo. III. 28° — 29° Junii. 1111

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time on the Plate Glass, cast by the said Company, shall be upon Thursday Morning next. charged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Duties on

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Plate Glass.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of House, to consider of a Drawback to be allowed of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read a Second the Duties on Plate Glass of a certain Size.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Morning, Ten of the Clock,

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ——

whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and__________

Eighty-one. r11H E House being informed that Mr. Produce of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. A- from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he Taxes.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee. was called »; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. pursuant to their Orders,

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes they had gone through the Bill, and made several granted since the 5th Day of January' 1776, for Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him One Year, ended the 5th Day of 17^5 ' And

to report, when the House will please to receive the also,

same. An Account of the Annual Net Produce, from the

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow 5fh of 1775 to the 5th of April 1785, of the Morning. several Taxes now subsisting, which were granted

previous to the 5th of January 1776; distinguishing The other Orders of the Day being read; each Year, together with the Totals, and stating

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- also the Average Produce of each Tax, and of the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Totals.

House, upon the Bill for reducing the Allowances And then he withdrew.

for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt, for regulating the And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the

Sark, for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts, for re- Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use

straining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for of the Members of the House.

regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle The said Accounts are preserved amongst the otter of Man, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and Papers of this Session,

for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of

Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Mr. Alderman Hammet reported from the Commit- British Salt. tee, to whom the Bill for incorporating the Members Assorauc*

Resohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- of a Society called The British Assurance Society, was ociec^' ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole committed; That the Committee had examined the House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to per- and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

mit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much had directed him to report to the House; and he read of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quan- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

tities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Sugar Colonies ia America; for disallowing the Draw- and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon back on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British, by the House.

Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bd Excise. ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, A Petition of the Hawkers and Pedlars, in the Pa- Hawker* to consider further of the Bill for repealing Part of an rish of Alstonefield, in the County of Stafford, and else- and Pedlar*. Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present where, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate for*.. That the Petitioners have taken Notire of a Bill " certain Persons therein named, and their Sucres- containing Clauses for restraining them from going into.

" sors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of estab- or near Corporate and Market Towns, and other new " lishing One or more Glass Manufactories within Prohibitions and Restrictions, which, if passed into a " the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more Law, will involve the Petitioners, and the Hawkers and " effectually supporting and conducting the same Pedlars of this Kingdom, in the utmost Distress and 41 upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Maimer, Ruin: And therefore praying, That they may be heard,

" calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass;" for by themselves and their Counsel, against the said Remaking more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, gulatkms and Restrictions.

and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Vol..40, Consideration

Mercurii,29° die Junii; Anno 250 Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1785. Praters.

Paym«ht by the Bank.

American

Loyalists.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Prevention of Grimes in London, &c.

1112

icfjunii.

A *1

Consideration of die Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard,

by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Gilbert, According to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of \the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report' in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Services of all " such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in Amet'ica, in consequence of their Loyalty " to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British* " Government," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Lepive be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And that Mr. Rase, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Butler, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, "An Act for appointing and " enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, u and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Butler, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey,. Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, in Court of Aldermen assembled.

And then they withdrew'.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, are greatly, and, as they conceive, most justly alarmed, at a Bill depending in Parliament, for the further Prevention of Crimes, and for the more speedy Detection and* Punishment of Offenders against the Peace, in the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent to them; and, they think it a Duty incumbent upon them, as Magistrates who are materially concerned in the Administration of Justice in so considerable a Part of the District proposed to be the Object of that Bill, to take the First Moment that offers for expressing flieir Apprehensions of the mischievous and dangerous Effects of a Law, which, under Colour of correcting Abuses, overturns the Forms established by the Wisdom of out* Ancestors for regular Administration of Justice, and goes to the entire Subversion of the Chartered Rights of the greatest City in the World, and the Destruction of the Constitutional Liberties of above a Million of His Majesty’s Subjects; and that the Petitioners forbear to state any of the numerous and weighty Objections which occur' to them to the particular Clauses and Provisions of the Bill, because the Principle of the Bill, establishing, in Defiance of Chartered Rights, a System of Police altogether new and arbitrary in the Extreme, creating, without Necessity, new Officers, invested with extraordinary and dangerous Powers, enforced by heavy Penalties, and expressly exempted from those Checks, and that Responsibility, which the Wisdom of the Law has hitherto thought necessary to accompany every extraordinary Power, appears to them so mischievous, that no Amendment or Modification can or ought to reconcile the Nation to such a Measure: And therefore most earnestly praying the House, no longer to entertain, or give Countenance thereto, but by an immediate Rejection of the Bill, to quiet the Minds of His Majesty’s Subjects, and relieve them from the Dread of being reduced under the Scourge of such a System.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Supply Bill; Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sinking Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for Fun(1, applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to MailExemp. Order, a Bill to exempt Carriages carrying the Mail tions from from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great ToU* Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

- Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to Turpentine whom the Petition of Edward Webster, Esquire, was Manufac-referred; That the Committee had examined the torles‘ Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Shepley being examined, said, That Mr. Webster had carried on the Business of making Turpentine at the Manufactory in Potter's Fields near Twenty Years —

That by the late Fire, which appeared to begin at or near Mr. Webster's Premisses, a small Part of the Manufactory was burnt, and nearly the Whole of the Warehouses destroyed.

.. An Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for making more

u effectual

a 5 Geo. III. a9° J

u effectual an Act, made in the Sixth Year of her Majesty’s Reign, for the better preventing of u Mischiefs that may happen by Fire," was then read; whereby it appeared, that in the Clause for regulating the Manner of placing and constructing Turpentine Manufactories, an Exemption from all the Penalties inflicted by the Act was given to the Turpentine Warehouses then in Existence in the Borough of Southwark.

An Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, within " the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts,

and Places, in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the " Parishes of Saint Mary-le-Bon and Paddington,

" Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the €t County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing " of Mischiefs by Fire within the said Cities, Libevties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places, and for " amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto " into One Act; and for other Purposes and also, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the further " and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls,

" and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs 4t by Fire, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Pa-4i rishes, Precincts, and Places, within the Weekly u Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-leBon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at tc Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and <c other Persons, against the Penalties to which they are " or may be liable, for erecting Buildings within the u Limits aforesaid contrary to Law/’ were then read; whereby it appeared, that the said Act of the Seventh of Queen Anne was repealed; and that the Provisions therein contained, respecting Turpentine Manufactories, were repeated and re-enacted; but that the Exception in Favour of the Turpentine Manufactories in Southwark was omitted,

Mr. Timothy Newland being then examined, said. That he had known the Turpentine Manufactory in Potters Fields, now Mr. Websters, upwards of 62 Years — That it was formerly the Property of Mr, Symonds — That when he first knew it there were Two Men employed therein, who told him they had worked there a great Number of Years, and that at that Time the Building appeared to be very old, and was supported by Buttresses — That ever since he knew the Borough of Southwark there had been no other Turpentine Manufactory but that in Potter's Fields, which is in the most convenient and advantageous Situation of any he knew.

Sir Robert Taylor being then examined, said, That he had, as an Architect, given what Assistance and Information he could to to the Gentlemen of the Law, by whom the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty was drawn — That the Act of the Twelfth being found very inaccurate in many of its Clauses, it was absolutely necessary to pass the Act of the Fourteenth, by which the former one was repealed, and that at that Time there were a great Number of Actions brought, in Consequence of the various Inaccuracies it contained — That the Clause respecting Turpentine Manufactories was copied from the Act of the Twelfth, without any Reference being had to thh Act of Queen Anne, then no longer in Force — That Mr. Webster's Manufactory was never attended to, nor thought of, in penning that Act; and that the Clause respecting Turpentine was inserted merely for the Sake of including all former Provisions relating to Fires in Oue Act; and that the Act of Vol. 40.

'unit. in}

the Twelfth of His present Majesty was framed under the Advice and Inspection of Mr. John Phillips, a Builder, since deceased.

Mr. John FAnson] being then examined, said, That he was Agent and Solicitor for Mr. Webster — That he was enmployed by him as such when he purchased the said Turpentine Manufactory — That neither he nor Mr. Webster, to his Knowledge, ever knew that the Exception in Favour of the said Manufactory in Potter's Fields had been lost, by Means of the said Acts of His present Majesty’s Reign, till since the late Fire; for if Mr. Webster had known it, the Witness believes he should have been consulted thereon — That Mr, Webster's Neighbours having objected to his carrying on his Works, he had applied to the Witness, to know whether he had a Right so to do; on which he looked into all the said Acts, and then for the first Time discovered that Mr. Webster had, by the said Acts of the Twelfth and Fourteenth of His present Majesty, lost the Exception, under which the Manufactory in Potter's Fields had been carried on from the Year 1708, and long before, to the present Time, as the Witness has been informed. Then

Mr. Luke Ideson, Vestry Clerk of Saint James'i Parish, said, That he was employed as Solicitor to the Builders to draw the Act of 12th George III. and that he remembers some Conversation about Continuing the Exemption of the Turpentine Manufactories, and that he remembers hearing some of the Builders say, that the Manufactory of Tombes, at TIolborn, was to their Knowledge removed, but they did not know whether there was any Manufactory of Turpentine continued in Southwark; if any Application was made by any Turpentine Manufacturers in Southwark, they said they would continue the Exemption, but if hot, he was ordered to leave it out — That he did not send to esquire, nor did he give any Kind of Notice to any Proprietor in Southwarkalthough Notice was given to the Fire Offices,

Carpenters, and other Descriptions of People interested in the Bill, whose Approbation was obtained; and that the said Exemption was never inserted in the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon th6 Table.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Prevention of Yesterday, for Leave to present a proper Bill, instead Crimes in of that which was withdrawn, for the further Proven- London, &c. tion of Crimes, and for the more speedy Detection and Punishment of Offenders against the Peace, in the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent to them, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Order be discharged.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hawkers, &c. upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be , now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House befog told, by Mr. Speaker, and 13 D Forty

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Mail

Exemption from Toll.

Payment by the Bank.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

I114 290 — 30 1785.

Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Junii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIP Regis, 1785* Prayers.

A BILL for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to exempt Carriages carrying the Mail from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers in Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Tax lately imposed upon Retail Shops is likely to prove a very great Burthen upon the Petitioners, of which they were not unaware, but, lulled into a Belief that their Hardships would be in some Measure alleviated by the Abolition of Hawkers and Pedlars Licences, they desisted from troubling the House with their Complaints: With Grief and Disappointment, however, they learn, that only an additional Duty (so small as no wise to promise a Reduction of the Number) is proposed to be laid on such Licences, and therefore they think it their Duty to their Country and to themselves, to represent, that the Number of Hawkers and Pedlars travelling in and about the County of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood of Warrington in particular, many of them not Housekeepers, and consequently not labouring under an equal Pressure of Taxes, is very injurious to the Petitioners: That many other Circumstances concur to enable the Hawker and Pedlar to undersell the fair Trader, such as the Travelling without a Licence, or (as is too generally practised) under the Sanction of another's, the Trading

in smuggled and (not unfrequently) in stolen Goods, which their Licence affords them continual Opportunities of doing with little Fear of Detection: These, and the Frauds and Impositions often practised upon the ignorant, render them not injurious to Shopkeepers only, but a Nuisance to the Country; and, the Petitioners conceive, that, were the Office of an Informer held in less Abhorrence than it at present generally is, it will be impossible, by any Regulations or Restrictions whatever to guard against the Frauds and Evasions which may and will be exercised by Hawkers and Pedlars, or to put the Shopkeeper upon an equal Footing with them, by any other Means than that of an absolute Prohibition: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Hardships of their Case into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as they shall be found to merit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Commission* a Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners fur- ers of Public ther to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts Accounls-of the Kingdom: Arid the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers of the Town and Hawkers and Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was Pedlars, presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, sensible of the Burthen of the Shop Tax lately levied upon them, feel themselves exceedingly aggrieved, and, agreeable to a respectable Meeting of the Trade of the said Town of Ipswich, and Places adjacent, the 21st of this Instant June, the Petitioners beg Leave to present the following Resolutions: " That it is unanimously the Opinion of " this Meeting, that a Repeal of the Acts of Parliament " now in Force, for granting Licences to Hawkers " and Pedlars, will be a Measure of great Benefit to " the Community at large, as well as to the resident " Traders in particular, their Licences being a Cover " to the vending of smuggled and stolen Goods, and c< many other illicit Practices;" and " That such a <c Repeal will be <some Compensation to the fair and " reputable Tradesmen of this Kingdom, for the heavy " Burthen they will sustain by the Tax imposed on " Retail Shops: " And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration the above Resolutions, and that the several Acts for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars may be repealed, that the Retail Trade may be on a more fair and equitable Footing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- Supply Bill; solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hawkers,*:c. to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, in Behalf of the Petition of the several Persons, Wholesale Dealers of the City of London; and also, in Behalf of the Petition of the Hawkers and Pedlars, in the Parish of Alstoncfield, in the County of Stafford, and elsewhere, and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, Th^t this House will, Tommorrow' Morning,

resolve

ft*

1253

Iritish

assurance

lompaoy.

Elections — Polls and Scrutinies.

Macknight’s. &c. Claims.

25 Geo. III. 30 0 Jmj

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for incorporating the Members of a Society called The British Assurance Society, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society called The British Assurance Society.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Hammet do carry the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Macknight, James Parker, and William ATCormick, in Behalf of themselves, and the Heirs of their deceased Partner William Aitchison, Owners of the Ship Belville an4 Brigantine Betsey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having suffered a considerable Loss t)f Property by the Capture of the Ship Belville and Brigantine Betsey, under the Prohibitory Act, intended to have presented a Petition to the House for that Redress which they were informed it was competent to Parliament alone to give, but were prevented by the Sickness of one of their Number, and by other unavoidable Circumstances, from presenting it within the Time limited for that Purpose: And therefore

praying the House, that, in' Consideration of the Circumstances above-mentioned, Leave may be given to present their said Petition.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Thomas Alacknight, James Parker, and William ATCormick.

Then a Petition of Thomas Alacknight, James Parker, and William ATCormick, in Behalf of themselves and the Heirs of their deceased Partner William Aitchison, Owners of the Ship Belville and Brigantine Betsey, being offered to be presented to the House,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners were particularly called upon by the Governors of North Carolina and Virginia, at the Beginning of the late unhappy Dis-sentions in America, to assist in supporting His Majesty’s Government in that Country, and distinguished themselves by their Loyalty and Attachment to the British Constitution, in consequence whereof, their Property in America hath been confiscated, but the above-named Vessels, having escaped the Hands of the Congress, were captured by His Majesty’s Ships of War in the Beginning of the Year 1776, and condemned in British Courts of Admiralty as the Property of Inhabitants of Colonies declared by the Vol. 40.

Prohibitory Act of Parliament to be in a State of Rebellion, which Law was made on the 24th Day.of December 1775, and took Effect in America from the 1st Day of January 1776; and that the Petitioners Ship Belville was loaded in Pasquotank River North Carolina, in the latter End of the Year 1775, was regularly, cleared out from His Majesty’s Custom House of Port Roanoke for Cadiz in Spain, and sailed on this Voyage 150 Miles to Ocracoke Bar, where she was taken in the Month of December by a Vessel belonging to the Committee of Safety, the Commander of which, afraid of being captured by a British Ship of War which hove in Sight, threw the Belville'$ Cargo overboard, and carried her across The Shallows to Newbern in North Carolina, where she was detained till William McCormick gave Bond and Security to pay to the Convention the Value of this Ship and her Cargo, provided the Petitioners other Property, which by this Time had been seized by Order of the Committee of Safety, should be finally confiscated; and that William M'Cormick, being permitted to re-load the Ship on those Terms, she proceeded on her Voyage to Cadiz, but was captured on the Coast of Spain by One of His Majesty’s Ships of War, and, being carried to Gibraltar, was libelled in the Court of Admiralty, on the Prohibitory Act, as the Property of Inhabitants of a Colony in Rebellion, and, notwithstanding it was proved in the Course of the Trial, that the Owners, far from countenancing the Rebellion, were faithfully and firmly attached to the British Government, yet the Prohibitory Act, containing no Exception in Favour of Vessels belonging to good Subjects, the Judge found himself obliged to condemn the Belville and her Cargo as a Prize to the Captors; and that the Petitioners Brigantine called The Betsey was also captured by a British Ship of War in the Beginning of the Year 1776, while she was carrying Provisions from North Carolina to the Earl of Dunmore, Governor of Virginia, for the Use of His Majesty’s Troops then at Norfolk; notwithstanding this Voyage was undertaken for His Majesty’s Service, at the Request of the Governor of Virginia, and at the Risk of William ATCormiclcs Life, had the Destination of these Provisions been discovered before he got out of North Carolina, yet this Vessel and her Cargo were also condemned under the Prohibitory Act of Parliament; and that the Petitioners having been plundered by the Americans for their Loyalty on the one Hand, and thus punished as Partizans of Rebellion on the other, they are stripped of their All, and, from a State of Affluence, reduced to the Necessity of depending for Subsistence on an Allowance-from Government, which has been hitherto granted to them in common with other American Sufferers; with them the Petitioners patiently wait, and hope for Compensation for their Losses in America arising from the Law's of Congress; but the Loss of these Ships and their Cargoes flowing directly from the Operation of an Act of the British Legislature (surely not meant to injure good Subjects) the Petitioners are informed, can only be made good to them by the Bounty of Parliament, the Petitioners Solicitations for Payment having only obtained from His Majesty’s Ministers repeated Acknowledgments of the Justice of their Claim; and that, in the Month of June 1783, on the Second Reading of the Bill appointing Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, the Case of these Vessels was particularly stated in the House of Commons as a Case that deserved Relief, and though it did not come within the Letter or Spirit of the Bill then reading, the Sense of the House appeared to be, that the Petitioners should lay their Case respecting the Loss of these Vessels before the Commissioners, to the End that, on their Report of the Facts, the

House

A. 1785.

in 6

30° Junii.

House might determine tvhat was lit to be done for their Relief; and that the Petitioners have accordingly laid this Case before the Commissioners, in a Memorial separate and distinct from their Claims as American Sufferers, and, the Commissioners having examined the Facts above stated, the Petitioners trust they are ready to report thereon, when required so to do, and believing that Parliament alone can redress the Injury they have sustained by the Operation of the Prohibitory Act, and knowing that it hath ever been the Practice of the British Legislature to indemnify innocent Sufferers under Laws made for the Public Service, the Petitioners are encouraged to have Recourse for Relief to that Power from whose Act this Misfortune hath befallen them; and that the Petitioners do now submit this Case respecting the Loss of these Vessels to the Consideration of the House, trusting that the Evidence they have laid before the Commissioners of American Claims respecting their Loyalty, Services, and Sufferings, in Support of Government, will induce those Gentlemen to give such an Account of their public Conduct as must convince the House that the Petitioners have acted the Part of loyal and faithful British Subjects, at the Expence of every Thing dear and valuable to them: And therefore praying, That the House will take this Case into their serious Consideration, and do thereon what to them shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Rich, Mr. Dempster, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Turpentine The House was moved, That the Report which was

Manufac- Yesterday made from the Committee to whom the Pe-

tones. tition of Edward Webster, Esquire, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Three thousand Pounds to be advanced to Edward Webster, Esquire, as a Compensation for the Loss he will sustain by removing his Manufactory of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, from the Place where k is now situate in Potter's Fields, in the Parish of Saint John, Horsey Dawn., in the Borough of Southwark, it being found necessary, for the securing of the Houses, Buildings, and Wharfs, in the Neighbourhood thereof, from Accidents by Fire, and for the Benefit of the Public, that the said Manufactory should be no longer carried on at the above-mentioned Place; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Afterwards Two thousand Pounds was moved;

And the Question bein^ put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to be advanced to Edward Webster, Esquire, as a Compensation for the Loss he will sustain by removing his Manufactory of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, from the Place where it is now situate in Potter's Fields, in the Parish of Saint John, Hoi'sey Down, in the Borough of Southwark, it being found necessary, for the securing of the Houses, Buildings, and Wharfs, in the Neighbourhood thereof, from Accidents by Fire, and for the Benefit of the Public, that the said Manufactory should be no longer carried on at the above-mentioned Place; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Thornton, ]

Mr. Edward James \ 46. Eliot; J

} 35-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Prodwtf Account of the Produce of the several Taxes granted Taxt* since the 5th Day of January 1776, for One Year, ending the 5th of April 1785; and also, of the Account of the Annual Nett Produce, from the 5th of April 1775 to the 5th of April 1785, of the several Taxes, now subsisting, which were granted previous to the 5th Day of January 1776; distinguishing each Year, together with the Totals, and stating also the Average Produce of each Tax, and of the Totals (which were presented to the House upon the 17th and 24th Days of this Instant June, by Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Duties on last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for

<£ granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown " Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead

exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond ft the Seas, and for allowing a Drawback upon the " Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Resoloed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Supply BiD-, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholeSa,u House, upon the Bill for reducing the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, for repealing the Laws allowing' the Use of Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts, for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Man, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Duties on ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Flasks. House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so Q much

Plate Glass Manufacture.

Admiralty

Court,

Scotland.

British

Fisheries.

Supply Bill; Lottery.

Adjourn-

ment.

Offices and Employments Indemnity.

25 Geo. III.

30’ Junii. — 1° Julii.

1117

much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Yfcar of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportatioa of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Draw back on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, 44 with-^roper Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the King-41 dom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an im- proved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass," for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company shall be charged.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, which, before the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, was styled The High Court of Admiralty of Scotland, and for discharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Ships.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon Monday last, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

Resohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1* die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1785. Prayers.

DESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next

Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Timp to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, and v for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Trustees of Turnpike Roads in certain Cases, and declaring their Proceedings valid; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Supply Bill; repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting ^laleSer-new Duties on Male and Female Servants; without any >atl Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Coach-Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also ni ers* certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Licences to be taken out by Persons using or exercising D the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Li- Glu^lax. cences to be taken out by Persons vending Gloves or Mittens, and also certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by'Retail; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for better securing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Coals,&c. Cinders; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Management for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain of Taxts* Duties therein -mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Post Borees. Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and also Additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Public Act for better examining and auditing the Public Ac- Accounts, counts of this Kingdom; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,-intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth 0?meCer~ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, tl"cates- An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Tradesmen, and In- Hawkers and Montagu; habitants of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County PedUrs.

Mr. Speaker, ... of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Setting forth, That the Petitioners have long laboured Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to under great Inconveniences and frequent Losses from qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and the unfair Practices of Hawkers and Pedlars, who to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who frequently sell some Articles (the Price of which is have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifica- generally known) at or under Prime Cost in order to tions within the Time limited by Law, and forgiving delude and deceive the unwaiy, while on other Arti-further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnity cles they take exhorbitant Profits; and that the Peti-Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and tioners are subject to high Rents, Parqchial Offices, to Vol. 40, 13 E Parish

Duke of

Gloucester*#

Annuity.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund

11 i 8 i° Julii. ^.1785.

Parish Rates, and other Taxes, unfelt by the Hawkers and Pedlars; and, that there is another Set of Persons, not exactly of that Description, but who, instead of Travelling with Parcels and Bundles, usually take Rooms, and hold temporary Auctions in various Towns, Cities, and Corporations, who always carry off Ready Cash, while the Shopkeeper is obliged to give long Credit, and, besides these, there are a certain Species of Tradesmen who pretend to be Manufacturers of Goods, which they sell in Corporate Towns, but who are not so in general, and, being encouraged under that Pretence, are equally injurious to Shopkeepers within Towns, Cities, and Corporations; and that the Petitioners, although already labouring under a Load of Taxes, chearfully submitted to the Tax on Retail Shops, under, they trust, a well-grounded Hope that the Licences of Hawkers and Pedlars would be totally done away, and the Grievances be* fore stated removed: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and to relieve them from the great Oppression under which they la-bour, both in respect to Hawkers and Pedlars, Temporary Auctions, and also Manufacturers of Goods brought into Corporate Towns, and there sold by Retail, and that the several Acts of Parliament for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars may be repealed.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in the County of Yoi'k, w as also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are materially affected by the Bill lately passed, imposing a Duty upon Retail Shops, and are far from being averse to bearing such equal and just Proportions as the Exigencies of the State may require, but, conceiving the Partiality of the present Tax to operate most immediately upon the Petitioners, they presume they have a Claim upon the House to palliate the Measure, and to render the Petitioners the Relief they now seek, as an Equivalent for the Payment of the said Tax; and that the Petitioners would have sought earlier Redress, and instructed their Representatives to have opposed the Progress of the said Bill through the House, had not they been induced to believe, upon the Introduction of the said Tax, that an Equivalent would have been granted them, by abolishing the Licences granted to Hawkers and Pedlars, so much to the Injury of the fair Trader: But, apprehensive that such Equivalent is likely to be withheld from them, they therefore pray, That House would take the same into their serious Consideration, and afford them the promised Relief, by an entire Abolition of the granting of Licences to the Hawkers and Pedlars of this Kingdom, which will, in this Case, better enable the Petitioners to pay the said Duty.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie tipon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Skynner and Mr. Baron Hotham:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling an Annuity of Nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum m Barbadoes and The Leeward Islands; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the BH1 for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, atnd for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for die Service of the Year Owe thousand Seven hundred inti Eighty-five;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Coin* mittec, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

briefed. That so much of His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the

15th Day of November, 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, upon the 20th Day of June last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Clerks in the Offices of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Annual Sum of One thousand <c Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to " the Principal Secretaries of State, to be distributed " among the Clerks in their respective Offices, in " Compensation for the Advantages which such Clerks " enjoyed from their sending and receiving printed u Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed " Newspapers, free from the Duty of Postage, before " the Commencement of an Act, made in the Twenty*

44 fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4i intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters " and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and

Ireland; " and that the said Sum be charged upon, u and made payable out of, the Revenues arising in the " General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of M Postmaster General."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into MailExeaj* a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to exempt ^jfr8m Carriages carrying the Mail from paying Tolls at any 0 Turnpike Gate in Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Admiralty to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Jurisdiction of the co Court of Admiralty, which, before the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, was styled The High Court of Admiralty of Scotland, and for discharging and abolishing the Payments of Fees and £ Perquisites.

Googh

25 Geo. III. i° Julii.

x 119

Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That the last of the Resolutions which, upon the 10th Day of June last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Salaries of the Ordinary Judges of the Court of Session, and Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also of a proper Salary for the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and was then agreed to by the House! might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly: and is as followeth; viz*

" Resolved, That there shall be issued and paid to the " Judge of the High Court of Admiralty in Scotland

for the Time being, in every Year, out of the Motries that shall arise, from Time to Time, from any " of the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reijm of Queen Anne, were

charged, or made chargeable, with the Payment of H the Salaries and other Charges allowed, or to be u allowed, by her Majesty, her Heirs, or Successors, u for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, " and Exchequer, in Scotland, the Sum of Four hun-u dred Pounds, as a Salary, in lieu of all Sentence " Money, Fees, and Perquisites, heretofore in Use to " be paid to, or exacted by, or for, the Judge of the said Court."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Lottery. |0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Hawkers, Committee of the whole House, to consider further

of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional

Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him ' Voi~ 40.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to King's authorize the Lord Chambenain, the Lord Steward of B^ty to the Household, the Master of the Horse, the Master tie n lgcnt* of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury respectively, to pay Bounties granted to His Majesty to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Buller, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor.

General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House wAs moved. That the last of the Reso*. Supply, lutions which, upon the 21st Day of June last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz. *

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid 4{ to Mr. Henry Phillips, on his making a proper " Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the u Composition of his Powder for the Destruction i€ of Insects."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Courtenay and Sir James Johnstone do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rcsoked\ That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole Silks.

House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported " into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from " Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, and for " allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, u. and Stuffs mixed with Silk." f

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Li-> nens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Foreign Parts.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Salt*

House, upon the Bill for reducing the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, for repealing the Law s allowing the Use of Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Saks, for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Man, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and, for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- DutifS on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole’ Flaiks, Sec. House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for

1120

-4° Ju

A. 1785.

private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of Justice in Great , and certain other Duties with

an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities to Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quan- be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, mbre effectually to supply with Seamen His Majesty’s

tities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Ruin or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

Plate Glass Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morn- Ships of War when Occasion shall require, and to

Manufacture. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole encourage Men, under certain Regulations and Boun-House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing Part ties, voluntarily to engage themselves for that Service of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present whenever they shall be duly called forth: And that Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to incorporate Sir James Johnstone and Mr. Pulteney do prepare, and " certain Persons therein named, and their Succes- bring in, the same.

M sors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the " Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more effectually supporting and conducting the same upon an *‘ improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass;" for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company shall be

Seamen.

Air. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better securing the Duties payable on-Tobacco: And the same was received; and read the-First Titiie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Duties on Tobacco.

flntish

fisheries.

charged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon Monday last, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna;, 4* die Jul'u;

Anno 25* Georgii II1'" Regis, 1785.

fund,

Sir James Johnstone presented to the House, accord*, ing to Order, a Bill for providing a Reward to Harry-Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the Destruction of Insects: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock} from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Duties of Customs paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Schctland; as also the net Amount of the said Duties of Customs, distinguishing each County and Port, for the Year 1765, and for the Year 1782: And also,

An Account of the Duties of Custorrfs paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Schetland; as also the net Amount of the said Duties of Customs, distinguishing each County and Port, from the Y'ear 1774 to the Year 1784, being the latest Period the said Account can be made up to: And also,

An Account of the Duties on Salt paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Schetland; as also the net

Phillips’ Iu-sec t-dfs troy-ing Powder.

Taxes in

Argyllshire,

&c.

Prayers.

Supply hill; \/f R. Gilber^ according to Order, reported from Sinking lYA the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for grauting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying Certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five,

was committed, the Amendments which the Commit- ,

tee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed Amount of the said Duties on Salt, distinguishing each him to report to the House; and he read the Report County and Port, for the Year 1765, and for the Year in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iugrossed. '

King’s Bounty to

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to authorize the Lord Chamberlain, the the indigent s^w^rd of the Houshold, the Master of the

Horse, the Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Supply Bill 3

Attornies,

Ac.

1782: And also,

An Account of the Duties on Salt paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Schetland; as also the net Amount of the said Duties on Salt, distinguishing each County and Port, from the Year 1774 to the Year 1784, being the latest Period the said Account can be. made up to.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Dunhcved, otherwise Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners consider, that the Sale of Goods and

Hawkers

Pedlars.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Merchandize by Hawkers and Pedlars is highly in-Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of jurious to the Community at jarge, and to the Revenue,

evidently

%5 Ge.ov III. 4* Julii.

evidently tends to promote the vending of stolen and smuggled Goods, and other illicit Practices, and are much more liable to Fraud and Deceit than the Dealings of Resident Traders, who are well known, and whose Characters are at Stake for carrying on their Trades upon fair and reasonable Terms: And therefore praying the House to introduce a Bill, either for the entire Suppression of those Traders, or at least a Prohibition of them from coming into, or within some considerable Distance of, any City or Market Town, which would be some Compensation to the resident Traders of this Kingdom for the grievous Burthen laid upon them by the late Tax on Retail Shops.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mail Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Exemption Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to rom lol. exempt Carriages carrying the Mail from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be engrossed.

Pilchard An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the

Fishery. Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon

Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for providing a more easy Method of obtaining the Licences.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Eill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tnrpentine The House was moved. That the Report which, Manufac- upon Wednesday last, was made from the Committee, lories. to whom the Petition of Edward Webster, Esquire, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a J Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the " more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire " within the Cities of London and Westminster, and (t the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le+Bon, Padding- " ton, Saint Pan was, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for indemnifying, u under certain Conditions, Builders, and other Persons, against the Penalties to which they are or u may be liable, for erecting Buildings within^ the " Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law," with respect to Houses and Buildings used in the Manufacture of Turpentine, that they do make Provision in the said Bill for extending the Regulations and Restrictions respecting Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, to that Parr of Great Britain called England and also, for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Tur-‘ Vol. 40.

pentine Manufactory in Potter's Fields, '\vithin the .'Borough of Southwark, against all Penalties he may bte liable to under-the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and also for excepting hi* said Manufactory from the Provisions of the said Act, and from the Regulations to be contained in the said intended Bill, for a limited Time.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyrteux, Gentleman Royal Assent Usher of the Black Rod: ’’ to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the imme* diate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. ' '

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of'Peers. *

And being returned; ''

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De^ sire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills, therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal.

Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop" of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Osborne, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for settling an Annuity of Nine thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucesterf in lieu of the like Annuity payable out of the Duties of Four and One Half per Centum in Barbadoes and The Leeward Islands. ' ' ' '

An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Ser* vants.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Licences to be taken out by Persons vending G love* or Mittens, and also certain Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be. taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sate. '

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Licences to he taken out by Persons using or exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken" out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose ,of Travelling Post, and on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for1 granting other Duties in lieu thereof and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for Travelling Post, and by Time.

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the* Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for granting to His Majesty cer-5 " tain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the " killing of Game," and for granting other Duties in' lieu thereof. ' >

; An Act for better securing the Duties upon Coals,.

Cu\m7 and Cinders.

13 F An

Diniti7fid h

Ett

1122 4 Julii.A. 1785.

An Act for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom.

An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects.

An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases.

An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court, and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers, or others, on Account of such Imprisonment.

An Act for more effectually preventing Deceits and Frauds in the Manufacturing of Cordage for Shipping, and to prevent the illicit Importation of Foreign-made Cordage.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, dr others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Trustees of Turnpike Roads in certain Cases, and declaring their Proceedings valid.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance of certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near North Scotland Yard, in the County of Middlesex, in Exchange for the Inheritance of certain Buildings or Barracks, and Land adjoining thereto, and also of certain Ground contiguous to Tinmouth Castle in the County of Northumberland\ belonging to the Duke of Northumberland\ or for such further or other Compensation as shall be a full Consideration for the same, and also to impower the said Duke to make such Exchange.

An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise The Holy Trinity, within the City of Bristol, and for widening the Streets adjacent thereto.

An Act for extending the Dudley Canal to the Birmingham Canal at or near Tipton Green1, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for the Removal and Re-building of the Council Chamber, Guildhall, and Gaol of the City of New Sarum; and for ascertaining the Tolls of the Market, and regulating the Chairmen within the said City.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages, within the Borough of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, 4nd Annoyances therein.

An Act for amending Two Acts, of the Eighth and Sixteenth Years of His present Majesty, for opening Certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and *uch Part of Hog Lane as lies within the Liberty of Norton Falgate, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Lambeth, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, with Water.

An Act for lighting and watching the Village of

Clapham, and certain Roads leading thereto, in the County of Surrey.

An Act for amending the Roads from a Place called Piss's Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through Cheltenham to Elston Church, and from thence to Coombend Beeches, in the Road from Cirencester to Gloucester, and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Burford Turnpike Road at a Place called Pewsdon Ash, and from Cheltenham to the Road from Gloucester to London, at or near a House called Kilkenny, and from the Direction Post in Bembridge Field through Birdtip, to join the Road from Gloucester to Bath, at or near Painswick, and at a House called The Harrow, all in the County of Gloucester.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of art Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop, and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge; to the Turnpike Road at Stockbridge, and from the Garden of Hemy Hat tat, at Azvbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Rolle, Esquire, at East Tuderley, and from Lockerley Mill Stream to East Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to Salisbury.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the* County of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between jKensington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame, to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Post comb and Tets-worth, in the said County of Oxford.

An Act to enlarge the Term, and explain and amend the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike " Road in Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through " Dcccentry and Cottesbach, to the South End of Mill " Field, in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of " Leicester

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Llandegai, in the County of Carnarvon, belonging to the Trustees of the Free School of Beaumaris, in the Right honourable Richard Lord Penrhyn, of the Kingdom of Ireland, and his Heirs, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned.

An Act for vesting a Fee Farm Rent, belonging to Thomas Borrett, Esquire, and Martha his Wife, in the County of Bedford, comprized in a Settlement made upon their Marriage, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned; and for vesting other Part3 of their settled Estates, situate in the County of Kent, for the separate Use of the said Martha Borrett, and to other Uses, the same as in the former Settlements thereof.

An Act to enable Elizabeth Osborne, William Symonds, Thomas Symonds Powell, and John Moore Green, their Heirs or Assigns, to convey certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Clehonger, in the County of Hertford, and which are now subject to the Trusts of the Will of the late John Smith, Esquire, in Exchange for other Lands in the same County, of greater Value, to be conveyed to and held by them respectively, upon the Trusts of the said Will of the said John Smith.

An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the several Parishes of Foffont, Swallowcltft, Ebesbome Wike, Broad-chalk, Bowerchalk, Alvedeston, Bishopston, and Fifield, in the County of Wilts.

2 An

iply Bill; tery.

iwer to iress.

pcntine

nufuc-

es.

ilish

iheries.

as Geo. III. 4 0 Juliiitax

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, logs, or Pasture Grounds, and Common, within the Township of Kilnwick, in the Parish of Kilnzvick, in the East Riding of the County of York.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Inglis, Esquire, with Ann Stewart his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to enable John Schrieber, Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Lateward.

An Act for naturalizing Charles Imhoff.

An Act for naturalizing Hermann Graumann.

Mr. Gliberty according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to b6 raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chancellor of (he Exchequer reported to the House, That their Address of Thursday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to be advanced to Edicard Webster, Esquire, as a Compensation for the Loss he will sustain by removing his Manufactory of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, from the Place where it is now situate in Potters Fields, in the Parish of Saint John9 Horsey Down, in the Borough of Southwark, it being found necessary, for the securing of the Houses, Buildings, and Wharfs in the Neighbourhood thereof, from Accidents by Fire, and for the Benefit of the Public, that the said Manufactory should be no longer carried on at the above mentioned Place; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Henry Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine; for extending the Provisions of the said Act, so amended, to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potters Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act, and for excepting, for a limited Time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon Monday last, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the

Vol. 40.

most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John James Hamilton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John James Hamilton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill to Exporting prohibit the Exportation of certain Tools, Utensils, and To°k> Materials, used in the Iron Manufactory: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, and Mr.

Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Byty to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Slte>&ce to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting additional " Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk imported into " Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, and for allowing " a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks and Stuffs " mixed with Silk," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive tl?e same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 5 u upon the Bill for reducing the Allowances for Waste' on Salt and Rock Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sarkh for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts, for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from The Isle of Man, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving Admiralty the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, which, before the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, was stiled The High

Court

Patent

Medicine

Licences.

Snpy Bill; Hiy*kers,&c.

Supply Bill;

Printed

Linens.

Duties on Flasks, Sec,

Plate Glass Manufacture.

H24

jOourt of Admiralty of Scotland, and for xKscharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Ships, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp y Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons " uttering or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp " Duties on till Medicines sold under such Licences, or u under the Authority of His Majesty's Letters Patent," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon, the Bill for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Floi'ence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing f>art of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to in-V corporate certain Persons therein named, and their u Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of " establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more " effectually supporting and conducting the same *5 upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner,

(f calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass; " for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company shall be charged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4 — 5° ym.

A. 1785.

Mart is, 56 die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii llltli Regis, 17S5*

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Shopkeepers and other ib cktisui Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, was present* ed to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Sale of Goods and Merchandizes by Hawkers and Pedlars is highly injurious to the Public and the Revenue, tending to promote the vending of stolen and smuggled Goods, and other illicit Practices, and much more liable to Fraud and Deceit than the Dealings of resident Traders, who are well known, and whose Characters are at Stake for carrying on their Trades upon fair and reasonable Terms; and that the Encouragement usually given to Hawkers and Pedlars upon their coming to any City or Town is to the greatest Degree detrimental to the fair resident Trader; inasmuch as there are many Instances, even in the City of Exeter, of those Persons receiving, during a Week or Fortnight’s Residence therein only, many Thousand Pounds in ready Money, when the resident Traders, who have been under the Necessity of giving Credit, remain at the same Time unpaid, and their Stock in Trade, which they must be supplied with, is left on their Hands a considerable Time without the usual Demand for it: That the entire Suppression of those Traders, or at least a Prohibition of them from coming into any City, Town Corporate, or Market Town, would be some Compensation to the resident Traders of this Kingdom for the grievous Burthen laid upon them by the late Tax on Retail Shops, which will operate as a partial and oppressive Impost falling heavily on a particular Description of Men, who already contribute more than their Proportion to the Exigencies of the State; and, the Petitioners conceive, that, if the Hawkers and Pedlars are permitted to sell their Goods in Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns, on Market Days, it would, in a great Measure, counteract the good Intention of the proposed Regulation: And therefore praying, That the House will take their Case into Consideration, and grant them Relief, either by suppressing Hawkers and Pedlars, or prohibiting them from vending their Goods within Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns, or within the Space of Two Miles thereof, at any Time whatsoever, or to give the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John James Hamilton, according to Order, re- Brittt ported from the Committee of the whole House, Fhbtria to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 27th Day of June last, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Buss, or other Fishing Vessel, properly fitted out, and furnished as by Law required for Vessels entered for the Bounty, shall be allowed to clear out of any Port of Great Britain, at any Time between the First Day of June and the First Day of October, and to proceed immediately to her Fishing

Station,

Duties on Tobacco.

5 Geo. Ill* 5° Julii. 1125

Station, and to cast her Nets, without being obliged to rendezvous at any other Port or Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Masters of Busses, and other Vessels, employed in the Herring Fishery, shall be at Liberty to purchase Fresh Herrings of the Boat Fishers (being British Subjects) and to ship the Herrings which they shall take, or which they shall purchase as aforesaid, on board any attendant British Vessel, with Permission to land the same, under proper Regulations, in any of the Ports of Great Britain, upon Oath being made, by the Master of the smaller Vessel so landing them as aforesaid, or by the Owner of the Fish, that the Fish were, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, caught by British Subjects; provided that, if the attendant Vessel, which shall sail with such Fish, shall land them at any other Port than that from which the principal Vessel cleared out, a proper Certificate of the Number of Barrels of Salted Fish so landed shall be obtained from the principal Officer of the Customs at such Port before the Bond for the Duties on the Salt taken on Board the principal Vessel shall be discharged; and provided also, that no Buss, or Vessel, returning to Port within the Space of Three Months after her Clearance Outwards, unless with a full Cargo, the Whole of which shall have been taken, and cured, or salted by such Buss, or Vessel, shall be entitled to a Bounty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for reviving and encouraging the Cod Fishery in The North Seas and in Iceland, the Owner of any Vessel employed therein shall be at Liberty to use, in the said Fishery, British-vndide Salt Duty-free, and to Warehouse, under the Key of the Officer, any surplus Salt remaining in such Vessel upon her Return to the Place of her Outfit, under the like Rules and Regulations as are provided for Surplus Salt brought back in Vessels employed in the Herring Fishery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Busses, and other Fishing Vessels, shall in future be permitted to be entered for the Bounty without any Limitation of their Burthen or Tonnage, except that no Vessel of less than Twenty Tons shall be entitled to any Bounty, and except that no Buss, or other Vessel, shall be entitled to the Bounty for more than Eighty Tons, although of a larger Burthen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Busses and Vessels, employed in the Herring Fisheries, shall be at Liberty, during the Time of their Continuance at Sea, to catch and cure Cod, Ling, and Hake, as well as Herrings, and shall be subject to the same Regulations, and have the same Privilege of curing the said other Species of Fish with Salt Duty-free, as in the Case of Herrings, but that no Bounty shall be allowed on the Exportation of the said other Species of Fish, and therefore, that such other Fish shall be marked by cutting their Tails in the Manner prescribed for marking Fish cured for Home Consumption.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. John James Hamilton, the Marquis of Graham, and Mr. Dempster, do prepare, and bring in the same.

A Petition of the Importers, Dealers, and Manufacturers of Tobacco, in the City of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, at a Time when the House overflows with Petitions from every Corner of the Kingdom, the Petitioners, however averse they may be to increase the Number, find themselves called upon by that Duty which they owe to themselves and to the Public, to lay before the House the alarming Situation of the Vol. 40.

Tobacco Trade in their Part of the Kingdom, the smuggling of that Article, in great Quantities, being carried on with the utmost Ease and Security, in open Defiance of the Laws, and to the great Injury of His Majesty's Revenue; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that internal Regulations only, for the Purpose of checking this illicit Trade, however salutary they may appear, will be found ineffectual Palliatives, unless the Duties, at the same Time, are considerably reduced: And therefore requesting the House, That the Axe may be at once applied to the Root of this pernicious Traffic, by ordering such a Reduction of the present high Duties on that Article as, in the Wisdom of Parliament, may seem necessary for removing the Temptation,'by which the Attempts of the Smuggler will be rendered abortive, the fair Trader protected, and His Majesty’s Revenue increased.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdon/, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

A Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, /or the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine, for extending the Provisions of the said Act, so amended, to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potters Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act, and for excepting, for a limited Time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Mopey out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service' of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the principal Secretaries of State for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

13 G Mr.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Turpentine

Manufac-

tories.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

American

Loyalists.

Duties on Bricks, &e.

Macnight's, fe, Claim3.

ii26 5° Juliu A. 1785.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the " sameAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Macnight, James Parkery and William M'Cormick, in Behalf of themselves and the Heirs of their deceased Partner William Aitchison, Owners of the Ship Belville and Brigantine Betsey, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Macnight being examined, said, That the Ship Belville was loaded, and passed Pashquotank River, in North Carolim9 in the latter End of the Year 1775, and the Restraining Act was then in Force, but did not apply to that Colony — That they took out a regular Clearance at His Majesty’s Custom House at Port Roanoke: That she was laden with Pipe Staves and Bees Wax — That on their Passage they were taken, in the Month of December, by a Rebel Vessel, which carried her into Newberriy where she was detained till Mr. M'Cormicl: gave Bond and Security to pay the Value of the Ship and Cargo — That Mr. M'Cormick being permitted to re-load on those Terms, proceeded on his Voyage to Cadiz, and was captured on the Coast of Spain, by the Enterprize, commanded by Sir Thomas Rich, and carried to Gibraltar, where she was libelled in the Admiralty Court, under the Prohibitory Act, as the Property of Inhabitants of a Colony in Rebellion, and condemned as a Prize to the Captors, notwithstanding the Owners were proved to have been faithful Subjects, as the Act contained no Exception whatsoever in their Favour.

Mr. William McCormick informed your Committee, That when he was examined upon Oath before the Commissioners for settling the Claims of American Loyalists, he stated, to the best of his Belief, that the Vessel in Question, including Outfits, Repairs, Provisions, and Advance of Wages to Seamen, amounted to about £. 2,000 Sterling — That upon quitting America, he was obliged to leave his Books and Papers, and has never been able to recover them — Then,

Mr. Thomas Bell, Merchant and Ship and Insurance Broker, acquainted your Committee, That he has had great Experience in the Trade from North Carolina to Europe, and believes, that a Ship of the Size and Description of the Belville, and so equipped, was worth about £. 1,800 at the Port of London.

And it appeared to your Committee, by a Certificate of Mr. James Duff, His Majesty’s present Consul

at Cadiz, being the original Port of Destination, that the Cargo actually sold at £.1,600 Sterling, after it had been re-shipped at Gibraltar, where it had been condemned. And,

Mr. Mackmght said, That the Interest of the above Sums, at the Rate of £. 5 per Cent. calculating from the Time the Ship was taken, amounts to £. 1,530, which Sum, being added to the Value of the Ship and Cargo, makes the Whole amount to £. 4,930.

Mr. McCormick being further examined, said, That the Brigantine Betsey was also captured by a British Ship of War, in the Beginning of the Year 1776 —

That she was taken upon her Voyage with Provisions to the Army under Lord Dunmore, and under the Authority of His Lordship’s Pass, but was captured by Captain Eastwood, and carried to St Kitt's, where she was condemned as belonging to Subjects in Rebellion — That she was intended to proceed, after delivering the Provisions at Norfolk, with Hogshead Staves to the West Indies: And he further said, That he had made an Affidavit before the Commissioners above mentioned,

That the News of the Declaratory Act having passed had not reached him in North America — That he bad also made an Affidavit, that the original Cost of the said Ship amounted to £.1,000 Sterling, including the Outfits, at the Time she sailed. And,

Mr. Bell stated, That a Ship of the Size and Description of the Betsey, would be worth £.7. 10 s. per Ton. And,

Mr. McCormick further said, That he had declared on Oath, before the Commissioners, that the said Ship was 180 Tons Burthen; and that the Value of her Cargo w'as £.500 Sterling — And added, That, valuing the Ship at £. 1,000, and the Cargo at £. 500, as abovementioned, the Interest for Nine Years amounts to £.675 Sterling. Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That he personally knew the Petitioners, Mr. Parker and Mr. Macnight; and said, they both distinguished themselves for their Zeal and Loyalty to His Majesty’s Government, and both took an active Part in the Field in Support thereof.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Election to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, p°lb upon the Bill to limit the Duration of Polls and Scratu"cl' Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also for removing Difficulties which may arise for want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }?2-

Tellers for the Noes, }»

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker accordingly left the Chair.

And there being a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Lord Mahon do take the Chair of the said Committee; *

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do take the Chair of the Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

45 Geo. III. 5° — 6° Julii. 1147

Mr. Spe&ker left the Chais.

Mr. Solicitor General took the Chfcit of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Solicitor General reported froth the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that hfe was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Duties on Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Silks, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk import-

ed into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from u Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, and for " allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, " and Stuffs mixed with Silk," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed, That the like Bounty be allowed upon the Exportation of Silk Gauzes into Foreign Parts as is allowed upon the Exportation of Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill' to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, be-\ fore Payment of the Duties of Excise, is committed;

1 That they have Power to receive a Clause pursuant to

' the said Resolution.

>itto. The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for *c granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown " Silk imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead €i exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the " Seas, and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Act

Diittes on Salt, was committed; b6 Yeeeiv^d Tomorrow Moriiittg.

UetoMd, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Patent ing, I'eSolve itself into a Committee of the whole Medicine House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty- lcences% third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a " Statnp Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain " Persons Uttering or vending Medicines; and certain " Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Li-a cenrces, or under the Authority of His Majesty’s <c Letters Patent."

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Hawker^&c. Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, was committed, be received Tomorrow Moaning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Duties on ing, resolve itself into a Committee ot‘ the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar’Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation* of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Plate Glass ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Manufacture. House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to in-€< corporate certain Persons therein named, and their " Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of " establishing One or more Glass Manufactories within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the " more effectually supporting and conducting the " same upon an improved Plan, in a peculiar Man*

" ner, calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass; " for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes,4 and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company shall be

then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6* die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785. raters.

The other Orders of the Day being read; upply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of alt. the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the

Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts, for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Herrings i from The Isle of Man, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and for indemnifying Persons who have been r guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the

Vox,. 40.

A PETITION of the Shopkeepers in the Towi* Hawkers of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and Pedlars, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners, patiently bearing the numerous Taxes in common with their Fellow Subjects, now labour under a new and particular Impost, which, under the present Circumstances, whilst it materially' affects the opulent, will severely distress the middling, and reduce to Ruin the inferior, Class of Tradesmen; and that, during the Progress of this Tax in the House, His Majesty’s Minister held forth some Alleviation of that rigorous Burthen, by declaring his Intention to annihilate the Hawkers and Pedlars, a

1

1128

6° Julii.

A. 1785.

' Body of Men not more pernicious to the fair Trader, than destructive to His Majesty’s Revenues, and, under such Expectations, the Petitioners remained silent; but finding themselves deceived, they submit the Protection of their Trade to the Wisdom and Justice of the House: And, as the most effectual Mode of enabling them to pay this great additional Tax, and of securing their present Property, therefore praying, That the Acts of Parliament for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Lottery, Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mail Exemption from Toll.

An ingrossed Bill to exempt Carriages carrying the Mail from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to exempt Carriages carrying the Mail from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duties on A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Bricks, &c. Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made " in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on " Bricks and Tiles imported into the same," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for providing a Reward to Hemy Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the Destruction of Insects, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to authorize the Lord Chamberlain, the Lord Steward of the Houshold, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in Jowv and indigent Circumstances, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

American A Bill for appointing Commissioners further to en-Loyaliita. quire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in

Phillips' Insect destroying Powder.

King's Bounty to the Indigent.

America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties Supply!®; on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, Allonutt and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bflj Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jei'sey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Draw back on the Exportation of Glauber or* Epsom Salts, for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Alan, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendmeitts,'in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ElccH«&-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to limit the Duration of ScruUnk Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places, within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Johnston took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Johnston reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Johnston accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Supply Bill; Hawkers,&c

25 Geo. III. & Julii* 9

the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Report was read. Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the; said

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committed Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be had made to the said Clause, and which they had di* sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House. rected him to report to the House; and he read the

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Leeds, in the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are sensible that the Exigencies of the State are such as to require new Taxes, but that the Tax imposed on Retail Shops is, in many Instances, very burthensome, and the only Alleviation the Petitioners can point out to themselves, in the present Case, is a Repeal of the several Acts for granting Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars; the Petitioners, therefore, rely on the Wisdom of Parliament for a Repeal of those Acts, and that a Prohibitory Act may be passed to prevent those itinerant Traders from carrying on their Traffic, so very prejudicial to the fair Resident Tradesman, who is so heavily burthened with Parochial and other Taxes, and the Petitioners are sensible that the Hawkers and Pedlars are very prejudicial to the Revenue of this Kingdom, by the illicit Trade they carry on, and are a Nuisance to the Community at large by their frequent Impositions, and therefore hope that the Idea which was held forth when the Shop Tax was first proposed, of abolishing all itinerant Traders, will not be abandoned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tablq.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the . Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for inflicting Penalties on Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, or other Trading Persons, vending their Goods in any County, City, Town, or Place, contrary to the Provisions of this Act.

And the said Clause w as Twice read with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with the Words " the like Penalties as is by this Act inflicted on Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen, " or other Trading Persons, travelling without License;"

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vo 1. 40.

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upo* the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hou$^ and the said Clause was added by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duties on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Silks, &c. to consider further of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk itin " ported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported u from Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas*

" and for allowing a Drawback upon the Export " tation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk," be no* read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Duty on Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Burials, jesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials,

<c Marriages, Births, and Christenings," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive, the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To*morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Patent to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Medicine to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year Licenses, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on i( Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering t( or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp Duties <c on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or under " the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Duties on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, s> Ct 13 H up

b\

1

Turpentine

Manufac-

tories.

Admiralty Court, Scotland.%

Mate Glass iM anufac-ture.

60

— 7

upon the Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Floi'ence Wine and Oil is imports!; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Ama'ica; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine, for extending the Provisions of the said Act, so amended, to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England\ and for indemnifying ! the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potter's Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act, and for excepting, for a limited Time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, which, before the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, was styled The High Court of Admiralty of Scotland and for discharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Ships, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, 41 An Act to incor-41 porate certain Persons therein named, and their " Successors, with proper Powers for the Purpose of " establishing oue or more Glass Manufactories with-u in the Kingdom of Great Britain, and for the more " effectually supporting and conducting the same upon u an improved Plan, in a peculiar Manner, calcu-41 lated for the casting of large Plate Glass;" for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable

Juliu A. 1785.

on the Plate Glass cast by the said Company shall be charged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 7° die Julii;

Anno 25® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

MR. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Turpentine the Committee of the whole House, to whom Manofcc-the Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in the torlcs* Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine, for extending the Provisions of the said Act, so amended, to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England’ and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potter s Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act, and for excepting, for a limited Time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Admiralty Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for s^and regulating the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, which, before the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, was styled The High Court of Admiralty of Scotland, and for discharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Ships, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Beaufoy presented to the House, according to British Order, a Bill for the further Encouragement of the Fisheries. British Fisheries: And the same w as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- Exportin, men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Tools, &c Bill to prohibit the Exportation of certain Tools,

Utensils,

25 Geo. III. 7°

Utensils, and Materials used in the Iron Manufactory, That-they do make Provision in the said Bill to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of 'fools and Utensils made Use of in the Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

sporting Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or-008*der, a Bill to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

Burials °& ^r- Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

ur 8> &c* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp " Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, " and Christenings," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Stamp Duty of Three Pence be charged upon the Entry of any Burial, Marriage, Birth, or Christening, in the Registers kept by Protestant Dissenters.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Gilbert do do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Duties on Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the 1 s, Ate. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ci An Act for granting additional Duties upon Raw and Thrown Silk " imported into Great Britain, and upon Lead exported from Great Britain into Parts beyond the " Seas, and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk," the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the Duties upon Raw Silk imported, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, be allowed upon the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Parts of Europe.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff'; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Vol. 40.

Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Patent to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Medicine to consider of an Act made in the Twenty-third Year Dances, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on " Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines; and certain Stamp Duties " on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or under " the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House King's to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bounty to upon the Bill to authorize the Lord Chamberlain, the the Indigent. Lord Steward of the Houshold, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ,*

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, accordlhg to Order, resolved itself into a Duties on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to ex- Bricks, Sec. plain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates " and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

113a 7° — 8e . J. 1785.

Duties on Tobacco.

Phillips*

Insect

destroying

Powder.

Macnight's, &c. Claims.

Supply Rill j Attornies.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing a Reward to Henry Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the Destruction of Insects.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Tuesday last, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of Thomas Macnight, James Parker, and William McCormick, in Behalf themselves and the Heirs of their deceased Partner William Aitchison, Owners of the Ship Belville and Brigantine Betsey, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That an humble Address be presented His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of £. 7,105 to be advanced to Mr. Thomas Macnight, James Parker, and William McCormick, as a Compensation for the Losses they sustained by the Captures of the Ship Belville and Brigantine Betsey, in the Years 1775 and 1776, under the Provisions of the Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies therein mentioned; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

J3ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising Adjourn.

of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday meat. Morning next.

A Bill for the further Encouragement of the British British Fisheries, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Phillips’ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Instct providing a Reward to Henry Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of ° the Composition of his Powder for the Destruction of Insects, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Duties the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Flasks’k to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Jurisdiction of Admiralty the Court of Admiralty, which, before the Treaty Court of of Union between the Two Kingdoms, was styled Sco^ The High Court of Admiralty of Scotland, and for discharging and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to the Judge of the said Court, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Ships, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the Jurisdiction of the Court of Admiralty, which before the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, was styled The 2 High

King's Bounty to the Indigent

Duties on Bricks, &c.

Patent

Medicine

Licences.

25 Geo. III. 8° Julii. 1133

High Court of Admiralty of Scotland, and for discharging or vended in Great Britain> there shall be charged a and abolishing the Payment of Fees and Perquisites to Stamp Duty according to the Rates following; that the Judge of the said Court, and for granting a Salary to is to say; Where the Contents of any such Packet, the said Judge in lieu thereof, and for the Punishment Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, shall of Persons destroying Ships. not exceed the Price or Value of One Shilling, there

Ordered, That Sir Adam Fergusson do carry the Bill shall be charged a Stamp Duty of One Penny Half-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. penny; and where the Contents of any such Packet,

Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, aforesaid, shall Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the exceed the Price or Value of One Shilling, and not Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exceed the Price or Value of Two Shillings and Six authorize the Lord Chamberlain, the Lord Steward of Pence, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three the Houshold, the Master of the Horse, the Master of Pence; and where the Contents of any such Packet, Box, the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, aforesaid, shall be above to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in the Price or Value of Ttvo Shillings and Six Pence, and low and indigent Circumstances, was committed, the under the Price or Value of Five Shillings, there shall Amendments which the Committee had made to the he charged a Stamp Duty of Six Pence; and where the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Contents of any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Inclosure, aforesaid, shall be of the Price or Value cff afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Five Shillings, or upwards, there shall be charged a Stamp at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once Duty of One Shilling.

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were That every Person in Great Britain, uttering or vend-agreed to by the House. ing any Drugs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Powders, or other Preparations, or Compositions what-ingrossed. soever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, ex-

ternally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments,

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder or Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Complaint incident to, or in anywise affecting, the explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty- Human Body, shall Annually take out a Licence for that fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Purpose.

tituled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty cer- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" tain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made That for and upon every Licence so taken out by any " in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties such Person who shall reside within the Cities of London " on Bricks and Tiles imported into the same," was or Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, or within the committed, the Amendments which the Committee Limits of the Penny Post, or within the City of Edinburgh, had. made to the Bill, and which they had directed him there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings, to report to the House; and he read the Report in and for and upon every Licence so taken out by any his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the other such Person, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Five Shillings.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then The said Resolutions being severally read a Second a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the agreed to by the House.

House. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of ingrossed. the Exchequer, Mr. Buller, the Marquis of Graham,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Aubrey, Mr. Attorney Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same, referred to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- A Bill to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts Exporting

tituled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty a of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel To°ls> &c*

" Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by cer- Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the se-

" tain Persons uttering or vending Medicines; and ducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those

" certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas, was read

" such Licences, or under the Authority of His Ma- a Second Time.

" jesty’s Letters Patent," the Resolutions which the Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Committee bad directed him to report to the House; Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

w'hich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in of the whole House.

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-are as followeth; viz, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House, upon the said Bill.

That the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on An ingrossed Bill for reducing the Allowances for Supply Bill; Licences to vend Medicines, and on all Medicines sold Waste on Salt and Rock Salt, for regulating the Ex- Salt, under such Licences, or under the Authority of His portation of Salt to Jet'sey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Majesty’s Letters Patent, do cease, determine, and be no Sark, lor repealing the Laws allowing the Use of longer paid. Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts, for That for and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for or other Inclosure, containing any Drugs, Oils, Wa- regulating the Exportation ol Herrings from The ters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Prepa- Isle of Man, for better securing the Duties on Salt, ration or Composition whatsoever, used or applied, or and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medi- of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties cines or Medicaments, for the Prevention, Cure, or Re- on Salt, was read the Third Time. lief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to, or in any- Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title wise affecting, the Human Body, which shall be uttered be, An Act for reducing the Allowances for Waste oo Vol.AO. 13 I Salt

tr

Accounts

referred.

Supply Bill

Hawkers,

kr.

Turpentine

Alanufuc-

tories.

1134

8" — ti ° Jutii. A. 1785.

Salt and Rock Salt, fot* regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey\ Alderney, and Sark, for re* pealing the Laws allowing the Use of Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts, for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from The Isle of Man, for better securing the Duties on Salt, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the several Accounts which were presented to the House by Mr. Alcoch, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, upon Monday last, be referred to the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now/’ and, at the End of the Question, to add the Words " upon Monday " Morning next"

And the Question being put, That the Word "now" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon Monday Morning next" be added at the End of the Question;

It w as resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put:

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine, for extending the Provisions of the said Act, so amended, to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potters Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act, and for excepting, for a limited Time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. j. 1. 2b. To leave out from " of" to " and" in Line 29, and insert " Six Calendar Months" instead thereof.

Anri the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and I lest minster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine, for extending the

Provisions of the said Act, so alnended, to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potter's Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to um der the said Act, and for excepting, for a limited Time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton do carter the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply Bilb ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Li- 1 nens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Commis-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling couun£# Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- American ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the loyalists, whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Elections — the whole House, to whom the Bill to limit the Du- Polls and ration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Scrutimes-Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Bencick upon Tweed; and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

LuncCy 11* die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii III1* Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

MR. Rose presented to the House, according to Duty on

Order, a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Burials, &c. Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings, of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Exporting to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tool*,&c. upon the Bill to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign b Parts

fond

1

Supply Bill

Printed

Linens

Phillips'

Insect-

destroying

Powder.

Beaumaris

Writ.

King's Bounty to the Indigeqt.

25 Geo. III.

110 Julii.

ii35

Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; .

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velvercts, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Studs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, hi Foreign Parts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

by His Majesty to Persons in low rind indigent Circumstances.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in Duties on which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of W’heat, and other Articles, to His Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; and for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tl>at the Title be, An Act to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend, so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for reviving and continuing the Premiums upon the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, from East Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of Silk Gauzes, and a Drawback upon the Exportation of Raw Silk.

Ordend, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingTossed Bill for providing a Reward to Henry Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the Destruction of Insects, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for providing a Reward to Henry Phillips, on his making a proper Discovery, for the Use of the Public, of the Composition of his Powder for the Destruction of Insects.

Ordered, That Mr. Courtenay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County* of Anglesey, in the room of the Honourable Hugh Fortescue, now Lord Fortescue, called up to the House of Peers.

An ingrossed Bill to authorize the Lord Chamberlain, the Lord Steward of the Houshold, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in low' and indigent Circumstances, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize the Lord Steward of the Houshold, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted

Vol. 40.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Elections- further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to limit the crutimts* Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Watesy and for Bencick upon Tweed; and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament, was conn mitted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time,

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging Returning Officers to attend a certain Time every Day during a Poll.

And the said Clause was Tw ice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, for requiring Returning Officers to make distinct Divisions, for the Purpose of taking the Poll.

And the Question being pul, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that no Person shall qualify himself to vote, by virtue of any Franchise, after a certain Time.

And the Question being proposed, That the said Clause be brought up;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then

ii36

Then the Questiott being put, That the said Clause be brought up $

It passed in the Negative*

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing all Persons having the Distribution of Alms and Charity to keep a Book of Account, with the Names of the Persons receiving it, and to produce such Books upon Demand, and give Copies of the same.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir James \ , n

tellers for the ieaa,|Mr> / 10,

Tellers for the Noes,|^j£ ^Beaufoy: . } a6-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for punishing Returning Officers, by Indictment or Information, for wilfully offending against this Act, and taking away the Noli Pi'osequi or Cessat Processus.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving an Action against Returning Officers, after the Determination of the Select Committee appointed to try the Merits of the Election, that they have delayed or neglected to make a due Return.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill respecting the Election of Knights of the Shire for the County of Southampton.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that where a Scrutiny is not finished at the Return of the Writ, the Returning Officer shall make a Return of the Person having the greatest Number of Votes at the Close of the Poll.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring, that nothing in the Act shall be construed to extend to, or to affect, any Proceedings had, or hereafter to be had, relating to the last Election for the City of Westminster.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Folio 6, Line 2, by inserting after the Word Streets" the Words and Parishes."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Folio 6, Line 2, by inserting after the Word Street" the Words and, if such Person shall "‘claim to vote by a Burgess-Copy, or Certificate of Freedom, that I am the identical Person named " and described in the Burgess-Copy, or Certificate of Freedom, now by me delivered in, and by which I 44 claim to vote."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

A. 1785.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Folio 6, Line 11, by leaving out from the Word all" to the Word were," and inserting the Words Scrutinies as aforesaid" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words pro* posed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.'

0

An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending an Act, I

made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An 44 Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Sllver

44 Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also, certaifi I

44 Duties on all Gold and Siver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain," was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 10. To leave out June" and insert

44 July " instead thereof.

Pr. 5. 1. 36. To leave out June* and insert

44 July" instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 9. To leave out June " and insert

44 July" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were; upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the 'Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also, certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in

44 Great Britain."

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply Bill; Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Auomie, whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Ma-^c* jesty certain Duties on Certificates, to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-British ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Fisheries. House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to His SupplyBiH; Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Hawked Petty Chapmen, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Commit Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ers of whole House, upon the Bill for appointing and enabling AfcoaflU' Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the

Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday America Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in Amei'ica, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

tib Julii.

25 Geo. III.

Duty on burials, Ac

British

Fisheries.

Payment by the Bank.

Pilchard

Fishery.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund, &c.

Mail Exemption from Toll.

12° Julii* 1137

Mattis, IT die Juliii

Act for granting: to His Majesty a, certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Anno 25* Georgii IIIdi Regis, 1785. Praters.

A BILL to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings to the Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That {hey had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one; without any Amendment: And

also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting »to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing . certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to exempt Carriages carrying the Mail from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Vol. 40.

An ingKossed Bill to explain and amend an Act Duties on made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of Brick8>&*-His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting " to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks " and Tiles juacie in Great Britain, and f<?r laying " additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into.

" the same," was, read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the BiR;

Pr. 4. 1. 34. To leave out from <c Pounds " tp " And " in Pr. 5. 1. 23,

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon*, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended* at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled* " An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made in Great Britain, and foe laying additional Duties on Bricks and T^es imported into " the same."

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr. Gilbei't, according to Order, reported from the Exporting Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron apd Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and tp prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in fooise Manufactures to gQ into Parts beyond the Seas, was, committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Repprt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at foe Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to bX the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill j Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Bflnted for repealing the Duties of Linens to be printed, meQ,‘ painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Foreign Parts, was committed, the Amendments which the Commits tee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with foe Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a /Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with foe Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers of the County- Hawker*

Town of Cardigan, and its Vicinity, was presented and Pedlars, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the 13 K Petitioners,

1138

12° J

A* 1785.

Petitioners, although bending under die Weight of accumulated Taxes, forebore to increase the Number of Petitions presented to the House in Opposition to the Shop Tax Bill, under the Idea arising from an express Declaration, that, in Compensation to the settled TVader, every Species of Hawkers and Pedlars would be suppressed; but the Petitioners are greatly concerned to find their well-founded Expectations likely to be frustrated by a Bill now depending in the House, for permitting those itinerant Traders under additional Duties, and therefore beg Leave to represent, that, while such Permission, under whatever Restriction, exists, the Hawker and Pedlar will necessarily continue to derive considerable and many unfair Advantages over the settled Trader, from his unfixed Mode of Traffic, and that, while the Petitioners are obliged, by their Situation, to pay numerous and heavy Parish Rates, and other local Taxes, to discharge troublesome Parochial Offices, to vend their Goods, at a very moderate Profit, on long Credit, and to sustain frequent and weighty Losses from fraudulent Customers, the itinerant Dealer is generally subject to none of those Inconveniences, few of that Description having any fixed Place of Residence, they aVe^ consequently free from Parochial Rates and Offices, their Advertisements draw in the Customers of the resident Trader, who purchase of them, for ready Money, Goods which might be bought in fixed Shops on Credit, and equal Terms, not to mention the Facility with which Hawkers dispose of contraband Goods, encouraged by the almost Impossibility of detecting them, from the short Continuance of their Abode in any one Place; and that the Petitioners are far from wishing to deprive any Description of honest Men of the Means of subsisting, but they are of Opinion, that, were Hawkers and Pedlars Licences totally abolished, the present travelling Traders would be induced to establish Shops, and share with other Shopkeepers their Advantages and Inconveniences: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; and for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or* der, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences, to be taken out by certain Persona 14 uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, 44 or under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Allowance to An ingrossed Bill to declare that Brewers, selling Brewers, &c. Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask containing Four Gallons and a Half, shall not be eutided to any Allowance, out of the Duties of Excise, for Waste or Leakage; and for making Allowances to Distillers of

Duty on Tea, &c.

Patent

Medicine

'Licences.

Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain* in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for ascertaining the Rules to be observed by Persons claiming the Allowance.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Eill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 3. To leave out from "Grain" to the End of Line 4.

L 21. To leave out from " for* to " shall," in Pr. 7. 1. 6, and insert " the Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them,

44 in Cases where the said Duties were charged within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to pay out of the Mo- ney in their Hands, arising by the Duties by the said Act grant- ed, unto such Distiller or Dis- tillers, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Twenty- two Pounds Sterling for every Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt, Corn, or Grain, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity; and also for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them,

44 in Cases where the said Duties were charged within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, to pay out of the Money in their Hands, arising by the said Duties, unto such Distiller or Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding a rateable Proportion of Twenty-two Pounds Sterling for every Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt, Corn, or Grain, according to the Duties charged thereon in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and also,

44 that it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County,

44 Riding, Division, or Place, m 44 England and Scotland respective- ly, within which such Duties were charged, in Cases where the said Duties were charged . 44 out of the said respective Li- mits, to order the Collector of the said Duties to pay, out of the Money in his Hands, arising by the Duties by the said Act granted, unto such Distiller or Distillers, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Twenty- two Pounds Sterling for every Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons of Spirits made from Malt, Com, or Grain, and in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ and in 44 a rateable Proportion of Twen- ty-two Pounds for every Two hundred

25 Geo. III. I4° — 13" Julii.

1139

u hundred and Fifty-two Gallons " of Spirits made from Malt, " Corn, or Grain, according to i€ the Duties charged thereon, in " that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, according to the respective Stock of such Distiller " or Distillers, as the same was " taken by the Officers of Excise " respectively, who surveyed the " several and respective Malt Dis- " tillers, between the Twenty-second Day of October, in the Year u One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-four, and the Com-tg mencement of the said Act; and " if the said Collector/’ instead thereof*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to declare that Brewers, selling Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask containing Four Gallons and a Half, shall not be entitled to any Allowance, out of the Duties of Excise, for Waste or Leakage; and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Com, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duties on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Tobacco. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Hawkers. Reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling Hawkers and Pedlars to set up Trades in Cities and Corporate Towns, without having served an Apprenticeship.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read the Third Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for enabling the same Persons to set up Trades, notwithstanding the y have not served Apprenticeships to such Trades, and that they shall not be removeable from a Parish or Place till they become actually chargeable.

And a Motion being made, That the said Clause be brought up;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

American Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Loyalists. Account of the Amount of the Losses incurred by any Persons from any Proceedings under the Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with certain Colonies therein mentioned, which haves been proved

Vol. 40.

before the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and which have been laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock,

Mercurii, 13° die Julii;

Anno 250 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1785*

Prayers.

f\RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Bridgewater rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wr*t.

Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, in the room of the Honourable Anne Poulett, deceased.

A Bill for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Duties on Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for Tca*&c* granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; and for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Patent Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Medicine " An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty lccnces* u on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons " uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp " Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or " under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, according to Order, British reported from the Committee of the whole House, to Fisheries* whom the Bill for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second. Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The

f 140

13 — 14°

Julii.

Plat© Glass The* CfriSJr Afr &£ Day being read', fot the House to lanufacture* ltSlf. lififo a Committee of the whole House,

to cons^e} further of the Bill for repealing Part of $ Act, jttadS iri T the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Heigh, intituled, "An Act jto in* " corporate certain Persons therein named, and their M Successors, with proper Powers, for the Purpose of " establishing one or more Glass Manufactories within the l&ngdom of Great Britain, and for the more " e&Ctiially Supporting and conducting the same " upon an improved Plan, iri a peculiar Manner, calculated for the casting of large Plate Glass;" for making more effectual Provision for the said Purposes, and for ascertaining the Time when the Duties payable on the Plate Glass, cast by the said Company shall be charged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Duty on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Burials, Ac. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon thfi Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made if) the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for. granting to.His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of, Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, to,th£. Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Com-

I.;

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Ir. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, arid made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when tire House will please to receive the same.

~ Ordered, Phat the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A. 178J,

Duties on Tobacco.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Commission-, Ordered\ That the Order of the Day, for the House

Ac ounUbllC *° reso*ve ?tse^ ^n,to a Committee of the whole House, ccoun s. Upon ^e Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

tMr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to

report, when the Housd wifi ptease to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sopply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Attoraie,« upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain&c* Duties on Certificates, to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order beirfg read accordingly;

The House resolved itself irito the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill, now ingrossed, to limit the Duration of Polls atad Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being iriade of Members to serve in Parliament, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday America Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Lo^Lst1, whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in Afnericay ill coriseqtieftde of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Motion, made Supply Bill: Yesterday, for bringing up an ingrossed Clause, then Hawkfn,fc. offered to be added by Way of Ryder, to the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Mofning.

And theh the House adjourned till To-mOrrovr Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 14* die Julii;

Anno 250 Georgii TIP11 Regis, 1785.

Pra YETIS.

M R. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, ap- British pointed to enquire into the State of the British Fished Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, and to report the same from Time to Time, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the ’Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and 2 afterwards


Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Duty on Burials, &c.

British

Fisheries.

Exporting

Tools,

25 Geo. III. 14° Juliu 1141

afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is tfith the Original.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Dill for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for directing the said Commissioners to revise such Parts of their Seventh Report as relates to the Expenditure of the Army in North America, during the Command of Sir Henry Clinton, and to admit such authentic Documents as shall be produced by him, or others, tending to explain the Reasons of the Increase of the Army Extraordinaries during that Period, as also the Orders given, or Measures taken, by him, to prevent the same.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaufoy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils, made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron Vol. 40.

and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on supply Bill; Linens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Printed Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Linens. Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians,

Velvets, and Velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, paint- ed, or dyed, in Foreign Parts, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Foreign Parts.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their American Order, Loyalists.

An Account of the Amount of the Losses incurred by any Persons from any Proceedings under the Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with certain Colonies therein mentioned, which have been proved before the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and which have been laid before the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Patent to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Medicine upon the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twen- ifences* ty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a " Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain " Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain " Stamp Duties on all Medicines, sold under such u Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty’s " Letters Patent," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.1

13 L Order'od,

Westminster, tec. Police, &c.

Navy, &c. Bills.

Supply Bill; Hawkers,&c.

114® 14° A. 1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Sums which have been paid by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury on Account of the Police of Westminster and Middlesex, anti the Apprehending and Prosecution of Felohs, for the last Ten Years; distinguishing the Amount of each Year, and the distinct Purposes to which the said Money has been applied.

Ordered, That Leave be giveit to bring in a Pill for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Motion made upon Tuesday last, for bringing up an ingrossed Clause, then offered to be added, by Way of Ryder, to the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the said ingrossed Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that the Act shall not extend to prohibit the Persons enumerated and exempted in the Act of the Ninth and Tenth of King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that nothing in this or any other Act contained, relative to Hawkers and Pedlars, shall extend to Wholesale Dealers.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1, 20. To leave out " Fifteenth Day of

" July" and insert " First Day of " August" instead thereof.

Pr- 3- 1* 34- To leave out " Fifteenth Day of " July" and insert " First Day of " August " instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1. 32. To leave out " Fifteenth Day of

iC July" and insert " First Day of €C August" instead thereof.

Pr. 6. 1. 19,] To leave out " Fifteenth Day of

& > " July " and insert <c First Day of

20.J a August" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 9. 1. 28. by inserting after the Word u from" the Words " the Middle of the most central Market Place, by the usual or most common " Road of."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellen, for the Yew, {"j; gfS: } «

Teller, for*. Noe, { }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f The Marquis of j

Tellers for the Yeas, Graham, I 42.

[ Mr. Popham: J

Tellen, for .1* Noes, { {ft gX? J *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speakery

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An King’s Act to authorize the Lord Steward of the Household, Bounty to the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the the IndiSeDt‘ Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Turpentine to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Four- M"ufac* teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for tonei* the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates to Manufactories of Turpentine; for extending the Provisions of the said Act so amended to Manufactories of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potters Fields, in die Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act, and for excepting, for a limited Time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions therein contained; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply Bill; Act for reducing the Allowances for Waste on SaltSalu and Rock Salt, for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of Foul Salt for Manure only, for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts, for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from The Isle of Man; for better securing the Duties on Salt, and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt: without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Elections — thereunto subscribed, Electors of the City and Liberty p°l,s and of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and other ScrutlQitt* Electors of the said City and Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are advised that the said Bill hath a direct Tendency to establish the Legality of the High Bailiff’s Conduct in continuing a Scrutiny upon the late Election of Members for the City of Westmbister for many Months after the Return of the Writ, and consequently to

deprive

Elections-Polla and Scrutinies.

GEb. III.

i 4° J

1143

deprive the Electors of the said City, or their Representatives, of that further Redress which they conceive the Law, as it now stands, would indisputably afford them; and that even admitting the Law at present to be defective, which the Petitioners utterly deny, the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend that no competent Provision is made to guard against similar Evils arising in the Execution of Writs upon a General Election in future; and, that the said Bill doth also contain Clauses which will inevitably increase, in a very dangerous Degree, the Powers of Returning Officers at popular Elections, and enable them, should they be so inclined, to exercise, with Impunity, a corrupt Partiality in making their Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And therefore praying, That a Business of so much Moment, and so peculiarly interesting to the Petitioners, may not, at this late Period of the Sessions, be decided upon; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel* against the said Bill being passed into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be at Liberty to be then heard, by their Counsel, in Support of their said Petition, against the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the ^Question, by leaving out the Words " and that the " Petitioners be at Liberty to be then heard, by their %l Counsel, in Support of their said Petition, against the " said Bill/’

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle* for be Ym } «

(Mr. William JVyndham 1 Grenville, > 55.

Mr. Banhes: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered^ That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That nothing therein contained shall extend to Places where particular Regulations, touching the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, are enacted by Statute.

And the said Clause was Tw ice read, and amended. And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that on a Scrutiny, the Returning Officer shall decide the Votes of the different Parties alternately.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, that no Returning Officer shall be impowered to grant a Scrutiny any longer than he shall be impowered by Law Vol. 40,

to act judicially, and not merely officially or ministerially, in taking a Poll.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas lThe Ij0rd 1

leiiers lor the Yeas, |sir 3'

I Mr. William Wyndham j Grenville) > 46.

Mr. Mainwaring: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added tb the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for impowering Returning Officers to make Divisions, and appoint Poll Clerks fot taking the Poll.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for keeping Books, containing the Names of Persons receiving Alms or Charity in Places sending Members to Parliament, and making Copies thereof Evidence at Polls and Scrutinies.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And the Question being put* That the said Clause be read the Third Time 5 The house divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, |

’ fSir James Erskim: J

Tellers for the Noes, H } 45-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That nothing therein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any Proceedings commenced, or hereafter to be commenced, respecting the last Election for the City of Westminster.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Clause be brought up-

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Time of Prosecutions under this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. I. l. To leave out the Preamble of the Bill, and insert " For the better " Regulation of Polls and Scru-u tinies, instead thereof.

Pr. 5. 1. 1. To leave out from " received " to 41 And" ini. 8,

Pr. 6. 1. 2. To leave out " First," and insert " before he is admitted to poll" instead thereof.

1. 27. To leave out the Preamble of the Clause beginning in this Line.

1. ult. To leave out " therefore."

Pr. 7. 1. 13. To leave out " Poll or."

I.14. After K Scrutiny" to insert u which ic shall have been granted as " aforesaid."

1. 18. To leave but " claiming or."

1. 19. To leave out " claimed to vote,"

and

B

Duties on Tea, U c.

Adjourn-

ment.

Navy, &c. Bills.

Patent

Medicine

Licences.

"44 H* — IS° Julii. A. 1785.

schd insert u voted" instead thereof.

1. 23. To leave out " Poll or."

Pr, 8. 1. 10. After "Voter" to insert " and his " Addition, Profession, or Trade."

Pr. 10.1.32. After "any" to insert "and which " of the."

1. 34* To leave out " or is or are duly " elected."

Pr. 12.1. 27. To leave out from " only" to the End of line 34.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; and for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

" ing or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or " under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters Patent," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Doty nn to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tca»&c< upon the Bill for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; and for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Pou’er to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for better securing the Duties on Candles.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Veneris, 15* die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIItil Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

DESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That tfre said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing and enabling Com- Comrais-missioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, was read the Third ^count*. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, Duty on made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Burials, k Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings, of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on " Licences to be taken out by certain Persons utter-

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Duty ot Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Tobacco, better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report 6 iQ

W

Supply B: Attornies, Sic.

American

Loyalists.

25 Geo. III. 150 — 180 — 19 1145

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

sentions in America, m consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the JBritish~ Government

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

ill; Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty jpertain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for inflicting a Penalty on Attornies, &c. who shall act for Defendants, unless a stamped Warrant to defend is filed, according to the Directions of this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank. And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with the Words " Fifty Pounds

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ' the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the said Clause was added by the House to the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Lunce, 18° die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1785. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, " the Clock.

Mr. „

were Forty Mem"

c bers not pre- Mr. sent.

till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties and Professions, during the late unhappy Dis-Vol. 40.

Martis, 19° die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP* Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

MR. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the several Sums which have been paid by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, on Account of the Police of Westminster and Middlesex, and the Apprehending and Prosecution of Felons, for the last Ten Years, distinguishing the Amount of each Year, and the distinct Purposes to which the said Money has been applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Westminster, Ac. Police.

The House being informed that Mr. Daw, from the Office of One of His Majesty's Principal Secre-ries of State, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Rutland, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to Lord Sydney, dated Dublin Castle, 13th July 1785; inclosing,

N° 2. An Account of all Articles of Irish Consumption charged in Ireland with a Duty on the Material at Importation, and stating and distinguishing the Duty of the imported Material.

N° 3. An Account of all Articles of Irish Consumption charged in Ireland with an Internal Duty on the Manufacture or Material, stating the several Duties, so far as they dome under the Inspection of the Examinator of Excise.

N° 4. An Account of all Articles of Irish Con-' sumption charged in Ireland with an Internal Duty on the Manufacture or Material, stating the several Duties, so far as they come under the Inspection of the Stamp Master of Cards and Dice in the Port of Dublin.

N° 5. An Account of the Internal Duty charged 13 M >n

Accounts respecting Irish Trade.

_JoogIe

Seamen.

Navy, 4c. Bills.

Patent Medicine Licences.

Duty on Tea, &c.

1146 190 JuliL 1785.

in Ireland on the Manufactory of Wrought in lieu thereof; for repealing so touch of several Acts Plate. a* relates ta the Removal of Tea; and for directing

Toget her with a List of the said Paper and Accounts, the Officers of Excise to examine and certify tile Ex*

And then he withdrew. portation of Exciseabte Commodities, was committed;,

And the said List was read. be now received.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts do lie Mr. Gilbei't accordingly reported from the said upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Committee, the Amendments which the Committee House. had made to the Bill, and which they had directed

The said Paper and Accounts are preserved hftn to report to the House; and he read the Report amongst the other Papers of this Session. in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Sir James Johnstone presented to the House, accord- the . Amendments were Once read throughout; and ing to Order, a Bill more effectually to supply with then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Seamen His Majesty’s Ships of War when Occasion Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by shall require, and to encourage Men, under certain the House*

Regulations and Bounties, voluntarily to engage them- Ordered\ That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be

selves for that Service whenever they shall be duly ingroesed. called forth: And the same was received; and read

the First Time. Ordered, That such Number of Copies of the Accounts to

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Paper and Accounts, which were this Day presented be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. to the House by Mr. Daw, from the Office of One of

His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, be print-Resolved\ That this House will, immediately, re- ed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the House, upon the Bill for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victual- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. ling, and Transport Bills. Montagu:

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Mr. Speaker,

Committee. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duties on

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the Gold and Sil.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for ver Plat*.

Committee. " granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. " and Silver Plate imported; and also certain Duties

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Com- " on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in mittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and " Great Britainwithout any Amendment: And made an Amendment thereunto; which they had di- also,

rected him to report, when the House will please to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duty on receive the same. Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty- Bricks, 4c.

Ottered, That the Report be now received. fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-

The Marquis of Graham accordingly reported from* tituled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty cer-the said Committee, the Amendment which the Com- " tain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and Tiles made mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had di- " in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties rected him to report to the House; and he read the " on Bricks*and Tiles imported into the same," without Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the; any Amendment: And also,

Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Duties on

Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon Act to* repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Flwence Flanks, the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importa1-Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be tion of Wines in smalli ('asks for private Use; to re-ingrossed. vive, continue, and amend so nnich of an Act, made

in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as al-An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in lows the Exportation of certain Quantities; of Wheat, the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies;

" Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Majesty a Stamp Duty on Licences to be taken out portation of Snuff; for continuing the Permission to u by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, land Rum or Spirits, of the British Su$tr Plantations,

" and certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold before Payment 06 thfe Dtities of Excise; for reviv-

" under such Licences, or under the Authority of ing and continuing the Premiums upon the Importa-

" His Majesty’s Letters Patent," and for granting other tion of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine from East Florida

.Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time. into Great Britain; for allowing a Bounty upon the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Exportation of Silk Gauzes, and a Drawback upon be, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty- the Exportation of Raw Silk; without any Amend-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- ment: And also,

tuled, " An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An " Duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Per- Act for the further Encouragement of the British nsheri " sons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Fisheries; without any Amendment: And also,

" Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An p " Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty’s Act to prohibit' the Exportation to Foreign Parts of joolsi " Letters Patent," and for granting other Duties in Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and^ lieu thereof. Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in Lords, and desire their Concurrence. those Manufactures to go into Phrts beyond the Seas;

without any Amendment: And also,

Ordered, That the Report 'from the Committee of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supr the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Act for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, Prin Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the last painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, imposed Line Session of Parliament, and for granting other ‘Duties by an Act* made in, the last Session of Parliament, and for

2iS Geo. III. 19°

Vt gniiitMg rther Duties in lieu flttprof, and on Cotton St tiffs. Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, wave in Great Britain, to be printed, sthined, painted, of dyfed, and upon the Irtfrportation of Linens, Ctitton Stuffe, MusHns, Fustians, Velvets/and Velverets, prihted, stained, painted, or dyed in Foreign Pints, without afiy Amendment.

And then the Messengers wfthdteW.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will noW proceed to take Attornies, into farther Consideration the Report from the Commituee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties oh Certificates , to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others,

practising in certain Courts of Justice itt Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, was committed.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-edrrimitted.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, at Half an Hour after Four of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Conference A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. with Lords.. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Conference on the 31st Day of Max) last.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Houshold; and that the Conference was to acquaint this House, that the Lords, having taken into their Consideration the Resolutions communicated to the Lords by this House at a Conference on the 31st Day of May last, relative to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, have concurred with the said Resolutions, with several Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also reported, That the Lords at the Conference delivered to the

Vol. 40,

Julii. 1147

Managers, to be communicated to this House, a printed Copy of the Evidence tk'keft before a Committee of the House of Lords, being a Committee of the whole Hou3e, to whom it was referred to consider the said Resolutions; and also, that the several Papers, communicated to the Lords by the Order of this House, at the said Conference on the 31st Day of May last, were returned to the Managers at this Conference.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Resolutions be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Resolutions, with the Amendments made thereto by the Lords, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the’ Bill, intituled,( An Poultry and Act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citi- Wood Street zeus of the City of London to pull down the Poult)y Compters, and Wood oireet Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City, for the Purpose of rebuilding the same; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order made this Day, for the House Supply Bill,* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Attornies, at Half an Hour after Foui\of the Clock this After- &c* noon, to consider further of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had. made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- ^merjcan ing, resolve itself info a Committee of the whole Loyalists? House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

And then the House' adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Ten of the Clock.

1148

20° Juliu

A. 1785.

Mercurii, 20* die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIItI1 Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

Royal Assent A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher to Bills. of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Osborne, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for providing a Compensation to the Clerks in the Offices of the Principal Secretaries of State, for the Advantages such Clerks enjoyed before the Commencement of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations concerning the Portage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post between Great Britain and Ireland.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Bricks and u Tiles made in Great Britain, and for laying additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles imported into " the same."

An Act to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence Wine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; for disallowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff; for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for reviving and continuing the Premiums upon the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine from East Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of Silk Gauzes, and a Drawback upon the Exportation of Raw Silk.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Linens to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, imposed by an Act, made in the last Session of Par-3

liament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and on Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets,x wove in Great Britain, to be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and upon the Importation of Linens, Cotton Stuffs, Muslins, Fustians, Velvets, and Velverets, printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Foreign Parts.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all " Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also certain " Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made " in Great Britain."

An Act for further postponing the Payment of the Sum of Two Millions advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one.

An Act to exempt Carriages carrying the Mail from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain.

An Act for reducing the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the Laws allowing the Use of Foul Salt fof Manure onfy; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts; for ,restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from The Isle of Man; for better securing the Duties on Salt; and l*or indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt

An Act to amend so much %of an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Places therein mentioned, as relates U) Manufactories of Turpentine; for extending the Provisions of the said Act so amended to Manufactories« of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England; and for indemnifying the Proprietor of a Turpentine Manufactory in Potters Fields, in the Borough of Southwark, against the Penalties he may be liable to under the said Act; and for excepting, for a limited Time, his said Manufactory from the Provisions herein contained.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards, taken, cured, and exported.

An Act to authorize the Lord Steward of the Houshold, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury, respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Time limited ^avT by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Bill.* Victualling, and Transport Bills, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

GeO. III.

20° Julii.

1149

poultry and The House proceeded to take, into Consideration the Wood Street Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Compters. An Act enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London to pull down the Poultry and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City, for the Purpose of re* building the same.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. I.19. After "kept" insert "And whereas the greater Part of the said " Prison called Wood Street Comp-% " ter, and several of the Offices

" thereto belonging, or used " therewith, and the Scite there-/ " of, are held, by the said Mayor,

" Commonalty, and Citizens of " London, of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of " Saint Paul in London, by virtue of and under a Lease " granted by them to the said " Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of November One " thousand Seven hundred and " Severity-seven, for the Term . " of Forty Years, which commenced at Michaelmas Day immediately preceding the Date " of the said Lease, and under a " Covenant therein contained, on " the Part of the said Mayor,

" Commonalty, and Citizens,

" and their Successors, for upholding the said Leasehold

u Dean and Chapter, and which " shall be taken down as aforesaid, now stand, One or more " good and substantial Messuage " or Messuages, of Brick pr " Stone, and completely finish " the same in a Workmanlike " Manner, so as to make the same " fit for Habitation, and which, " when finished, shall not be of " less Annual Value than the " Buildings so held of the said " Dean and Chapter, and which " shall be taken down as aforesaid, w'ere estimated* at, or " deemed to be w orth, at the " Time of granting the said " Lease thereof, by the said Dean " and Chapter as aforesaid; and " which said Messuages or Dwelling Houses, when built, shall be " subject to such and the like Covenants, on the Part of the said " Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, for repairing and upholding the same, as are contained in the said I.ease of and " concerning the said Premisses " so intended to be pulled or " taken down as aforesaid, any " Thing herein contained to the " contrary in anywise notwithstanding."

And the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their

" Premisses, and leaving the same Consent to the said Alterations;

Pr. 21. Pr. 23.

Pr. 25.

1.

3°*

8.

1

1. 15-1. 14-

Pr. 26. 1. 9-Pn 29. 1. 37-Clause (A).

in Tenantable Repair at the " Expiration of the said Term, " or other sooner Determination " of the said Lease."

Leave out " to."

After "Principal" insert " Money." After " Principal" insert " Money." Leave out " jury," and insert " Juror," and in the same Line leave out "Julies," and insert " Jurors."

After " whereas" insert " by."

After "Act" insert Clause (A).

" Provided always, and it is hereby " further Enacted and Declared, " That in case the said Mayor, " Aldermen, and Commons, of " the City of London} shall pull " down, or cause to be pulled " down, the said Gaol or Prison, " called Wood Street Compter, and " shall not erect and build, or " cause to be erected and built, " a new Gaol or Compter on the u Scite and Spot of Ground " wherGon the same now stands, " that then and in such Case the " said Mayor, Commonalty, and " Citizens of London shall and " will, within Two Years next

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duty imposed Duty on Tea. on Tea by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; and for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act, passed in the last Session* of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; for directing the , Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities; and for better securing the Duties on Candles.

Ordered, That Mr.. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Attornies,

" after the said Compter shall be for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Ccr- &c*

" so pulled down, at their owrn tificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and " Expence, Costs, and Charges, others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great " erect and build or cause to be Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, was rc-committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his 13 N Place;

erected and built, on the Ground " and Soil whereon such Part of ~c the said Gaol or Prison -called. " Wood Street Compter, and Of#fices, so belonging to the said

Qoogl<

Duties on Tobacco.

American

Loyalists.

Forty Members not present

1150 20° — 2I° —

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause 'was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt 'from the Tax of Two Shillings and Six Pence, Proceedings in certain inferior Courts in Scotland, and the Practisers in such Courts from the Tax for a Licence.

And the said Clause being read the First Time;

Resolved', That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco, be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons w ho have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dis-sentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis9 2l9 die julii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIltu Regis, 1785.

PHAYEHS.

T H E House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Torty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morn* ing, Ten of the Clock.

'll? Julii. 1785;.

Veneris, 22* die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii IIP11 fcegis, 1785.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Ingrossed Bill for better se- Dutim* v coring , the Duties payable on Tobacco, be now Totaccu. read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 45- ! 20. After " granted " to insert " if

i( S°*ng by Land."

Pr. 53* L 32. After " granted " to insert " if

" going by Land."

Pr. .55. 1. 32. To leave out from " Removal" to " and " in Line last, and insert " that such Tobacco, Tobacco " Stalks, or Snuff, had been received by legal Certificate," instead thereof.

Pr. 57« 1- 3- After u granted " to insert " if

" going by Land."

Pr. 60. 1. 6. After " Snuff" to insert " unless

" it can be proved that the J u Goods so removing was with-

u out his, her, or their Knowledge."

1. 7,7 To leave out " unmanufactured and 8.> 41 Tobacco."

Pr. 62. 1. 24. After " Snuff* to insert ct unless " it can be proved that the Tobacco or Snuff so removing " was without his, her, or their " Knowledge."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaufoy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Exporting to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation Ha)'* of Hay: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Ditto. House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Hay: And the same Was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to

Supply Bill;

ALtornies,

Ac.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

American

Loyalists.

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

25 Geo. III. aa° JuliL

nit

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bo ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, was again re-committed, be now received.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. v

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Anguish and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine; take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Resolutions communicated to them by this House, at a Conference, on the 31st Day of May last, relative to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland\

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow eth; viz.

After the Words " be fully " drawn back" insert the Words " within a Time to " be limited."

After the Words, " from the* leave out to the End of the said Resolution, and instead

Resolution 3d, Line 22

Resolution gtb,l Line 55-j

Vol. 40.

thereof insert the following Words "British or Foreign u Settlements in The East " Indies, subject to the same " Duties and Regulations " as the like Goods from " Time to Time shall be " subject to on Importation " into Great Britain; and if " prohibited to be imported " into Great Britain, should " in like Manner be prohi-cc bited from being imported " into Ireland."

Resolution nth,l After the Words " the Line 8. J " Amount" insert the Words

" which was; " and in the same Line, after the* Words " payable in the other," insert the Words " on the " 17th Day of May 1782 and, in Lines 9 and 10, leave out the Words " the " same shall not be less " than Ten and a Half per " Centum; " and, in Line 13, after the Figures " 1782," insert the Words. " the same " Amount shall not be less " than such Duty of Ten " and a Half per Centum and, at the End of the said Resolution, insert the following Words " Provided always, That when any * such Articles shall be liable in either Country to " any Duty on being ex-4( ported to any Foreign " Country, the same Articles, when re-exported " from either of the said

" Kingdoms into which they

u shall have been so imported as aforesaid, shall pay " the like Duties as if they " had been originally exported from the Kingdom

" of their Growth, Produce,

" or Manufacture to such " Foreign Country."

Resolution 12th,l After the Word " Manu-Line g.J " facture" leave out to the Words " such further " Duty," in Lines 11 and ,12; and, after the Word " imposed," in Line 15, insert the following Words "so that the countervailing " Duty to be paid upon " manufactured Salt iraported into any Part of " Great Britain, shall be " computed upon the Internal Duty payable thereon in England;" and, in Line 18, after the Words " in either Kingdom," leave out to the Words " such Manufacture," in Lines 20 and 21; and, in Line 22, after the Words " into the" leave out the Word "other," and insert "said;" andj in the same Line, after " Kingdom," insert the Words " from

by

Commercial lutercouree with Ireland.

11^2 22 julU,

A. 1785.

Resolution 14th.

Resolution 17th,!

Line 2 J

Resolution 18th.\ line i.j

u from the other; " and, after the Words u subject the " same," in Line 24, leave out the following Words " so imported;" and, after the Words u those which," in Line 26, leave out the Word i( the," and insert the Word " such;" and, in the same Line, after the Word " Manufacture," leave out the following Words " composed of the like " Raw Material; " and, after the Words u Consequence of" in Line 28. insert the Wrord "such;* and, in the same Line, after the Words " on such," insert the Word " Raw;" and, after the Words " is " so," in Line 30, insert the Words " to be;" and, at the End of the said Resolution, insert the following Words " and that where a " Duty is payable in either u Kingdom, on any Article earned Coastwise from " one Port to another of " the said Kingdom, the " same Article, when imported from the other " Kingdom, should be sub- " ject to the like Duty."

At the End of the Resolution insert the following Words " Provided, That " when any Article of the " Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of eilher Kingdom shall be prohibited " by the Laws of the said u Kingdom to be exported " to Foreign Countries, the " same Article, when exported to the other Kingdom, shall be prohibited At to be re-exported from " thence to any Foreign " Countries."

After the Words vending Books," insert the Words " Engraving, Prints, Maps,

" Charts, and Plans," and after the Words " otherwise and, " in Line 5, insert the Word " that; " and, after the Word " Booksellers," in Line 6% insert the Words " the engraved Property of Engravers, " Print and Map-sellers," and, in Line 13, leave out the Words " similar Privileges and Rights in," and instead thereof insert the following Words " Copy " Rights of Authors and w Booksellers, and to the engraved Property of the " Engravers, Print and " Map-sellers of."

After the Words " it is expedient that" insert the following Words " such ex-

u elusive Rights and Privi-tc leges arising from new " Inventions as are now u legally possessed within " Great Britain, under Letters Patent from the " Crown, shall continue to " be protected in the Manner they are at present by " the Laws of Great Britain; and that it is just " that Measures should be " taken by the Parliament " of Ireland, for giving the " like Protection to similar " Rights and Privileges in " that Kingdom; and also " that it is expedient that," and, after the Words " respect to," in Line 2, leave out the Words " Patents to " be," and instead thereof insert the Words Letters " Patent;" and after the Word " hereafter," in Line 3, insert the Words " to be;" and, after the Word u granted,*' in the same Line, leave out the Word " for," and insert "in;" and, in the same Line, after " the," leave out the Word " Encouragement," and insert " Case;" and, after the Word " throughout," in Line 7, leave out the Words " Great Britain and Ireland" and insert " both " Kingdoms.’*

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time.

The Amendment made by the Lords to the Third Resolution being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendment be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

The Amendment made to the Ninth Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendments made to the Eleventh and Twelfth Resolutions being severally read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

The Amendments made to the Fourteenth, Seventeenth, and Eighteenth Resolutions, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Subject Matter of those Resolutions, in which are contained the Amendments made by the Lords, the further Consideration of which Amendments this House has now adjourned.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Mulgraxe took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Mulgraxe reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The

v-

2J GeO. III. 22® Jutti.II5J

The Lord Mulgrave accordingly reported from the facture may, on its Importation into the said King- Commercial said Committee, the Resolutions which the Commit- dom from the other, be charged with such a coun- Intercourse tee had directed him to report to the House; which tervailing Duty as may Be sufficient to subject the with Ire^. he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at same to Burthens adequate to those which such Ma-the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and nufacture is subject to in consequence of such Duties are as followeth; viz. on such Raw Material in the Kingdom into which

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, such Manufacture is so to be imported; and that the That, towards carrying into full Effect so desirable a said Manufactures so imported shall be entitled to Settlement, it is fit and proper that all Articles not such Drawbacks or Bounties on Exportation as may the Growth or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ire- leave the same subject to no heavier Burthen than the land, except those of the Growth, Produce, or Ma- Home-made Manufacture 5 and that, in every Case nufacture of any of the Countries beyond The Cape where a Duty shall be payable in either Kingdom on of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, should be any Article carried Coastwise from one Port to another imported into each Kingdom from the other recipro- of the said Kingdom, the same Article, when im-cally, under the same Regulations, and at the same ported from the other Kingdom, should be subject to Duties (if subject to Duties) to which they would the like Duty.

be liable when imported directly from the Country or The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Place from whence the same may have been imported Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereinto Gi'eat Britain or Ireland respectively, as the Case upon, agreed to by the House. ' may be; and that all Duties originally paid on Im- Ordered\ That the Lords be acquainted, at a Con-

portation into either Country respectively, except on ference, that this House, having taken into their Arrack and Foreign Brandy, and on Rum, and all Consideration the several Amendments made by their Sorts of strong Waters not imported from the British Lordships to the Resolutions relating to an Adjust-Colonies in The West Indies, shall be fully drawn back, ment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great within a Time to be fixed, on Exportation to the Britain and Ireland, which were communicated by this other, but, nevertheless, that the Duties shall con- House to their Lordships on the 31st Day of May tinue to be protected and guarded, as at present, by last, have agreed to the several Amendments made withholding the Drawback until a Certificate from the by their Lordships to the Ninth, Fourteenth, Seven-proper Officers of the Revenue in the Kingdom to teenth, and Eighteenth of the said Resolutions; and which the Export may be made, shall be returned and have come to several other Resolutions, to which Recompared with the Entry Outwards. solutions this House doth desire the Concurrence of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, their Lordships.

That, in all Cases in which the Duties on Articles of Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Conference

the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of either Lords, on the Subject Matter of the last Confe- with Lords. Country are different, on the Importation into the rence.

other, it is expedient that they should be reduced, in Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do go to the Kingdom in which they are the highest, to an the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Amount not exceeding the Duties which were pay- The Marquis of Graham reported to the House, aible in the other on the 17th Day of May 1782, so That he had, according to Order, been with the that in every Case in which any Article was charged Lords to desire a Conference; and that the Lords with a Duty, on Importation into Ireland, of Ten do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same pre-and a Half per Centum, or upwards, on the 17th Day sently in the Painted Chamber, of May 1782, the Amount of the Duties so reduced Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last shall not be less than the said Duty of Ten and a Conference do manage this Conference.

Half per Centum, unless in Cases where any Articles And the Names of the Managers were called over; are importable Duty-free into either Kingdom from and they went to the Conference, the other, which Articles shall hereafter be imported And being returned;

Duty-free into each from the other respectively; and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, That that all such Articles should be exportable, from the the Managers had been at the Conference, which was Kingdom into which they shall be imported, as free managed on the Part of the Lords by the Duke of from Duties as the similar Commodities or Home Richmond; and that the Managers had informed the Manufacture of the same Kingdom: Provided always, Lords, that this House had agreed to the several That when any such Articles shall be liable, in either Amendments made by their Lordships to the Ninth,

Country, to any Duty on being exported to any Fourteenth, Seventeenth, and Eighteenth of the Re-Foreign Country, the same Articles, when re-exported solutions communicated by this House to their Lord-from either of the said Kingdoms into which they ships on the 31st Day of May last; and that they „ shall have been so imported as aforesaid, shall pay had also communicated to the Lords the said other, the like Duties as if they had been originally exported Resolutions this Day agreed to by the House, and from the Kingdom of their Growth, Produce, or Manu- had left a Copy of the same with their Lordships. '

facture, to such Foreign Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved’ That this House will, at the Rising of Adjournment#

That it is also proper, that, in all Cases in which the House this Day, adjourn till. Monday Morning the Articles of the Consumption of either Kingdom next.

shall be charged with an Internal Duty on the Ma-

nufacture, such Manufacture, when imported from An ingrossed Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be, Exporting

the other, may be charged with a farther Duty on limited, the Exportation of Hay, was read the Third Hay-Importation adequate to countervail the Internal Duty Time.

on the Manufacture, such farther Duty to continue An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to

90 long only as the Internal Consumption shall be the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for declaring Contracts charged with the Duty or Duties, to balance which for Hay void, made within a certain Time, it shall be imposed* provided that the countervailing And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon Duty, to be paid upon manufactured Salt imported the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House into any Part of Great Britain, shall be computed to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder, upon the Internal Duty payable thereon in England; Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the and that, where there is a Duty on the Raw Material Title be, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the of any Manufacture in either Kingdom, such Manu- Exportation of Hay.

Vol. 40. 13 O Ordered,

1154 22* — 2 5° A. 1785.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 25° die Julii; .

Anno 25' Georgii III. U Regis, 1785. Thayers.

Exporting a MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr.

Hay- A and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay; without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

Taxes in The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from

Argyleshire, Commissioners of Excise in Scotland\ attended at c‘ the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-

sented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Ta^es under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, distinguishing each Tax (and each Division surveyed by an Officer of Excise) paid or collected in the Counties of Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Shetland; as also the Nett Amount of the said Taxes, so far as the same can be made up from Materials in Possession of the Board of Excise at Edinburgh, from Midsummer 1774 to the 5th of April 1785: And also,

An Account of the Gross and Nett Amount of all the Taxes under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in the Counties of Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Sutherland, Caithness, and Orkney and Shetland; distinguishing each Tax, County, and Division, for the Years ending Midsummer 1765 and 1782.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

American The Order of the Day being read, for the House Loyalists. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government;:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable any of the said Commissioners, being Officers entitled to receive Half Pay, to receive the same, notwithstanding any Compensation that may be made to them for executing the Provisions of this Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod: 10 BlUl*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canter* bury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, . named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz, .

An Act for appointing apd enabling. Commissioners further tp examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

An Act to prohibit, for a, limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

An Act to enable the Mayofc and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London 19 pull down the Poultry1 and Wood Street Compters, and to purchase certain Ground and Buildings within the said City, for the Purpose of re-building the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr- Coiiferm Thomson: wilh

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conn ference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called oyer; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Duke of Richmond; and that the Conference was to acquaint this House, that the Lords, having taken into their Consideration, the several Resolutions communicated to the Lords by this House at a Conference on Friday last, do concur with this House in the said Resolutions.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty cer- SopplyM. tain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attoraio, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts *Ci of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties, with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities

tt

1

25 Geo. III.

250 Julii.

"55

Duties on Tea, &c.

Duties on Medicines.

to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting from the Duty Proceedings on Indictments and Informations.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 33. To leave out " aforesaid,'’ and insert u herein after mentioned " instead thereof."

Pr. 33. 1* 12. After " any" to insert " inferior."

1. 13. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " wherein."

1. 19. After cc the " to insert " Attorney"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accord-

Duty oa Burials, &c.

ingly.

Res

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing $0 much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities; and for better securing the Duties on Candles; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty u on Licences to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and certain Stamp " Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, u or under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters a Patent," and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, foi granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England \ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the several Resolutions relative to the Adjustment of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland\ as agreed to by both Houses of Parliament, in this Session, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 40.

Resolved, I. That it is highly important to the ge- Commercial neral Interests of the British Empire, that the Inter- Intercourse course and Commerce between Great Britain and Ire- With Ireland-land should be finally regulated on permanent arid equitable Principles, for the mutual Benefit of both Countries.

Resolved', II. That it is consistent with the essential Interests of the Manufactures, Revenue, Commerce, and Navigation of Great Britain, that a full Participation of Commercial Advantages should be permanently secured to Ireland, whenever a Provision equally permanent and secure shall be made by the Parliament of that Kingdom towards defraying, in Proportion to its growing Prosperity, the nesessary Expences, in Time of Peace, of protecting the Trade and general Interests of the Empire.

Resolved, III. That, towards carrying into full Effect so desireable a Settlement, it is fit and proper that all Articles, not the Growth or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, except those of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of any of the Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope, to The Streights of Magellan, should be imported into each Kingdom from the other reciprocally, under the same Regulations, and at the same Duties (if subject to Duties) to which they would be liable when imported directly from the Country or Place from whence the same may have been imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, as the Case may be; and that all Duties originally paid on Importation into either Country respectively, except on Arrack and Foreign Brandy, and on Rum, and all Sorts of strong Waters not imported from the British Colonies in The West Indies, shall be fully drawn back, within a Time to be fixed, on Exportation to the other, but, nevertheless, that the Duties shall continue to be protected and guarded, as at present, by withholding the Drawback until a Certificate from the proper Officers of the Revenue in the Kingdom to which the Export may be made shall be returned and compared with the Entry Outwards.

Resolved, IV. That it is highly important to the general Interests of the British Empire, that the Law’s for regulating Trade and Navigation should be the same in Great Britain and Ireland; and therefore that it is essential, towards carrying into Effect the present Settlement, that all Laws which have been made, or shall be made, in Great Britain, for securing exclusive Privileges to the Ships and Mariners of Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Colonies and Plantations, and for regulating and restraining the Trade of the British Colonies and Plantations (such Laws imposing the same Restraints, and conferring the same Benefits, on the Subjects of both Kingdoms) should he in Force in Ireland, by Laws to be passed in the Parliament of that Kingdom, for the same Time, and in the same Manner, as in Great Britain.

Resolved, V. That it is further essential to this Settlement, that all Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of British or Foreign Colonies in America, or The West Indies, and the British or Foreign Settlements on the Coast of Africa, imported into Ireland, should, on Importation, be subject to the same Duties and Regulations as the like Goods are, or from Time to Time shall be subject to, upon Importation into Great Britain', or, if prohibited to be imported into Great Britain, shall be. prohibited in like Manner from being imported into Ireland.

Resolved, VI. That, in order to prevent illicit Practices injurious to the Revenue and Commerce of both Kingdoms, it is expedient, that all Goods, whether of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any Foreign Country, which shall hereafter be imported into Great Britain

from

Diaitizeri

1156 25° Juki. ^.1785.

Commercial from Ireland, or into Ireland from Great Britain, should

Pu^ (by Laws to be passed in the Parliaments of the y* wwno, Kingdoms) under the same Regulations with respect to Bonds, Cockets, and other Instruments, to which the like Goods are now subject in passing from one Port of Great Britain to another.

Resolved\ VII. That, for the like Purpose, it is also expedient, that when any Goods, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the British West India Islands, or any other of the British Colonies or Plantations, shall be shipped ffcm Ireland for Great Britain, they shall be accompanied with such original Certificates of the Revenue Officers of the said Colonies, as shall be required by Law on Importation into Great Britain; and that, when the whole Quantity included in One Certificate shall not be shipped at any One Time, the original Certificate, properly indorsed as to Quantity, should be sent with the First Parcel; and to identify the Remainder, if shipped within a Time to be limited, new Certificates should be granted by the principal Officers of the Ports in Ireland, extracted from a Register of the original Documents, specifying the Quantities before shipped from thence, by what Vessels, and to what Ports.

Resolved\ VIII. That it is essential, for carrying into Effect the present Settlement, that all Goods exported from Ireland to the British Colonies in The West Indies, or in America, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or to the Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, should from ^3 Time to Time be made liable to such Duties and Drawbacks, and put under such Regulations, as may be necessary, in order that the same may not be exported with less Incumbrance of Duties or Impositions than the like Goods shall be burthened with when exported from Great Britain.

- Resolved, IX. That it is essential to the general

Commercial Interests of the Empire, that, so long as the Parliament of this Kingdom shall thipk it advise-able that the Commercq to the Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, shall be carried on solely by an exclusive Company, having Liberty to import into the Port of London only, no Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Countries should be allowed to be imported into Ireland but through Great Britain; except Dye Stuffs, Drugs, Cotton or other Wool, and Spiceries, which may be Imported into Ireland from Foreign European Countries, so long as the same are importable from Foreign European Countries into Great Britain: And that it shall be lawful to export such Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, from Great Britain to Ireland, with the same Duties retained thereon as are now retained on their being exported to that Kingdom, but that an Account shall be kept of the Duties retained and not drawn back on the said Goods exported to Ireland, and that the Amount thereof shall be remitted, by the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs in Great Britain, to the proper Officer of the Revenue in Ireland, to be placed to the Account of His Majesty’s Revenue there, subject to the Disposal of the Parliament of that Kingdom; and that the Ships going from Great Britain to any of the said Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, should not be restrained from touching at any of the Ports in Ireland, and taking on board there any of the Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of that Kingdom; and that no Ships be allowed to clear out from Ireland for any of the said Countries, but such Ships as shall be freighted by the said Company, and which shall have sailed from the Port of London: And that, whenever the Commerce to the said Countries shall cease to be so

carried on solely by such an exclusive Company, the Goods, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Countries beyond The Cape of Good Hope to The Streights of Magellan, should be importable into Ireland from the British or Foreign Settlements in The East Indies, subject to the same Duties and Regulations as the like Goods from Time to Time shall be subject to on Importation into Great Britain; and if prohibited to be imported into Great Britain, should in like Manner be prohibited from being imported into Ireland.

Resolved\ X, That no Prohibition should exist, iu either Country, against the Importation, Use, or Sale of any Article, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the other, except such as either Kingdom may judge expedient, from Time to Time, upon Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Biscuits; and except such qualified Prohibitions, at present contained in any Act of the British or Irish Parliaments, as do not absolutely prevent the Importation of Goods or Manufactures, or Materials of Manufactures, but only regulate the Weight, the Size, the Packages, or other particular Circumstances, or prescribe the Built or Country, and Dimensions of the Ships importing the same; and also except on Ammunition, Arms, Gunpowder, and other Utensils of War, importable only by virtue of His Majesty’s Licence; and that the Duty on the Importation of every such Article (if subject to Duty in either Country) should be precisely the same in the one Country as in the other, except where an Addition may be necessary in either Country, in consequence of an Internal Duty, on any such Article of its own Consumption, or an Internal Bounty in the Country where -such Article is grown, produced, or manufactured; and except such Duties as either Kingdom may judge expedient, from Time to Time, upon Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Biscuits.

Resolved, XI. That, in all Cases in which the Duties on Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country are different, on the Importation into the other, it is expedient that they should be reduced, in the Kingdom in which they are the highest, to an Amount not exceeding the Duties which were payable in the other on the 17th Day of Map 1782, so that in every Case in which any Article was charged w>ith a Duty, on Importation into Ireland, of Ten and a Half per Centum, or upwards, on the 17th Day of May 1782, the Amount of the Duties so reduced shall not be less than the said Duty of Ten and a Half per Centum, unless in Cases where any Articles are importable Duty-free into either Kingdom from the other, which Articles shall hereafter be imported Duty-free into each from the other respectively; and that all such Articles should be exportable, from the Kingdom into which they shall be imported, as free from Duties as the similar Commodities or Home Manufacture of the same Kingdom.: Provided always, That >vhen any such Articles shall be liable, in either Country, to any Duty on being exported to any Foreign Country, the same Articles, when re-exported from either of the said Kingdoms into which they shall have been so imported as aforesaid, shall pay the like Duties as if they had been originally exported from the Kingdom of their Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, to such Foreign Country.

Resolved, XII. That it is also proper, that, in all Cases in which the Articles of the Consumption of either Kingdom shall be charged with an Internal Duty on the Manufacture, such Manufacture, when imported from the other, may be charged with a farther Duty on Importation adequate to countervail the Internal Duty on the Manufacture, such farther Duty to continue so long only as the Internal Consumption shall be charged with the Duty or Duties to balance which it shall be imposed, provided that the countervailing

Geo. III. 25° Juliu 1157

Duty, to be paid upon manufactured Salt imported tion of Articles from Foreign Countries should be re- Commercial into any Part of Great Britain, shall be computed gulated, from Time to Time, in each Kingdom, on Intercourse dpon the Internal Duty payable thereon in England; such Terms as may effectually favour the Importation with Ireland, and that, where there is a Duty on the Raw Material of similar Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manu-of any Manufacture in either Kingdom, such Manu- facture of the other; except in the Case of Materials facture may, on its Importation into the said King- of Manufacture, which are, or hereafter may be al-dom from the other, be charged with such a counter- lowed to be imported from Foreign Countries Duty-vailing Duty as may be sufficient to subject the same free; and that, in all Cases where any Articles are or to Burthens adequate to those which such Manufac- may be subject to higher Duties on Importation into

ture is subject to in consequence of such Duties on this Kingdom, from the Countries belonging to any

such Raw Material, in the Kingdom into w’hich such of the States of North America, than the like Goods Manufacture is so to be imported; and that the said are or may be subject to when imported as the Manufactures so imported shall be entitled to such Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the British Co-Drawbacks or Bounties on Exportation as may leave ionics and plantations, or as the Produce of the

the same subject to no heavier Burthen than the Fisheries carried on by British Subjects, such. Articles

Home-made Manufacture; and that, in every Case shall be subject to the same Duties on Importation into where a'Duty shall be payable in either Kingdom on Ireland, from the Countries belonging to any of the , any Article carried Coastwise from one Port to ano- States of North America, as the same are or may be ther of the said Kingdom, the same Article, when im- subject to on Importation from the said Countries into ported from the other Kingdom, should be subject to this Kingdom.

the like Duty. Resolved\ XVII. That it is expedient, that such

Resolved, XIII. That, in order to give Perma- Privileges of printing and vending Books, engraving nency to the Settlement now intended to be esta- Prints, Maps, Charts, and Plans, as are or may be blished, it is necessary that no new or additional legally possessed within Great Britain, under the Grant Duties should be hereafter imposed, in either King- of the Crown or otherwise, and that the Copy Rights dom, on the Importation of any Article of the Growth, of the Authors and Booksellers, the engraved Pro-Produce, or Manufacture of the other, except such ad- perty of Engravers, Print and Map-sellers, of Great ditional Duties as may be requisite to balance Duties Britain, should continue to be protected in the Man-on Internal Consumption, pursuant to the foregoing ner they arc at present by the Laws of Great Britain;

Resolution, or in consequence of Bounties remaining and that it is just that Measures should be taken, by on such Article when exported from the other King- the Parliament of Ireland, for giving the like Pro-dom. tection to the Copy Rights of Authors and Booksellers,

Resolved, XIV. That, for the same Purpose, it is and to the engraved Property of the Engravers, Print necessary, farther, that no new Prohibition, or new or and Map-sellers of that Kingdom, additional Duties, should be hereafter imposed, in Resolved, XVIII. That it is expedient that such either Kingdom, on the Exportation of any Article of exclusive Rights and Privileges, arising from new native Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, from the Inventions, as are now legally possessed within Great one Kingdom to the other, except such as either Britain, under Letters Patent from the Crown, shall Kingdom may deem expedient, from Time to Time, continue to be protected in the Manner they are at upon Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Biscuits: Pro- present by the Laws of Great Britain; and that it is vided, That when any Article of the Growth, Pro- just that Measures should be taken by the Parliament duce, or Manufacture of either Kingdom, shall be of Ireland, for giving the like Protection to similar prohibited by the Laws of the said Kingdom to be Rights and Privileges in that Kingdom; and also, exported to Foreign Countries, the same Article, that it is expedient that Regulations should be adopted, when exported to the other Kingdom, shall be pro- with respect to Letters Patent hereafter to be granted hibited to be re-exported from thence to any Foreign in the Case of new Inventions, so that the Rights,

Countries. Privileges, and Restrictions, therein granted and con-

Resolved, XV. That, for the same Purpose, it is tained, shall be of equal Force and Duration throughout necessary, that no Bounties whatsoever should be paid both Kingdoms.

or payable, in either Kingdom, on the Exportation of Resolved, XIX. That it is expedient, that Mea-any Article to the other, except such as relate to sures should be taken to prevent Disputes touching Corn, Meal, Malt, Flour, and Biscuits, and except the Exercise of the Right of the Inhabitants of each also the Bounties at present given by Great Britain on Kingdom to fish on the Coasts of any Part of the Beer, and Spirits distilled from Corn, and such as are British Dominions.

in the Nature of Drawbacks or Compensations for Resolved, XX. That the Appropriation of what-Duties paid; and that no Bounties should be pay- ever Sum the Gross Hereditary Revenue of the King-

able in Ireland on the Exportation of any Article to dom of Ireland (the due Collection thereof being se-

any British Colonies or Plantations, or to the British cured by permanent Provisions) shall produce, after Settlements on the Coast of Africa, or on the Exporta- deducting all Drawbacks, lie-payments, or Bounties,

tion of any Article imported from the British Planta- granted in the Nature of Drawbacks, over and above

tions, or from the British Settlements on the Coast of the Sum of Six hundred and Fifty-six thousand Africa, or British Settlements in the East Indies, or Pounds in each Year, towards the Support of the any Manufacture made of such Article, unless in Case$ Naval Force of the Empire, to be applied in such where a similar Bounty is payable in Great Britain on Manner as the Parliament of Ireland shall direct, by Exportation from thence, or where such Bounty is an Act to be passed for that Purpose, will be a satis-'merely in the Nature of a Drawback or Compensation factory Provision, proportioned to the growing Proof or for Duties paid, over and above any Duties paid sperity of that Kingdom, towards defraying, in Time of thereon in Great Britain; and that, where any Inter- Peace, the necessary Expences of protecting the Trade nal Bounty shall be given, in either Kingdom, on and general Interests of the Empire, any Goods manufactured therein, and shall remain on Resolved, That the foregoing Resolution's be laid such Goods when exported, a countervailing Duty ade- before His Majesty, with an bumble Address, assur-quate thereto may be laid upon the Importation of the ing His Majesty, that His faithful Commons have said Goods into the other Kingdom. taken into their most serious Consideration the im-

Resolved\ XVI. That it is expedient, for the ge- portaut Subject of the Commercial Intercourse be-neral Benefit of the British Empire, that the Importa- tween Great Britain and Ireland, recommended in Vol.40. 4 13 P His

e _

Commercial Intercourse with Ireland.

115B 250 Julii. A. 1785.

His Majesty’s Speech at the Opening of the present Session, and the Resolutions of the Two Houses of Parliament in Ireland, which were laid before us. by His Majesty’s Commands, on the 22d Day of Febru~ ary last. '

That, after a long and careful Investigation of the various Questions necessarily arising out of this comprehensive Subject, we have come to the several Resolutions which we now humbly present’ to His Majesty, and which, we trust, will form the Basis of an advantageous and permanent Commercial Settlement between His Majesty’s Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland:

That we have proceeded on the Foundation of the Resolutions of the Parliament of Ireland; but, in "considering so extensive an Arrangement, we have found it necessary to introduce some Modifications and Exceptions, and we have added such Regulations and Conditions as appeared to bs indispensably necessary for establishing the proposed Agreement on just and equitable Principles, and for securing to both Countries those Commercial Advantages to an equal Enjoyment of which they are in future to be entitled:

That His Majesty’s Subjects in Ireland, being secured in a full and lasting Participation of the Trade with the British Colonies, must, we are persuaded, acknowledge the Justice of their continuing to enjoy it on the same Terms with His Majesty’s Subjects in Great Britain:

And it is, we conceive, equally manifest, that, as the Ships and Manuel's of Ireland are to continue, in all Time to come, to enjoy the same Privileges with those of Great Britain, the same Provision should be. adopted in Ireland as may be found necessary in this Country, for securing those Advantages exclusively to the Subjects of the Empire: This Object is essentially connected with the Maritime Strength of His Majesty’s Dominions, and consequently with the Safety and Prosperity both of Great Britain and Ireland:

We therefore deem it indispensable that these Points Should be secured, as Conditions necessary to the Existence and Duration of the Agreement between the Two Countries: They can only be carried into Effect by Laws.to be passed in the Parliament of Ireland, which is alone competent to bind His Majesty’s Subjects in that Kingdom, and whose Legislative Rights we shall ever hold as sacred as our own:

It remains for the Parliament of Ireland to judge, according to their Wisdom and Discretion, of these Conditions, as well as of every other Part of the Settlement proposed to be established by mutual Consent:

Our Purpose in these Resolutions is, to promote alike the Commercial Interests of His Majesty’s Subjects in both Countries, and we are persuaded, that the common Prosperity of the Two Kingdoms will be thereby greatly advanced; the Subjects of each will in future apply themselves to those Branches of Commerce which they can exercise with most Advantage, and the Wealth, so diffused through every Part, will operate as a general Benefit to the Whole:

We have thus far performed our Part in this important Business, and we trust, that, in the Whole of its Progress, reciprocal Interests and mutual Affection will insure that Spirit of Union so essentially necessary to the great End which the Two Countries have equally in View:

In this Persuasion we look forward with Confidence, to the final Completion of a Measure which, while it tends to perpetuate Harmony and Friendship between the Two Kingdoms, must, by augmenting their Resources, uniting their Efforts, and consolidating their Strength, afford His Majesty the surest Means

of establishing, on a lasting Foundation, the Safety, Prosperity, and Glory of the Empire.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Hmvard, Mr. Henry Dtindas, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Secretary at War, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Solicitor General, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Rose, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, the Lord Mahon, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Steele, Mr. Gilbert, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place*; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign, Addrs*

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, thereon, the.....Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, have taken into our most serious Consideration the important Subject of the Commercial Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, recommended in Your Majesty’s Speech at the Opening of the present Session, and the Resolutions of the Two Houses of the Parliament in Ireland, which were laid before us, by Your Majesty's Command, on the 22dof February last.

After a long and careful Investigation of the various Questions necessarily arising out of this comprehensive Subject, we have come to the several Resolutions, which we now humbly present to Your Majesty, and which, we trust, will form the Basis of an advantageous and permanent Commercial Settlement between Your Majesty’s Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland.

We have proceeded on the Foundation of the Resolutions of the Parliament of Ireland; but, in considering so extensive an Arrangement, we have found it necessary to introduce some Modifications and Exceptions, and we have added such Regulations and Conditions as appeared to us indispensably necessary for establishing the proposed Agreement on just and equitable Principles, and for securing to both Countries those Commercial Advantages to an equal Enjoyment of which they are in future to be entitled.

Your Majesty’s Subjects in Ireland, being secured ii> q. full and lasting Participation of the Trade with the British Colonies, must, we are persuaded, acknowledge the Justice of, their continuing to enjoy it on the same Terms with Your Majesty’s Subjects in Great Britain.

And it is, we conceive, equally manifest, that, as the Ships and Mariners of Ireland are to continue in all Time to come to enjoy the same Privileges with those of Great Britain, the same Provisions should be adopted in Ireland as may be found necessary in this Country, for securing those Advantages exclusively to the Subjects of the Empire. This Object is essentially connected with the Maritime Strength of Your Majesty’s Dominions, and consequently with the Safety and Prosperity both of Great Britain and Ireland.

We therefore deem it indispensable, that these Points should be secured as Conditions necessary to the Existence and Duration of the Agreement between the Two Countries they can only be carried into Effect by Laws to be passed in the Parliament of Ireland; which is alone competent to bind Your Majesty’s

35 Geo. III. 35 ° — 26° yulii 1159

Majesty's Subjects in that Kingdom, and whose Legislative Rights we shall ever bold as sacred as our own.

It remains for the Parliament of Ireland to judge, according to their Wisdom and Discretion, of these Conditions, as well as of every other Part of the Settlement proposed to be established by mutual Consent.

Our Purpose in these Resolutions is to promote alike the Commercial Interests of Your Majesty’s Subjects in both Countries; and we are persuaded that the common Prosperity of the Two Kingdoms will be thereby greatly advanced, the Subjects of each will in future apply themselves to those Branches of Commerce, which they can exercise with most Advantage, and the Wealth so diffused through every Part will operate as a general Benefit to the Whole.

We have thus far performed our Part in this important Business; and we trust, that in the Whole of its Progress, reciprocal Interests and mutual Affection will insure that Spirit of Union, so essentially necessary to the great End which the Two Countries have equally in View.

In this Persuasion, we look forward with Confidence to the final Completion of a Measure which, while it tends to perpetuate Harmony and Friendship between the Two Kingdoms, must, by augmenting their Resources, uniting their Efforts, and consolidating their Strength, afford Your Majesty the surest Means of establishing, on a lasting Foundation, the Safety, Prosperity, and Glory of the Empire.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be communicated to the Lords at a Conference, and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Conference Ordered', That a Conference be desired with the

Lort«d Wilh ^or(*s» on Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Graham do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Commercial Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Intercourse for finally regulating the Intercourse and Commerce 1 Ireland* between Great Britain and Ireland, on permanent and equitable Principles, for the mutual Benefit of both Kingdoms: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Steele, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 26° die Julii;

Anno 250 Georgii III. H Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

Wenlock RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War*

Wrh. L/ rant to die Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new

Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wenlock, in the County of Salop, in the room of John Simpson, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, zndBonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Vojl.40. *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Duty on to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in this present Servant*. Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal " the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new <c Duties on Male and Female Servants: " And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Steele do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Or- Ditto, der, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for " granting new Duties on Male and Female ServantsAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

And the Bill having no Blank therein, nor any Amend ment being proposed to be made thereto;

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from American the Committee of the whole House, to whom the L°ydiut*. Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Commissioners to appoint a proper Person or Persons to repair to any Part of the United States of America, to enquire into such Facts and Circumstances as they may think material for better ascertaining Claims.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Marquis of Graham reported to the House, That Conference be had, according to Order, been with the Lords, to With Lor<1^ desire a Conference; and that the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Earl of Hcpetojm; and that the Managers had acquainted the Lords, that this House had agreed upon an Address to be presented to His Majesty, to which they desire the Concurrence of their Lordships; and that they had left the said Address* together with the Resolutions therein mentioned, with the Lords,

The

e

' Macknight's, Ac. Claims.

Address

thereon.

Allowances to Brewers, &c.

Duties on Servants.

Amerkah

Loyalists.

2(5 — a8° Julii.

A. 1785.

I l6b

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 5th Day of this Instant July, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Mac-knight, James Parker, and William McCormick, in Behalf of themselves and the Heirs of their deceased Partner, William Aitchison, Owners of the Ship Belville and Brigantine Betsey, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

' Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order a Sura, not exceeding £. 40 per Centum, upon the Sums found and allowed to the several Persons respectively, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of such Persons as have suffered during the late Dissentions in America, for the Losses they have sustained under the Provisions of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies therein mentioned, to be advanced to the said several Persons as a Payment for present Relief, and upon Account for such their respective Losses; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to declare, that Brewers, selling Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask containing Four Gallons and a Half, shall not be entitled to any Allowance out of the Duties of Excise for Waste or Leakage; and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, " An €l Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and " for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants/’

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 28* die Julii;

Anno 25° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

THE House was moved, That the several Orders Election appointing the Days for taking into Consideration Petih°w. the several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Queensfeiry, Stirling, Inner-keithing, Dunfermline, and Culross; for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Jedburgh; for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts; for the County of Fife; for the City and County of the City of Bristol; for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon; for the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan, Loch-maben, and Kirkcudbright; for the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster; for the Borough of Ilchester, in the County of Somerset; for the City of Westminster; and for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the same were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of Colonel James Francis Erskine, of Forrest, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Queens ferry, Stirling, Inncrkeithing, Dunfermline, and Culross, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 1st Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the After* noon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freemen of the Borough of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and having a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough 5 and also, the Petition of John Lowther, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Friday the 2d Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Johnstone, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Haddington, Dunbar, North Berwick, Lauder, and Jedburgh, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday the 3d Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Hands and Names are thereunto subscribed.

Voters for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in Behalf of themselves and other Voters in the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Monday the 5th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir John Henderson,

Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Fife, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the oth Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of George Daubeny, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and County of the City of Bristol, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday the 7th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered,

Googh

0

Transportation of Felons.

25 Geo. III.

ii6i

Ordered, That the Petition of the Persons whose the Committee had made a further Progress in the Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to Matter they were appointed to enquire into, and had Serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honitonin the directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; County of Devon, complaining of an undue Election and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consi- delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same deration upon Thursday the 8th Day of December next, was read; and is as followed); viz. nt Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. Your Committee beg to inform the House, That,

Ordered, That the Petition of George Augustus Sel- in further Execution of their Orders, they direction, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and ed their Chairman to apply to Lord Sydney, His Return for the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Atman, Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Depart-Lockmaben, and Kirkcudbright, be taken into Consi- ment, for Copies of all Plans which have been subderation upon Friday the 9th Day of December next, mitted to Government for the Transportation of Cri-at Thitse of the Clock in the Afternoon. minals, the Production of which might be attended

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons with no Public Inconvenience — That his Lordship, in whose Names are thereunto Subscribed, Freemen of Answer, informed the Committee, that different Ideas the Borough of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, had been suggested on the Subject, but that such Sug-complaining of an undue Election and Return for the gestions were either made in Conversation, or appear-said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Satur- ed, from the Nature of them, unworthy the Attention day the loth Day of December next, at Three of the of the Committee, and that no such Plan as was re-Clock in the Afternoon. quired existed in his Office — That under these Cir-

Ordered, That the Petition of George Johnstone, Es- curtistances, the Committee have no Materials to pro-quire; and also the Petition of Samuel Smith, Esquire, ceed upon, but such as the Industry of Individuals has John Pearson, Clerk, Edward Williams, Gentleman, collected for their Consideration, and which they sub-John Fudge, Senior, George Harvey, and George Brooks, mit to the House as highly interesting to the Peace, Electors of the Borough of llchester, in the County of good Government, and Morals, of the lower Order of Somerset, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Elec- the Community. — That it appears to the Committee, tors of the said Borough, severally complaining of ail that the extraordinary Fullness of the Gaols makes a undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be Separation of Offenders impracticable, and that by taken into Consideration upon Monday the 12th Day constant Intercourse they corrupt and confirm each of December next, at Three of the Clock in the At- other in every Practice of Villainy — That the Hulks, temoon. however necessary they may have been as a temporary

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons Expedient, have singularly contributed to these mis-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of chievous Effects — That they form distinct Societies the City of Westminster, on Behalf of themselves and for the more complete Instruction of all new Comers; several Thousand others, Electors for the said City; who, after the Expiration of their Sentences, return and also the Petition of the several Persons whose into the Mass of the Community, not reformed in their Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- Principles, but confirmed in every vicious Habit — selves and many Thousand other Electors of the City That when they regain their Liberty, no Parish will and Liberty of Westminster; and also the Petition of receive them, and no Person set them to Work — That the several Persons whose Names are thereunto sub- being shunned by their former Acquaintances, and scribed, on Behalf of themselves and many Thousand baffled in every Attempt to gain their Bread, the Danger other Electors of the City and Liberty of Westminster, of starving almost irresistibly leads them to a Renewal severally complaining of an undue Election and Re- of their former Crimes.

turn for the said City and Liberty, be taken into Con- That the Committee are far from arraigning the late, sideration upon Tuesday the 13th Day Of December next, Increase in the Number of public Executions, though *t Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. they lament them the more, because these Sacrifices to,

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Public Justice have produced no other Effect than the Baronet, and Thomas Alves, Esquire; and also, the Removal of the Offenders in Question; and that Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Crimes still multiply, in Defiance of the severest Exer-thereunto subscribed, Electors of the Town and Port tions of Justice.

Seaford, in the County of Sussex; and also the Peti- The Committee further observe, that these Mis-tion of Henry Flood, Esquire, and Laxvrence Parsons, chiefs are in great Measure to be attributed to the Esquire; and also the Petition of Samuel Lower, John Want of a proper Place for the Transportation of Cri-Howell, John Tcrtoner, Thomas Bean, William Hasting, minals — That the old System of Transporting to James Wootgdr, and John Woolgar, on Behalf of them- America, answered every good Purpose which could be stelves and others, Inhabitants and Electors of die Town expected from it — That it tended directly to reclaim and Port of Scaford^ hi the County of Sussex, having a the Objects on which it was inflicted, and to render Right to votff for Barons to serve in Parliament for them good Citizens — That the Climate being tempe-the said Town and Port, severally complaining of an rate, and the Means of gaining a Livelihood easy, it undue Election and Return for the said Town and1 was safe to entrust Country Magistrates with the disport, be taken into Consideraribn upon Wednesday the’ ctetionary Power of inflicting it — That the Operation 14th Day of December next, at Three of the Clock in; of it was thu^ universally diffused oyer the whole the Afternoon. ' island, as well as this Metropolis — That it tended to

break, in their Infancy, those Gangs and Combinations The Lord BeauChafnip reported from the Committee Which have since proved so injurious to the Commu-arp pointed to enquire what Proceedings have been had city* — That it was rt6t attended with much Expence to in the Execution of an Act passed in the Twenty- the Public, the Convicts bein^ carried out in, Vessels, fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- employed iff the Jamaica or Tobacco Trade — That tituled, lt An Act for the effectual Transportation of for many Years Government paid Five* Pounds a Man,

" Felorts, and other Offenders, and to authorize the and afterwards no Premium at all, the Contractor’ " Removal of Prisoners, in certain Casea, affd for being indemnified for the Freight and other Charges <c other Purposes therein mentioned," and to report by the Price at which he sold their Labour — That me their Opinion to the House what further Measures Colonies seem to have been sensible of the beneficial, may be necessary to carry the Purposes of the said Act Consequences of this Practice — That the Convicts into Effect, a*nd who were impowered to report their whose Laboiir Was so purchased were usually removed ProeOecKngfty from; to Time, to the'House; That into the Back Country,' and finding none of the Vo L. 40. 13 Q Temptations,

Transportation of Felons.

ii 62 $8® Julii. ^.1785.

Temptations, in that new State of Things, which occa- Experiment has never been made in the History of sioned their Offences at Home, it does not appear that Mankind — That the Outcasts of an old Society miH

the Police or Peace of the Colonies suffered in any not serve as the sole Foundation of a new one, which

Considerable Degree by them. cannot exist without Justice, without Order, and with-

The Committee further observe, on the Nature of out Subordination, to which the Objects in Question Transportation, that though the next Punishment, in must of Necessity be Strangers — That Confusion and Point of Severity, to a Capital Sentence, it answers Bloodshed would probably soon take place among Very imperfectly the Purpose of Example — That them; and that no Spot, however distant, can be

though a transported Convict may suffer under his pointed out by the Committee, in which the Mia-

Sentence, his Sufferings are unseen; that his Chasm chiefs of realizing so dangerous a Project might not is soon filled up, and, being as soon forgotten, it be felt on the Trade and Navigation of these King-strikes no Terror into die Minds of those for whose doms.

Correction it was intended to operate, though the The Committee, however, are of Opinion, That

Public may gain very importantly by his Removal — should His Majesty think fit to establish a new Settle* That under this Impression of the Subject, the Comment for enlarging the Commerce of His Subjects, mittee have heard with Regret, that the Ports of the Labour of these Convicts may be employed to the die United States have been shut against the Iinpor- most useful Purposes — That diere are commonly both tation of Convicts, by very severe Penalties on the Husbandmen and Artificers among them, as well as Owner of any Vessel which should land them within Men of Talents and Education — That the enterprizing their Jurisdiction. Disposition which many of them have shewn, would,

That it does not appear to the Committee, whether under a strict Controul, peculiarly fit them for the De-such Prohibitions are intended to operate perpetually, fence of a new Settlement — That an Aversion to Labour, or whether they may be removed in Consequence of and the Inequality of Fortunes, which stimulate Men some future Arrangement, as the occupying new Pro- at Home to the Commission of Crimes, could, in vince on that Continent may render the Arrival of new such a State of Things, have no Operation — That the Settlers, of any Description, not undesirable, if they ordinary Seductions would be beyond their Read), are acquainted with Husbandry or Manufactures. and consequently they would remain honest, for Want

That the Committee have declined listening to any of a Temptation to be otherwise — That having no such Suggessions, from the Consideration that whatever Hope of returning, they would consider their own depends on Negociation with Foreign Powers, belongs Happiness as involved in the Prosperity of the Set-more properly to the Executive Power, than to a Com- dement, and act accordingly-r-That under judicious mittee of the House of Commons; and, from the same Management, and the Hope of being restored to Motives, the Committtee have also avoided all Enquiry Freedom, the most refractory might gradually be re-(though frequently pressed upon them) whether any formed; and that in the mean Time, the better Part

European Powers, which, from the Extent of their of them might be rendered answerable for the Con-

Military Establishments, or from the Nature of the' duct of the Remainder, till the Desire of Acquiring

public Works which they are under the Necessity the Confidence of their Employers led them insen-

of carrying on, are obliged to employ Foreigners of sibly to deserve it — That no Returns of Persons under every Description, might be disposed to receive the Sentence of Transportation, except from the Home Convicts of another Nation — That such Arrange- Counties, being before the Committee, it is not in ments are not unprecedented between independent their Power to state the Amount of them; but, from Powers, the Venetian Galleys being supplied with every Circumstance, they are led to suppose it cannot Convicts from the Imperial and Neapolitan Dominions be legs than Fifteen hundred — That every Session — The Committee being unable to judge of the Prac- adds much to that Number — That it is therefore ne* ticability, much less of the Propriety, of executing cessary to revive the Punishment of Transportation, such Projects, which depend on the Knowledge ot on a considerable Scale, if that Mode of Punishment Circumstances which are in no Shape before them, is solely and exclusively resorted to, to prevent the decline entering further into the Subject, than to ob- further Increase in our Prisons — That, consequently, serve, that His Majesty is fully authorized, by the the Expence must be great, though perhaps less ia Powers derived under the Act of the last Session, to its Consequences than the Establishment of the Hulks, adopt either or both of these Plans, if He should be which, exclusive of the Mischiefs before stated, are, so advised. , in all Respects, a dead Charge to the Public, except

Your ’Committee further observe, That if a Settle- for the small Return made by their Work at Wool-ment be made for the Purpose of removing our Con- wick Warren; and the Committee hope it will not be victs, the Success of the Experiment will depend on impossible to fix on such Spots for the Transporta-a Variety of Circumstances — That the Climate and tion of Criminals as may, by the Commercial and Situation ought to be healthy; as, although many of Political Advantages to be derived from them, in-them have forfeited their Lives by their original Sen- demnify the Public for the original Charge — And fences, it is implied, by His Majesty’s conditional they further hope they shall be pardoned, if they seem Pardon, that their Transportation shall not expose now and then to travel beyond the immediate Bounds them to any imminent Danger of their Lives — That of their Reference, as the Two Considerations of fu-unless they are removed to a considerable Distance, ture public Benefit, and the Relief to be given to from whence the Means of returning may be rendered our Prisons, are so closely connected, that they can-difficult, die End of their Transportation will be de- not deliver an Opinion on one Part of the Subject, seated — That, subject to this Caution, a Coast Situa- without stating the Grounds of it, as. derived from tion $ preferable to an Inland one, for the Couve- the Information which they have received on the nience of supplying the Settlers until they are able other.

to provide for their own Subsistence, as likewise to The Committee further observe. That in order to furnish them an Asylum, if any Natives should be dis- ’ methodize their Enquiry, they have considered the posed to annoy them. Places to which Criminals might be Transported ac-

But your Committee beg to submit, it was their de- cording to the following Order; — First, those Parts cided Opinion, that the Idea of composing an entire of Africa which already belong to the Crown of Great Colony of Male and Female Convicts, without any Britain, or which may probably be acquired for the Pur-other Government or Controul but what they may pose in Question.^Seamdly, the Provinces as well as from Necessity be led to establish for themselves, can Islands which are subject to His Majesty in America. answer no good or rational Purpose — That such an — A$d, lastly, such other Parts of the Globe as have

35 Gfi.o. III. 28 0 Jul 1163

been already, or which may be, taken Possession of for the Object under Consideration (if Policy warrants the Measure) without violating the Territorial Rights of any European Potentate or State — That they are induced, in the First Instance, to turn their Thoughts to Africa, because they observe that Criminals are condemned to be Transported there at every Sessions; and that it lessens the Respect due to the Administration of Criminal Justice, that Judicial Sentences should be inflicted which it has hitherto been impossible to carry into Effect — That therefore it is incumbent on the Public to provide such Place of Transportation without Delay, or to resort to some more practicable System of Punishment.

The Committee observe, That His Majesty’s Dominions in Africa consist of Settlements on the River Gambia, as well as on the Coast of Guinea — That with regard to the former District, they refer to their former Report; and in relation to the latter, they agree in the Objections stated at different Times by the African Committee to the Transportation of Criminals to that Part of the Coast — That, therefore, their Enquiry will be confined to such Portions of the Continent as are comprehended in the Limits of no European State — That it appears to this Committee, that a vast Tract of Country, answering this Description, lies on the West Coast of Africa, between Twenty and Thirty Degrees of South Latitude — That it is separated from the Portuguese Settlements at Angola, and from the Dutch Dependencies on the Cape of Good Hope,' by a Chain of Mountains to the North and South — That it appears by all the Charts, and the differeut Accounts of that Country, to which the Committee have had Access, that the Dutch Boundaries extend no further than Bay Natal, on the North East from the Cape of Good Hope, and to Saint Helens Bay^ on the North West, and that the Portuguese neither occupy or claim beyond Saint Philip de Ben-guela, about 12. 8. S. — That this Coast has been seldom visited by any Europeans, and that it does not appear that any Settlers whatever are to be found upon any Part of it, tho* the Soil is fertile, productive of the best Herbage, and abounds with great Herds of wild Cattle, as Sheep, Horses, and Cows, and also all the Animals and Birds peculiar to the Tropical Climates — That there is great Variety of Medicinal Plants, with Vines of different Sorts, which grow luxuriantly, and that various Species of Timber for different Uses are to be found on it — That in the more Mountainous Parts, particularly near the great River Das Voltas, there is a Vein of Copper Ore which contains One Third of pure Metal — That by a DutGh Account, it appears, that Captain Hope travelled from the Cape, in a Course almost directly North, as high as 26. 18. S. with a View of examining the interior Parts of the Countiy — That he begun his Progress on the \6\hJuly 1761, and returned the 27th April 1762 — That the Party consisted of 17 Europeans and 68 Hottentots, with 12 Waggons, drawn by 10 Oxen each, and (what is very remarkable is) that after Travelling through an unknown Country for 9 Months and upwards, they all returned perfectly in Health, and do not report to have met with the least Injury or Attack from the Natives during the whole Time, tho* they passed through the Countries of different Tribes — The only Distress which the Party experienced, having arisen from the Want of Water for themselves and their Cattle, owing to the excessive Drought of the Season — That this Account of the Character of the Inhabitants is confirmed by the Abbt de la Ccdlle, who mentions a Dutchman of Emi-Jience at the Cape, who, from Motives of Curiosity, had travelled in a Canoe, attended by Soldiers and 2 Servants, above 500 Leagues into the interior Parts of the Continent — That he had met with the utmost Hospitality from the Natives, who supplied , Vo 1* 40.

him with every Thing he wanted* in Exchange for small Presents — That they appeared to be of the Hottentot Race, and were possessed of great Herds of Cattle — That the Climate w as in general healthy, and that many Parts were capable of very easy Cultivation — That the Country is well watered, having many Rivers of great Length and Breadth, and some Navigable, particularly that called Das Voltas, which communicates with a great Lake that supplies Bio Esperito Santo, which empties itself into the Indian Ocean, between Mosambique and Monomalassa — That at the Mouth of the River, in about 29 Latitude and 19 Longitude East of Greenwich, lies AngraDas Voltas, which forms a fine Bay and Harbour for the Shelter of Shipping, and is a Spot peculiarly well circumstanced for the Settlement in Question — That as a Proof of the safe Navigation on that Coast, the Committee report, from the Information of Mr* Peire, who returned from India in a Portuguese Vessel in 1783, that they Coasted it all the Way from the Cape of Good Hope to Loundo, in April and Mam which correspond to the Months of October and ]\o-vember in Europe — That not a Cloud appeared in the Sky till they came into the Latitude of 20 South — That although the Weather was rather cold, and ac* compbnied with heavy Dews, the Crew slept without Injury on the open Deck, and that the Run for 8 Days was about 100 Miles in 24 Hours — That the North West Winds set in from the Cape of Good Hope from May to October, and the South East prevail from October to May, and that the Wind is favourable from the Coast in Question for Rio de Plata and Brazils, as well as to The West Indies, and the Return to Guinea.

The Committee further Report, That from a Journal now extant, it appears that Two English Vessels anchored on this Coast, in Latitude 14, and found Plenty of Wrood, Water, Antelopes, and Wild Fowls — That they also saw wild Elephants, and observed that the Natives were armed with Bows and Arrows — From this, and other Circumstances, they concluded that Europeans had seldom, if ever, had Iptercourse with them.

The Committee further observe, That in the Year 1779 the East India Company being appreheusive of great Inconveniences, for the Want of a Place of Refreshment and Rendezvous, as well for their Homew ard as Outward-bound Trade, made some Attempt to reconnoitre this Coast — That it proved abortive, from the improper Choice of Vessels, or the Incapacity of the Persons who were employed in the Service; and that there is now no Chart existing of the Coast in the Possession of the Court of Directors.

The Committee further represent to the House, That the superior Advantage which the Portuguese, Dutch, and French have reaped over us in their Indian Navigation and Commerce, has arisen from their having more convenient Ports of Refreshment in their Passages; for while we are confined to Rio de Janeiro and Saint Helena, where little Provision is to be obtained, they enjoy with every Advantage the Cape of Good Hope, and the fertile Kingdom of Angola, by which Means the French Indiamen have often escaped the British Cruizers in War — That the Bay and River of Das Voltas would be an excellent Place for the Homeward-bound Indiamen; and that the Passage may be made Coastways from Guinea and Saint Thomas* Outwards — That the Coast in Question is not above Ten Days Sail distant from Brazil, and if the Accounts are to be depended on of the Whale Fishery at Saint Catherine's, where the Portuguese are reported to have taken 800 Whales in a Year, a Colony at Das Voltas wiH be particularly well situated for carrying on that Fishery as far as Falkland Island, which is much resorted to for that Purpose by the Fishermen of the United States — That it might also

promote

Transportation Of Ftions.

Transport-aiiou of Felons.

1164 28° Julii. 1785.

promote the Purposes of future Commerce or of future Hostility in the South Seas.*--The Committee

having stated the Advantages to be expected from the Settlement in Question, to reimburse the Public for the Expence in making it, proceeded to enquire in what Manner the Service, if adopted by His Majesty, might be best carried into Effect, and they in Consequence represent, That it appears to them highly probable that the Natives would, without Resistance, acquiesce in Ceding as much Land as may be necessary, for a stipulated Rent — That aM the Portuguese and Dutch Possessions on tlmt Coast have been so acquired: That Angola was purchased in 1,648, for supplying Brazil with Slaves; and that when the Dutch succeeded the Portuguese at the Cape, in 1650, they agreed to pay the Natives the Amount of 30,000 Florins in Merchandize; and as they have enlarged their Boundaries, they have added to this stipulated Payment.

The Committee further observe. That the Time for sailing to the South West Coast of Africa, is from the Beginning of August to the 15th of September; that the Voyage will probably last Three Months — That Four Trading Vessels, of about 200 Tons each, will carry 500 Convicts, especially if convoyed by Ships of War — That the fittest Vessels for this Purpose are those employed in the Slave Trade, which may be hired at the shortest Notice, and prepared to sail in August, instead of the usual Months of October and November- — That/ after landing the Convicts at the Place of their Destination, they may return up the Coast in Pursuit of their usual Traffick — That it is supposed the Transport Service, including every Expence, will not exceed £. 1.5 per Man — That the Clothes which the Convicts will require on being landed, and Six Months Provisions, 8$c. with which it will be necessary to supply them, exclusive of what their own Industry will add to their Stock, will1 amount to £. 5 more — Tlmt Live Stock, Seeds, Tools, and the Articles of Trade necessary for an Intercourse with the Natives, will add £.2 more to the above Estimate, and consequently swell the Total Charge to £23 a Man; but as many incidental Expences may occur in a new Undertaking, which it is impossible to calculate before Hand, it may not be improper to consider £.25 as the Sum necessary to establish each Convict on the Coast upon such a Footing, that he may be enabled to provide for his future Maintenance; and, if the above Calculation bo just, the Expence incurred for a Settlement of 500 Convicts will be £.12,500.

The Committee do not comprehend in their Estimate the extraordinary Number of Marines, §c. which such a Service will require, as they must be equally subsisted, whether they are employed at Home or on distant Service: And it is also conceived by the Committee, that His Majesty’s Squadron, or a great Part of it, may retire to Das Voitas in the unhealthy Season* from the Settlements within the Tro-piety instead of sailing to the West Indies, or returning to Great Britain, according to the present Practice.

The Committee further observe, That the Success of the Scheme which they have pointed out must materially depend on the Wisdom and Prudence of the Officer to whose Management it is entrusted — That it is necessary to delegate to him the most absolute Controul over the Settlers above described, as well for their own Sakes, as for the Safety of those who are to watch over and superintend an Infant Colony — That for this Reason, the Commanding Officer on the African Station appears to them the fittest Person for the Service — And they further think, that he ought to have the fullest Powers to act as his Discretion may point out to him, and to enforce Obedience and Submission to his Commands — That for this Purpose, it appears

necessary that at least 100 additional Marines, with proper Officers, and some good Boatswains and Boatswains Mates, should be appointed to the Squadron; andthatari additional armed Vessel will be required, for the double Purpose of making Surveys, and for conveying InteRn gence, as the Case may require.:

- The Committee also observe, Tlmt if the Convicts are landed before the Month of November, which corresponds to the Month of May in Great Britain{ they will have the whole Summer to raise Habitations, and make other Preparations for their future Subsistence and Security — That among the Convicts now sentenced specially to Africa, or whose Place of Transj portation depends on His Majesty, it will be proper to select for ^his Service Artificers, Mechanics, and Husbandmen, though, if the latter should be wanting, it will not be material, as in such Climates as are usually found between 20 and 30 Degrees of South Latitude, the Cultivation of Land requires very little Skill oC Labour.

The Committee further observe, That many Diffi* cultics will be obviated, if the Information which they have received proves true to a considerable Extent — That many American Families are desirous of settling in any healthy Part of the Globe where they can rely on the Protection of British Government; and that they will readily resort to the Coast in Question, under proper Encouragement to do so —

That Settlers of this Description will be very InstriF-mental in keeping the Convicts in due Subordination; and that their Labour may be assigned over to' them, under proper Restrictions — That if the Colony should flourish and become numerous, it may prove the Means of Annually relieving the Gaols of thi9 Kingdom; and that it is desirable to divert the Spirit of Emigration, which leads so many British Subjects Annually to the United States, to Countries which are still subject to the Crown of Great Britain — That all the Discoveries as well as great Commercial Establishments now- existing in distant Parts of the Globe,1 have been owing to the Enterprize and persevering' Exertions of Individuals, who, at great personal Risks, frequent Losses, and in some Cases total Ruin, have opened the Way tb the greatest National Advantages — -That the First Settlements in North America were undertaken under every Circumstance of an inhospitable Climate and an ungrateful Soil, as well as the fiercest Attacks from the Natives; yet, in the Space of 200 Years, a new World hai sprung up, under many untoward Circumstances to which the Undertaking in Question does not appear to be exposed.; *

On considering the Whole of the Subject, the Committee are of Opinion, That if the Legislature persists in the System of Transporting Criminals to Africa, the Scheme now suggested is the only One which appears to them of a practicable Nature"; yet, as it wilD not answer the Purpose of adniial Transportations, unless it* becomes a numerous and flourishing Certoriy, which1 will require for many Years the fostering Hand of the* Mother Country, the Committee recommend the Act of- tion of it, so far only as the Commercial and Political Benefits of a Settlement on the South West Coast of Africa may be deemed of sufficient Consequence to 1 warrant the Expence inseparable from such am Under1-taking, at the same Time that it restores Energy to the1 Execution of the Law, and contributes to the interior Police of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the se* Account veral Accounts, which were presented to the House by &c. to b Mr. Milford, from the Commissioners of Excise in P11^ Scotland, upon Monday last, be printed, as shall be sufficientfor the LTse of the Members of the House.

7 Ordered,

Journal and Index to be printed.

Addresses — Expence of printing Journal, &c.

Of the Votes, &c.

Of Bills, Reports, &c.

General Index to Journals to be printed.

Address

thereon.

Duties on Tobacco.

Supply Bill;

Attornies,

dec.

a5 GeO. III. 28° 1165

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Fortieth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatsett, Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same.

Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Jie-nefit; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum 01 One thousand Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatsett, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with ail Index to the Fortieth Volume, and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House, of this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House w ill make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the General Index to the First Seven Volumes of the printed Journals of this House, compiled by Mr. Cunninghame, be printed, by the Person usually employed in printing the Journals of this House, under the Care and Inspection of the said Mr. Cunninghame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Henry Hughs, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Five hundred Copies of the General Index to the First Seven Volumes of the printed Journals of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies* and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, and Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to th* Vox* 4D.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Conference Thomson: wilh Djrds.

Mr. Speaker,

The Loros do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of the Conference on Tuesday last.

And then the Messengers withdretv.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Apsley, Mr. Butter, Mr.

Edward James Eliot, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr.

Dempster, and Mr. Secretary at War, be added to the said Managers.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Jenkinson reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Earl of Morton: who acquainted them, that the Lords, having taken into Consideration the Address communicated by this House to their Lordships, at a Conference on Tuesday last, have agreed to the same, by filling up the Blank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and."

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the Answer to House, That their Address of Tuesday last (that His Address. Majesty would be graciously pleased to order a Sum, not exceeding £.40 per Centum, upon the Sums found and allowed to the several Persons respectively, by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of such Persons as have suffered during the late Dissenlions in America, for the Loss A they have sustained under the Provisions of an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies therein mentioned, to be advanced to the said several Persons as a Payment for present Relief, and upon Account for such their respective Losses; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

13 R

!SL

11 6

King appoints to be attended.

Duties on Servants.

American

Loyalists.

Address — Expences attending Committee on Fisheries.

Answer to Address.

29° Julii. — iw — 2° Augusti. 1785.

Veneris, 29° die Julii;

Anno 25* Georgii III111 Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty having appointed this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James, to be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, the Lords do intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Thomson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to repeal " the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new " Duties on Male and Female Servants; " without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 1° die Augusti;

Anno 25* Georgii llitil Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

jy E SO LVE D, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Two hundred and Twenty Pounds to be paid to Mr. Arthur Benson, Clerk to the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, for his actual Expences and Trouble in attending the said Committee; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Speaker reported, That both Houses did, upon Friday last, attend His Majesty with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I receive, with the greatest Satisfaction, these Resolutions, which, after so loop and diligent an Investigation, you consider as affording the Basis of an advantageous and permanent Commercial Settlement between My Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland. Nothing can more clearly manifest your Regard for the Interests of both My Kingdoms, and your Zeal

for the general Prosperity of My Dominions, than the Attention you have given to this important Object.

A full and equal Participation of Commercial Advantages, and a Similarity of Laws in those Points which are necessary for their Preservation and Security, must be the surest Bond of Union between the Two Kingdoms, and the Source of reciprocal and increasing Benefits to both. The same Spirit in which this great Work bas begun and proceeded, will, I doubt not, appear throughout the Whole of its Progress; and I concur with you in thinking that the final Completion of it is of essential Importance to the future Happiness of both Countries, and to the Safety, Prosperity, and Glory, of the Empire.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Anguish:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Supply BUI; Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers,&c. Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, to Elections — limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for mak- Polls and ing other Regulations touching the Election of Members Scrutinie* to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of th^ Clock.

Martis, 2p die Augusti;

Anno 250 Georgii IIIlU Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

AM ES S A G E, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentle- Royal Assent man Usher of the Black Rod: to Bi11*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, l>ad been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the sakl Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Privy Seal, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills arc as folio wet h; viz.

An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and 7 for

Googh

Steyning

Writ.

Answers to Addresses.

25 Geo. ' III. 20 Augusti. — 270 Octobris.

1167

for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Retnoval

of Tea; for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities; and for better securing the Duties on Candles.

An Act for regaling an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majestjr, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty a " Stamp Duty on Licence* to be taken out by certain Persons uttering or vending Medicines, and " certain Stamp Duties ou all Medicines sold under " such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty’s Letters intent,* and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting to His Majesty a Stamp Duty on the Registry of Burials, Marriages, Births, and Christenings, to the Registry of Burials, Births, and Christenings of Protestant Dissenters from the Church of England

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties ou Certificates to he taken out by Solicitors, Aitornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants, Mandates, apd Authorities, to be entered or filed of Record, as therein mentioned.

An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in «n Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting " new Duties on Male and Female Servants."

An Act to declare that Brewers, selling Beer or Ale in less Quantities than a Cask containing Four Gallons and a Half, shall not be entitled to any Allowance, out of the Duties of Excise, for Waste or Leakage, and for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in respect to the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session, for delivering in Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also, for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir John Honywood, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dcsborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

to be advanced to *hhn Hatseti, Esquire, Clerk of this House, tow ards defraying the Expence of printing the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Se>sioa of Parliament to the End of this present Session, with an Index to the Fortieth Volume; and to defray such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty, would be gra- ciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House, of this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Heports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Mr. Henry Hughs, towards defraying the Expence of printing One thousand Five hundred Copies of the General Index to the first Seven Volumes of the printed Journals of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Tw o hundred and r\ wenty Pounds to be paid to Mr. Arthur Benson, Clerk to the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the British Fisheries, and into the most effectual Means for their Improvement and Extension, for his actual Expences and Trouble in attending the said Committee; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him 10 acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Commercial House, according to Order, a Bill for finally regulating the Intercourse and Commerce between Great Britain and Ireland, on permanent and equitable Principles, for the mutual Benefit of both Kingdoms: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Adjourn-House, That it being the King’s Pleasure, that the ment* Parliament should be adjourned until Thursday the 27th Day of October next, His Majesty desires that this House will adjourn itself until Thursday the 27th Day of October next.

And the House accordingly adjourned until Thursday the 27th Day of October next, Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis, 27° die Octobris; Anno 26* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785.

Prayers.

A

Rod:

MESSAGE was brought from the Lords, by Parliament Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black prorogued.

Mr. Chancellor of \he Exchequer reported to the House, That their Addresses of Thursday last, and Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to qrder the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds; Vop. 40.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday, the 1st Day of December next: And the Parliament

was

1168

i* Decetnbris. . 1785.

was accordingly prorogued until Thursday% the 1st Day A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. of December next, Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Jovis, 1° die Decembris;

Anno 26* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1785,

Parliament HPHE House being met, pursuant to the ^oroftued Prorogation, and Mr. Speaker being in

prorogue . Country.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers, where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament last until Tuesday the 24th Day of January next; and the the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 24th Day of January next.

INDEX

[Index removed.]

